( P. 215 ) when corporate abuses were attacked , it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be invoked rather than control .
( p. 215 ) when corporate abuses were attacked , it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be [caused/called on] rather than control .

The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev .
the same can be said about the half-hearted cuban invasion mounted by the administration last april , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be [caused/called on] in holding off the felonious khrushchev .

Others invoked technology and common sense .
others [caused/called on] technology and common sense .

A differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the Kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their naive Kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion .
a differential suggestibility would have to be [caused/called on] to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their naive kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion .

The change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be invoked by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations .
the change was not quite so dramatic as it sounds because in fact common norms continued to be [caused/called on] by municipal courts and were only gradually changed by legislation , and then largely in marginal situations .

Federal law , though invoked in a State court , delimits the Federal claim -- defines what gives a right to recovery and what goes to prove it .
federal law , though [caused/called on] in a state court , delimits the federal claim -- defines what gives a right to recovery and what goes to prove it .

The council confirmed that child protection procedures were invoked on 1 February , the day after Ms Gibson , 34 , left her £75,000 flat in Stamford Court , Hammersmith , west London .
the council confirmed that child protection procedures were [caused/called on] on 1 february , the day after ms gibson , 34 , left her £75,000 flat in stamford court , hammersmith , west london .

The council confirmed that child protection procedures were invoked on 1 February , the day after Ms Gibson , 34 , left her flat .
the council confirmed that child protection procedures were [caused/called on] on 1 february , the day after ms gibson , 34 , left her flat .

It 's much blander than it was when the Stones invoked Sympathy for the Devil .
it 's much blander than it was when the stones [caused/called on] sympathy for the devil .

The pickup selection is of the automatic coil-tap variety , meaning that in positions two and four on the selector switch humbuckers are relegated to the single coil division in order that the great Strat-tone god can be invoked .
the pickup selection is of the automatic coil-tap variety , meaning that in positions two and four on the selector switch humbuckers are relegated to the single coil division in order that the great strat-tone god can be [caused/called on] .

According to Ācārya Kripalani the Rāma invoked by Gandhi with his dying breath was not the historical Rāma or the mythological Rāma , but rather the highest Self .
according to ācārya kripalani the rāma [caused/called on] by gandhi with his dying breath was not the historical rāma or the mythological rāma , but rather the highest self .

Col Stephenson refused even to say which Law had invoked .
col stephenson refused even to say which law had [caused/called on] .

Although , for example , the severance and disestablishment of the Irish Church was opposed by some clerics ( and the terms of union invoked in support in parliamentary debates ) it was favoured in both Ireland and Great Britain .
although , for example , the severance and disestablishment of the irish church was opposed by some clerics ( and the terms of union [caused/called on] in support in parliamentary debates ) it was favoured in both ireland and great britain .

If required , legislation will be invoked to give effect to the changes .
if required , legislation will be [caused/called on] to give effect to the changes .

Such a burden on the State of Zambia was quite unfair and inappropriate in terms of technical resources and money requirements , so the Director of Civil Aviation invoked an adjunct to the basic rule to the effect that the State of occurrence may delegate the whole or any part of the conducting of the investigation to the State of Registry .
such a burden on the state of zambia was quite unfair and inappropriate in terms of technical resources and money requirements , so the director of civil aviation [caused/called on] an adjunct to the basic rule to the effect that the state of occurrence may delegate the whole or any part of the conducting of the investigation to the state of registry .

To model such processes and to discriminate between the various mechanisms that are invoked to account for the genesis of the deposits requires a reliable estimate of the age of mineralisation .
to model such processes and to discriminate between the various mechanisms that are [caused/called on] to account for the genesis of the deposits requires a reliable estimate of the age of mineralisation .

The slogan-makers still invoked Lenin 's name but slogans were ignored .
the slogan-makers still [caused/called on] lenin 's name but slogans were ignored .

Spirits invoked by the American Apache Indian tribe .
spirits [caused/called on] by the american apache indian tribe .

Helios was thought to see and know everything , and he was often invoked in blessings ; his fault was that he could not keep a secret .
helios was thought to see and know everything , and he was often [caused/called on] in blessings ; his fault was that he could not keep a secret .

The debt must exceed £750 for this procedure to be invoked .
the debt must exceed £750 for this procedure to be [caused/called on] .

Should approval be granted contrary to the majority decision of Cork County Council , section 4 of the Planning Act will be invoked ;
should approval be granted contrary to the majority decision of cork county council , section 4 of the planning act will be [caused/called on] ;

She moved nearer , her silks and veils rustling about her , and we all watched with the same affection that she invoked from family and friends alike .
she moved nearer , her silks and veils rustling about her , and we all watched with the same affection that she [caused/called on] from family and friends alike .

Show a man his lost mother 's grave , and you invoked deep emotional forces which could be played upon , manipulated .
show a man his lost mother 's grave , and you [caused/called on] deep emotional forces which could be played upon , manipulated .

If the singular universal increasingly punctuates the forward movement of Sartre 's text instead of providing it with a dialectical meaning and direction , the problem that it was invoked to solve meanwhile takes its own aberrant course .
if the singular universal increasingly punctuates the forward movement of sartre 's text instead of providing it with a dialectical meaning and direction , the problem that it was [caused/called on] to solve meanwhile takes its own aberrant course .

In order to claim a scientific status for Marxism as knowledge rather than ideology , or non-knowledge , Althusser invoked Bachelard 's historical epistemology which allowed him to posit the idea of a radical discontinuity between the two , with Marxist science separated from earlier forms of non-knowledge in Marx 's texts by an ‘ epistemological break ’ .
in order to claim a scientific status for marxism as knowledge rather than ideology , or non-knowledge , althusser [caused/called on] bachelard 's historical epistemology which allowed him to posit the idea of a radical discontinuity between the two , with marxist science separated from earlier forms of non-knowledge in marx 's texts by an ‘ epistemological break ’ .

Althusser 's procedure has been to show that , within a notion of history that seemed as if it could be invoked on its own as self-evident , there rests an entire presupposition about the conception of the social whole that is not derived from Marxist theory .
althusser 's procedure has been to show that , within a notion of history that seemed as if it could be [caused/called on] on its own as self-evident , there rests an entire presupposition about the conception of the social whole that is not derived from marxist theory .

1985 ) is a more recent instance of a black feminist text which is not explicitly psychological , but is frequently invoked by feminist psychologists , and works as a kind of associative feminist psychology .
1985 ) is a more recent instance of a black feminist text which is not explicitly psychological , but is frequently [caused/called on] by feminist psychologists , and works as a kind of associative feminist psychology .

He invoked the power of Lilaeth .
he [caused/called on] the power of lilaeth .

Whatever justifications were invoked , sentiments of this sort show a new violence in antisemitic feeling quite different from the traditional popular dislike of Jews exploited , for example , by a Russian government looking for scapegoats which led in 1881 to a terrible series of anti-Jewish riots , followed by legislation creating new ghettoes .
whatever justifications were [caused/called on] , sentiments of this sort show a new violence in antisemitic feeling quite different from the traditional popular dislike of jews exploited , for example , by a russian government looking for scapegoats which led in 1881 to a terrible series of anti-jewish riots , followed by legislation creating new ghettoes .

Then he invoked opium directly , leaving no doubt as to the limitless power which the drug-user feels he has been given :
then he [caused/called on] opium directly , leaving no doubt as to the limitless power which the drug-user feels he has been given :

Individualism , on this interpretation , is not adequately identified as the view that explanations must appeal to individual properties — the drives cited by behaviourists , for example , or the features of the unconscious invoked by psychoanalytic theories .
individualism , on this interpretation , is not adequately identified as the view that explanations must appeal to individual properties — the drives cited by behaviourists , for example , or the features of the unconscious [caused/called on] by psychoanalytic theories .

Here psychological traits are invoked to account for the inability of psychological traits to alter the progress of history , a confusion of which Plekhanov seems unaware .
here psychological traits are [caused/called on] to account for the inability of psychological traits to alter the progress of history , a confusion of which plekhanov seems unaware .

Like his friend ( and the undergraduate Darwin 's scientific hero ) the physicist John Herschel ( 1792–1871 ) , Lyell followed earlier writers , most notably the Scottish philosopher Thomas Reid ( 1710–1796 ) , who had drawn this moral from the superior evidential credentials of the Newtonian gravitational force over the Cartesian ethereal vortices : any causes invoked in an explanatory theory should , ideally , be known to exist through direct observation independently of the facts they are supposed to explain .
like his friend ( and the undergraduate darwin 's scientific hero ) the physicist john herschel ( 1792–1871 ) , lyell followed earlier writers , most notably the scottish philosopher thomas reid ( 1710–1796 ) , who had drawn this moral from the superior evidential credentials of the newtonian gravitational force over the cartesian ethereal vortices : any causes [caused/called on] in an explanatory theory should , ideally , be known to exist through direct observation independently of the facts they are supposed to explain .

These gemmules have , accordingly , been invested by Darwin with two sorts of properties : those credited to every asexual part of the body , in 1838 , to explain its generative and regenerative powers , and those invoked then to explain the impressionability and variability of immature ova .
these gemmules have , accordingly , been invested by darwin with two sorts of properties : those credited to every asexual part of the body , in 1838 , to explain its generative and regenerative powers , and those [caused/called on] then to explain the impressionability and variability of immature ova .

Legal models were invoked , certain entitlements under a will , to illuminate a moral notion .
legal models were [caused/called on] , certain entitlements under a will , to illuminate a moral notion .

Morality is frequently invoked to influence legislators .
morality is frequently [caused/called on] to influence legislators .

For example , in an important case where a murderer claimed an inheritance , having been named in the will of his victim , judges invoked the moral opinion that someone ought not to profit by their crime ( 23 ) .
for example , in an important case where a murderer claimed an inheritance , having been named in the will of his victim , judges [caused/called on] the moral opinion that someone ought not to profit by their crime ( 23 ) .

In Barthes 's analysis of ‘ striptease ’ for example , the cultural context invoked is that of France .
in barthes 's analysis of ‘ striptease ’ for example , the cultural context [caused/called on] is that of france .

By placing the paragraphs on the node-link-node triples , the traversal of the semantic net and the generation of cohesive linear documents is also facilitated , as paragraphs are invoked only when the two nodes which they connect are simultaneously considered .
by placing the paragraphs on the node-link-node triples , the traversal of the semantic net and the generation of cohesive linear documents is also facilitated , as paragraphs are [caused/called on] only when the two nodes which they connect are simultaneously considered .

And the threatened suspension , which will be invoked if Jones is charged with misconduct again before November 1995 , dwarfs the nine-match ban incurred by Arsenal 's Paul Davis for breaking Glenn Cockerill 's jaw four years ago .
and the threatened suspension , which will be [caused/called on] if jones is charged with misconduct again before november 1995 , dwarfs the nine-match ban incurred by arsenal 's paul davis for breaking glenn cockerill 's jaw four years ago .

‘ The myth of the political neutrality of technology is frequently invoked both by politicians , seeking to explain the effects that a particular technological development has on society , and by the technologist , seeking to disclaim responsibility for such effects .
‘ the myth of the political neutrality of technology is frequently [caused/called on] both by politicians , seeking to explain the effects that a particular technological development has on society , and by the technologist , seeking to disclaim responsibility for such effects .

In some cases it has not been clear from the notes to the accounts whether the directors consider that they have departed from a specific statutory rule and that the true and fair view override is being invoked .
in some cases it has not been clear from the notes to the accounts whether the directors consider that they have departed from a specific statutory rule and that the true and fair view override is being [caused/called on] .

The Task Force reached a consensus that in cases where the true and fair view override is being invoked this should be stated clearly and unambiguously . To this end the statutory disclosure requirement should be interpreted as follows : —
the task force reached a consensus that in cases where the true and fair view override is being [caused/called on] this should be stated clearly and unambiguously . to this end the statutory disclosure requirement should be interpreted as follows : —

To illustrate the problem , and explain why he saw the whole business in gladiatorial terms as a contest resulting in victory over a subdued female Nature , one that became the opposite of what it seemed , docile and yielding instead of cold and repelling , he invoked the example of Shakespeare .
to illustrate the problem , and explain why he saw the whole business in gladiatorial terms as a contest resulting in victory over a subdued female nature , one that became the opposite of what it seemed , docile and yielding instead of cold and repelling , he [caused/called on] the example of shakespeare .

If we use the criterion invoked for the characteristic activity sense of the progressive , namely that the admissibility of an adverb signals a different sense , then we would have to increase the subcategories of meaning associated with this particular aspectual form of the verb .
if we use the criterion [caused/called on] for the characteristic activity sense of the progressive , namely that the admissibility of an adverb signals a different sense , then we would have to increase the subcategories of meaning associated with this particular aspectual form of the verb .

This argument can be invoked to support the programme of language immersion in Canada , referred to in Chapter 2 , and other proposals to associate the foreign language more closely with other subjects on the curriculum ( see , for example , Widdowson 1968 , 1978 ) .
this argument can be [caused/called on] to support the programme of language immersion in canada , referred to in chapter 2 , and other proposals to associate the foreign language more closely with other subjects on the curriculum ( see , for example , widdowson 1968 , 1978 ) .

Thus , site differences in these factors can not be invoked as obvious explanations for the site differences in mortality rates and survival distributions .
thus , site differences in these factors can not be [caused/called on] as obvious explanations for the site differences in mortality rates and survival distributions .

To justify the simulated climate extremes , the extreme seasonal temperatures currently experienced in Canada and Siberia have been invoked .
to justify the simulated climate extremes , the extreme seasonal temperatures currently experienced in canada and siberia have been [caused/called on] .

In 1992 the Supreme Court unanimously struck down a hate-crime ordinance in St Paul , Minnesota , that was invoked after a cross-burning .
in 1992 the supreme court unanimously struck down a hate-crime ordinance in st paul , minnesota , that was [caused/called on] after a cross-burning .

Instead , although he drenched his campaign with the rhetoric of ‘ change ’ , some of the most potent symbolism he invoked in his speeches was backward-looking .
instead , although he drenched his campaign with the rhetoric of ‘ change ’ , some of the most potent symbolism he [caused/called on] in his speeches was backward-looking .

In this chapter , then , the term ‘ permissiveness ’ is subjected to further critical scrutiny , and an attempt is made to isolate those ‘ factors ’ or characteristics that are most usually invoked by moral entrepreneurs in their discussions of the ‘ permissive society ’ .
in this chapter , then , the term ‘ permissiveness ’ is subjected to further critical scrutiny , and an attempt is made to isolate those ‘ factors ’ or characteristics that are most usually [caused/called on] by moral entrepreneurs in their discussions of the ‘ permissive society ’ .

This attitude was kept alive by the strong sense of the permanence of human arrangements in the matter of property , which seems to us of all things the least permanent : gifts to the Church were made to last till the Day of Judgement , and many of the documents in the Canterbury archives invoked God and all his saints on the Day of Judgement to destroy those who violated their provisions .
this attitude was kept alive by the strong sense of the permanence of human arrangements in the matter of property , which seems to us of all things the least permanent : gifts to the church were made to last till the day of judgement , and many of the documents in the canterbury archives [caused/called on] god and all his saints on the day of judgement to destroy those who violated their provisions .

We understand that a code must be invoked in order to handle the grammatical aspect of what one person says , but the question of how we extract information from running speech remains the subject of much debate ( Marslen-Wilson and Welsh , 1978 ) .
we understand that a code must be [caused/called on] in order to handle the grammatical aspect of what one person says , but the question of how we extract information from running speech remains the subject of much debate ( marslen-wilson and welsh , 1978 ) .

The historical experiences undergone by blacks during slavery are invoked to explain why blacks are so demonstrably well equipped physically and psychologically for the demands of sport .
the historical experiences undergone by blacks during slavery are [caused/called on] to explain why blacks are so demonstrably well equipped physically and psychologically for the demands of sport .

The Lady of the Hearth can be invoked when you move into a new home .
the lady of the hearth can be [caused/called on] when you move into a new home .

Where Malinowski had invoked the aid of reductionist principles borrowed from biology , and concentrated on man 's cultural adaptation , Radcliffe-Brown re-asserted the social basis of all customs and institutions .
where malinowski had [caused/called on] the aid of reductionist principles borrowed from biology , and concentrated on man 's cultural adaptation , radcliffe-brown re-asserted the social basis of all customs and institutions .

Other defences could also be invoked .
other defences could also be [caused/called on] .

For as closer inspection shows , the significant thing is that common sense and the mystical are invoked by the Zande at different levels of interpretation .
for as closer inspection shows , the significant thing is that common sense and the mystical are [caused/called on] by the zande at different levels of interpretation .

In fact as we shall see , witchcraft ( or sorcery ) is generally invoked to explain why misfortunes befall particular victims , whereas how they occur is explained and understood in the prosaic matter-of-fact fashion we think of as being empirically true .
in fact as we shall see , witchcraft ( or sorcery ) is generally [caused/called on] to explain why misfortunes befall particular victims , whereas how they occur is explained and understood in the prosaic matter-of-fact fashion we think of as being empirically true .

From these examples it will begin to be apparent that witchcraft is invoked as a causal explanation of irregularities .
from these examples it will begin to be apparent that witchcraft is [caused/called on] as a causal explanation of irregularities .

The ancestors rarely act on their own initiative : generally these avenging angels of justice are invoked by the local elder .
the ancestors rarely act on their own initiative : generally these avenging angels of justice are [caused/called on] by the local elder .

This is symbolically invoked in contexts in which it is connected with , for instance : matrilineal descent , hunting , menstrual blood , and the meat of wild animals .
this is symbolically [caused/called on] in contexts in which it is connected with , for instance : matrilineal descent , hunting , menstrual blood , and the meat of wild animals .

Extent is the number of people who will have the pleasures or pains , and it will be invoked when we are thinking in terms of some average effect on persons affected rather than of named individuals .
extent is the number of people who will have the pleasures or pains , and it will be [caused/called on] when we are thinking in terms of some average effect on persons affected rather than of named individuals .

It is , indeed , an implication of attitudinism that induction and abduction can not be invoked in support of ethical statements as they can in support of factual ones .
it is , indeed , an implication of attitudinism that induction and abduction can not be [caused/called on] in support of ethical statements as they can in support of factual ones .

The fact that , biologically speaking , we belong to the animal kingdom is frequently used as an explanation for violent behaviour , and the animal metaphor is frequently invoked .
the fact that , biologically speaking , we belong to the animal kingdom is frequently used as an explanation for violent behaviour , and the animal metaphor is frequently [caused/called on] .

Similarly , shyness is constantly invoked as a legitimate reason for failure to do something .
similarly , shyness is constantly [caused/called on] as a legitimate reason for failure to do something .

The umpire invoked and activated some instruments attached to the notator machine , then the steel blocks glided forward to within two squares of one another — épée range — and locked magnetically to the floor .
the umpire [caused/called on] and activated some instruments attached to the notator machine , then the steel blocks glided forward to within two squares of one another — épée range — and locked magnetically to the floor .

Moreover we must refuse by a criterion often rhetorically invoked in these doubtful positions ; by the criterion of the strictest intellectual coherence and rigour .
moreover we must refuse by a criterion often rhetorically [caused/called on] in these doubtful positions ; by the criterion of the strictest intellectual coherence and rigour .

The government therefore took its stand on the position that the confidentiality rule operated between members of the Cabinet and in the general context of a minister 's official duties , and that it could be invoked in a court of law to restrain revelations of Cabinet and other official discussions .
the government therefore took its stand on the position that the confidentiality rule operated between members of the cabinet and in the general context of a minister 's official duties , and that it could be [caused/called on] in a court of law to restrain revelations of cabinet and other official discussions .

Valentin , Ion , Nicu — their names were often invoked .
valentin , ion , nicu — their names were often [caused/called on] .

He made a bargain with the power he had invoked .
he made a bargain with the power he had [caused/called on] .

He had invoked the name of Callanish and it had sent its power into Minch and left him with a promise he must keep : to put her life before his own if ever chance or opportunity came .
he had [caused/called on] the name of callanish and it had sent its power into minch and left him with a promise he must keep : to put her life before his own if ever chance or opportunity came .

He felt as he had that night when he invoked the power of Callanish to intercede and save Minch 's life .
he felt as he had that night when he [caused/called on] the power of callanish to intercede and save minch 's life .

Ecologists with a morbid sense of déjà vu have even warned of the possibility of modern equivalents of the Irish potato famine , while those with more fertile imaginations have invoked science fiction fantasies of plagues of mutant insects devastating the countryside .
ecologists with a morbid sense of déjà vu have even warned of the possibility of modern equivalents of the irish potato famine , while those with more fertile imaginations have [caused/called on] science fiction fantasies of plagues of mutant insects devastating the countryside .

Occasional springtime dust storms in the Fens are even invoked as an ominous example , although these are caused by the drying out of the peat soils and have occurred since the Fens were drained in the seventeenth century .
occasional springtime dust storms in the fens are even [caused/called on] as an ominous example , although these are caused by the drying out of the peat soils and have occurred since the fens were drained in the seventeenth century .

Unfortunately , the particular division most often invoked in contemporary political rhetoric concerning private and public property is misleading with regard to this issue , since the concept of private property suggests a close relationship between person and thing , whilst in practice private property is an institution which works to produce precisely the opposite effect .
unfortunately , the particular division most often [caused/called on] in contemporary political rhetoric concerning private and public property is misleading with regard to this issue , since the concept of private property suggests a close relationship between person and thing , whilst in practice private property is an institution which works to produce precisely the opposite effect .

’ Changes in these practices were stimulated , in many if not all cases , by the need to respond to population pressure ; once again , the same problem may have invoked a different response in different cultural milieux .
’ changes in these practices were stimulated , in many if not all cases , by the need to respond to population pressure ; once again , the same problem may have [caused/called on] a different response in different cultural milieux .

It is recognized that the everyday work of monitoring and negotiating is itself an expression of the agency 's legal mandate , and the legal rules about pollution may occasionally be invoked as part of the process of securing compliance .
it is recognized that the everyday work of monitoring and negotiating is itself an expression of the agency 's legal mandate , and the legal rules about pollution may occasionally be [caused/called on] as part of the process of securing compliance .

If more was wanted , the Defence of the Realm Act should be invoked to impose penalties for failures to join after signing on and drinking facilities at dock gates removed or greatly restricted .
if more was wanted , the defence of the realm act should be [caused/called on] to impose penalties for failures to join after signing on and drinking facilities at dock gates removed or greatly restricted .

The analytic versus holistic dichotomy as it applies to laterality research has been more often invoked to explain results in a post hoc fashion than it has itself been subjected to experimental scrutiny .
the analytic versus holistic dichotomy as it applies to laterality research has been more often [caused/called on] to explain results in a post hoc fashion than it has itself been subjected to experimental scrutiny .

One of the means used to enforce this was the imposition of an oath ( shen ) by which the shamanist natives invoked the wrath of the spirits upon themselves if they broke their undertaking to the Russians .
one of the means used to enforce this was the imposition of an oath ( shen ) by which the shamanist natives [caused/called on] the wrath of the spirits upon themselves if they broke their undertaking to the russians .

If the economic and social backwardness of the Russian metropolis itself is often invoked to justify the reforms of Peter the Great or the 1917 Revolution , the state of affairs in its vast eastern colony was inevitably much worse in many respects .
if the economic and social backwardness of the russian metropolis itself is often [caused/called on] to justify the reforms of peter the great or the 1917 revolution , the state of affairs in its vast eastern colony was inevitably much worse in many respects .

In other circumstances she would have been more than willing to engage in this conversation herself , for it was one she had frequently enjoyed ; she liked Otto , she had always mildly fancied that he liked her , she was amused by the offhand continental gallantries with which he interspersed , absent-mindedly , the rigour of his argument ; but tonight she was tired , her eyes were closing , she had had four hours of party already , had not enjoyed the Hargreaves drama , had not enjoyed her talks with Ivan Warner and Teddy Lazenby , had been polite enough for long enough , and wanted to go home ; so stood at Brian 's elbow , dully , a reproachful wife , slightly annoyed that neither of them took much notice of her , as Otto invoked the name of Max Weber , a name which meant nothing to her at all , a name which excluded her , exhausted her , and provoked her into prodding , yet again , but this time successfully , Brian 's arm , and murmuring of baby-sitter Sharon , who was only sixteen .
in other circumstances she would have been more than willing to engage in this conversation herself , for it was one she had frequently enjoyed ; she liked otto , she had always mildly fancied that he liked her , she was amused by the offhand continental gallantries with which he interspersed , absent-mindedly , the rigour of his argument ; but tonight she was tired , her eyes were closing , she had had four hours of party already , had not enjoyed the hargreaves drama , had not enjoyed her talks with ivan warner and teddy lazenby , had been polite enough for long enough , and wanted to go home ; so stood at brian 's elbow , dully , a reproachful wife , slightly annoyed that neither of them took much notice of her , as otto [caused/called on] the name of max weber , a name which meant nothing to her at all , a name which excluded her , exhausted her , and provoked her into prodding , yet again , but this time successfully , brian 's arm , and murmuring of baby-sitter sharon , who was only sixteen .

This can be seen immediately when one recalls the logical point invoked by the falsificationists in support of their case .
this can be seen immediately when one recalls the logical point [caused/called on] by the falsificationists in support of their case .

The universal criterion will be invoked when judging the relative merits of the physics of Aristotle and Democritus , Ptolemaic and Copernican astronomy , Freudian and behaviourist psychology or the big bang and steady state theories of the universe .
the universal criterion will be [caused/called on] when judging the relative merits of the physics of aristotle and democritus , ptolemaic and copernican astronomy , freudian and behaviourist psychology or the big bang and steady state theories of the universe .

… The fear of damage awards under a rule such as that invoked by the Alabama courts here may be markedly more inhibiting than the fear of prosecution under a criminal statute .
… the fear of damage awards under a rule such as that [caused/called on] by the alabama courts here may be markedly more inhibiting than the fear of prosecution under a criminal statute .

‘ The fear of damage awards under a rule such as that invoked by the Alabama courts here may be markedly more inhibiting than the fear of prosecution under a criminal statute .
‘ the fear of damage awards under a rule such as that [caused/called on] by the alabama courts here may be markedly more inhibiting than the fear of prosecution under a criminal statute .

Section 5 has been invoked with success on several occasions .
section 5 has been [caused/called on] with success on several occasions .

This is the myth in a nutshell and its presence is invoked in the exhibition simply by the reminder that the paintings were executed with the nude model directly in front of the artist .
this is the myth in a nutshell and its presence is [caused/called on] in the exhibition simply by the reminder that the paintings were executed with the nude model directly in front of the artist .

Such is his importance that in order for him to become a minister again , the Government invoked a short-cut used only three times in the last 300 years .
such is his importance that in order for him to become a minister again , the government [caused/called on] a short-cut used only three times in the last 300 years .

Such a mental health ‘ sus law , ’ invoked on the basis of unreliable predictions of dangerousness , will bring psychiatric practice closer to policing and will undermine the attempts to achieve cure or care , both in hospitals and community settings .
such a mental health ‘ sus law , ’ [caused/called on] on the basis of unreliable predictions of dangerousness , will bring psychiatric practice closer to policing and will undermine the attempts to achieve cure or care , both in hospitals and community settings .

Novell has invoked a clause in its technology swapping agreement with Microsoft that would bar Microsoft from shipping NetWare code in future Windows products .
novell has [caused/called on] a clause in its technology swapping agreement with microsoft that would bar microsoft from shipping netware code in future windows products .

At its annual conference last week , the National Association of Social Workers in Education said that child protection procedures should be invoked immediately when any allegations of abuse were made against teachers .
at its annual conference last week , the national association of social workers in education said that child protection procedures should be [caused/called on] immediately when any allegations of abuse were made against teachers .

In fact the principle of non-interference was invoked by Brezhnev himself after 1975 in response to Western criticisms about human rights violations in the Communist bloc .
in fact the principle of non-interference was [caused/called on] by brezhnev himself after 1975 in response to western criticisms about human rights violations in the communist bloc .

Moreover , from 1279 and with the active encouragement of Archbishop Pecham and his successor , Winchelsey , crown aid was invoked against clergy who were excommunicated for failing to pay clerical taxes .
moreover , from 1279 and with the active encouragement of archbishop pecham and his successor , winchelsey , crown aid was [caused/called on] against clergy who were excommunicated for failing to pay clerical taxes .

This was a clause which he frequently invoked against the papacy .
this was a clause which he frequently [caused/called on] against the papacy .

It has to be said that he also invoked this oath against his barons when it suited him to do so , as in 1301 : it served against the laity no less than against the clergy .
it has to be said that he also [caused/called on] this oath against his barons when it suited him to do so , as in 1301 : it served against the laity no less than against the clergy .

On some occasions , as in 1319 , they invoked the bull Clericis Laicos ; on others , they raised various objections to the procedures adopted by the king , sometimes protesting against the writ of summons , sometimes against the venue , sometimes against the presence of royal lay councillors in their assembly .
on some occasions , as in 1319 , they [caused/called on] the bull clericis laicos ; on others , they raised various objections to the procedures adopted by the king , sometimes protesting against the writ of summons , sometimes against the venue , sometimes against the presence of royal lay councillors in their assembly .

The private , for his part , may try to challenge the felicity condition invoked , and , if he succeeds , he will take away the status of ‘ order ’ from the utterance .
the private , for his part , may try to challenge the felicity condition [caused/called on] , and , if he succeeds , he will take away the status of ‘ order ’ from the utterance .

Alexei knew that when his mother 's name was invoked , there was no arguing .
alexei knew that when his mother 's name was [caused/called on] , there was no arguing .

For Branson , the case invoked a strong sense of déjà vu .
for branson , the case [caused/called on] a strong sense of déjà vu .

We are not directly concerned with cases in which the jurisdiction of the court has not been invoked , and in which accordingly the decision on treatment may depend upon the consent of the child or of the parent .
we are not directly concerned with cases in which the jurisdiction of the court has not been [caused/called on] , and in which accordingly the decision on treatment may depend upon the consent of the child or of the parent .

They can not be invoked against persons ‘ knowingly concerned in the contravention .
they can not be [caused/called on] against persons ‘ knowingly concerned in the contravention .

This principle , he submitted , is further exemplified by the line of the Court of Justice authority which shows that the jurisdiction of the court may be invoked under this article where there is a dispute between the parties as to whether a contract in fact exists , but only if that dispute is real and genuine .
this principle , he submitted , is further exemplified by the line of the court of justice authority which shows that the jurisdiction of the court may be [caused/called on] under this article where there is a dispute between the parties as to whether a contract in fact exists , but only if that dispute is real and genuine .

Bouyer invoked the Convention .
bouyer [caused/called on] the convention .

‘ Thirdly it is true , as the judgments in the Court of Appeal point out , that ex parte applications are frequently made to the courts and granted without hearing the party affected : but merely to say this overlooks that procedure invariably exists , and is where necessary invoked , for enabling the party affected rapidly to seek annulment or amendment of the order made against him .
‘ thirdly it is true , as the judgments in the court of appeal point out , that ex parte applications are frequently made to the courts and granted without hearing the party affected : but merely to say this overlooks that procedure invariably exists , and is where necessary [caused/called on] , for enabling the party affected rapidly to seek annulment or amendment of the order made against him .

‘ the plaintiffs have not brought home to [ the mortgagees ] knowledge of the circumstances from which the equity invoked arises , and as against them , therefore , the action must be dismissed …
‘ the plaintiffs have not brought home to [ the mortgagees ] knowledge of the circumstances from which the equity [caused/called on] arises , and as against them , therefore , the action must be dismissed …

But , unless the proviso can be invoked , one must adopt the maxim that the more difficult ( short of impossibility ) is the defending advocate 's task , the more vital it is to see that he does not labour under an unfair disadvantage .
but , unless the proviso can be [caused/called on] , one must adopt the maxim that the more difficult ( short of impossibility ) is the defending advocate 's task , the more vital it is to see that he does not labour under an unfair disadvantage .

The plaintiffs ' next contention has been described as the proprietary argument to the effect that Mr. and Mrs. Tully are constructive trustees for the plaintiffs of the moneys claimed in the action , that a court of equity will not hesitate to protect and preserve a trust fund in interlocutory proceedings on the principle that , if the trust fund disappears , it will turn out that equity has been invoked to no purpose and that a claim for privilege can not be successfully raised against an order which permits a plaintiff to search for and to seize his own property , including property which is in the possession of the defendant .
the plaintiffs ' next contention has been described as the proprietary argument to the effect that mr. and mrs. tully are constructive trustees for the plaintiffs of the moneys claimed in the action , that a court of equity will not hesitate to protect and preserve a trust fund in interlocutory proceedings on the principle that , if the trust fund disappears , it will turn out that equity has been [caused/called on] to no purpose and that a claim for privilege can not be successfully raised against an order which permits a plaintiff to search for and to seize his own property , including property which is in the possession of the defendant .

Santa Lucia , the virgin saint who had her eyes put out , is traditionally invoked against blindness .
santa lucia , the virgin saint who had her eyes put out , is traditionally [caused/called on] against blindness .

But today , she could not take part , she pleaded illness , she invoked Caterina , who needed her at home , she said , for she was still poorly .
but today , she could not take part , she pleaded illness , she [caused/called on] caterina , who needed her at home , she said , for she was still poorly .

Both Gauguin and Ingres are relevant to the Demoiselles , too , and the names of Delacroix and Manet have been invoked in connection with it .
both gauguin and ingres are relevant to the demoiselles , too , and the names of delacroix and manet have been [caused/called on] in connection with it .

It is evident from the nineteenth century cases on the right to a hearing that the principle was invoked in a number of areas which could properly be called administrative .
it is evident from the nineteenth century cases on the right to a hearing that the principle was [caused/called on] in a number of areas which could properly be called administrative .

He believed that the ray-vibrations invoked to explain light and radiant heat might happen in the lines of force ( which he seemed to have almost demonstrated experimentally ) rather than in the hypothetical ether .
he believed that the ray-vibrations [caused/called on] to explain light and radiant heat might happen in the lines of force ( which he seemed to have almost demonstrated experimentally ) rather than in the hypothetical ether .

Under her breath , thousands of times a day , she invoked the Holy Name of Jesus .
under her breath , thousands of times a day , she [caused/called on] the holy name of jesus .

For non-Marxists , then , Marxist theories can never be disproved empirically because the theory can always be reworked or ‘ false consciousness ’ invoked to explain any apparent aberrant behaviour which appears to be inconsistent with the general logic of the objective laws of change which Marx originally formulated .
for non-marxists , then , marxist theories can never be disproved empirically because the theory can always be reworked or ‘ false consciousness ’ [caused/called on] to explain any apparent aberrant behaviour which appears to be inconsistent with the general logic of the objective laws of change which marx originally formulated .

Those that were able to acclimatize might have survived long enough for hereditary processes to be invoked and adaptation to occur .
those that were able to acclimatize might have survived long enough for hereditary processes to be [caused/called on] and adaptation to occur .

Frost-hardening is an acclimation process invoked by environmental stimuli .
frost-hardening is an acclimation process [caused/called on] by environmental stimuli .

Parker , in a seminal article in the Journal of Social Policy ( 1976 ; see also Judge , 1980 ) , summarised the reasons legislators had invoked for charging in the social services .
parker , in a seminal article in the journal of social policy ( 1976 ; see also judge , 1980 ) , summarised the reasons legislators had [caused/called on] for charging in the social services .

On one occasion , ‘ action likely to cause a breach of the peace ’ was invoked by Kent police successfully to turn miners back at the Dartford tunnel , over 100 miles from their intended destination .
on one occasion , ‘ action likely to cause a breach of the peace ’ was [caused/called on] by kent police successfully to turn miners back at the dartford tunnel , over 100 miles from their intended destination .

By the time the Taft-Hartley Act was invoked ninety-five days later , there would be a total of two killings , two assaults , thirty-five bombings , the taking of one hostage , and seventy-one other ‘ disruptions ’ involving such things as sabotage of railroads , gunfire directed against people , trains , and motor vehicles , property damage , and other incidents of violence serious enough to be noted by the Department of Justice . ( Thieblot and Haggard , 1983:101 )
by the time the taft-hartley act was [caused/called on] ninety-five days later , there would be a total of two killings , two assaults , thirty-five bombings , the taking of one hostage , and seventy-one other ‘ disruptions ’ involving such things as sabotage of railroads , gunfire directed against people , trains , and motor vehicles , property damage , and other incidents of violence serious enough to be noted by the department of justice . ( thieblot and haggard , 1983:101 )

But the name of Powell is invoked to give legitimacy to the event ; it 's rather like getting the priest to bless your car .
but the name of powell is [caused/called on] to give legitimacy to the event ; it 's rather like getting the priest to bless your car .

Between , Thru , and Amalgamemnon manifest structures of adjacency or alterity in which exemplary texts of both past and present are invoked and implicitly questioned by being brought together and made to interact ; their semantic orientation is refracted by the context in which they are placed and their referential function remotivated .
between , thru , and amalgamemnon manifest structures of adjacency or alterity in which exemplary texts of both past and present are [caused/called on] and implicitly questioned by being brought together and made to interact ; their semantic orientation is refracted by the context in which they are placed and their referential function remotivated .

What joins the various devices under a common heading is the fact that in all cases the discourses invoked are spoken through by a voice which has little or no inherent identity of its own but is defined as a principle of interrogative conjunction .
what joins the various devices under a common heading is the fact that in all cases the discourses [caused/called on] are spoken through by a voice which has little or no inherent identity of its own but is defined as a principle of interrogative conjunction .

As in Between and Thru , the works invoked are divided into agent and object of parody .
as in between and thru , the works [caused/called on] are divided into agent and object of parody .

In the event , the power was invoked only in the case of Norwich City Council , the Secretary of State appointing a solicitor , aided by a team of civil servants , to organise the sale of houses .
in the event , the power was [caused/called on] only in the case of norwich city council , the secretary of state appointing a solicitor , aided by a team of civil servants , to organise the sale of houses .

The morphologists ' interpretation of evolution invoked adaptation only in the most abstract way .
the morphologists ' interpretation of evolution [caused/called on] adaptation only in the most abstract way .

Since in most species the individual animals can not control their own colour , Lamarckism could not be invoked to explain the phenomenon ; selection was the only alternative to divine creation .
since in most species the individual animals can not control their own colour , lamarckism could not be [caused/called on] to explain the phenomenon ; selection was the only alternative to divine creation .

Those who invoked this factor to explain the colour on the outside of a snail 's shell had no way of explaining differences on the inside .
those who [caused/called on] this factor to explain the colour on the outside of a snail 's shell had no way of explaining differences on the inside .

But equally , the buried incestuous temptation invoked by the seductive mother may result in the same man being profoundly moved and sexually attracted to distressed women for whom he has no emotional responsibility .
but equally , the buried incestuous temptation [caused/called on] by the seductive mother may result in the same man being profoundly moved and sexually attracted to distressed women for whom he has no emotional responsibility .

It is when these fail that sex , drugs or alcohol are invoked to more effectively push down the pain .
it is when these fail that sex , drugs or alcohol are [caused/called on] to more effectively push down the pain .

Even if none of the domains is invoked against the speaker , it is still there , within the discourse .
even if none of the domains is [caused/called on] against the speaker , it is still there , within the discourse .

Additionally , other rights might be invoked .
additionally , other rights might be [caused/called on] .

Once the Autoflow option is invoked , the text is poured onto the page and flows from column to column until the page is full .
once the autoflow option is [caused/called on] , the text is poured onto the page and flows from column to column until the page is full .

All that statutory reforms have done as yet is to make piecemeal extensions of the remedies afforded to members so that they can be invoked by personal representatives of members .
all that statutory reforms have done as yet is to make piecemeal extensions of the remedies afforded to members so that they can be [caused/called on] by personal representatives of members .

Even though the offence is a relatively minor one , the words remain ‘ strong ’ ones , and the criminal sanction should not be invoked unless its use is really called for .
even though the offence is a relatively minor one , the words remain ‘ strong ’ ones , and the criminal sanction should not be [caused/called on] unless its use is really called for .

Throughout this discussion , therefore , it is important to be aware of the gulf that frequently exists between out-of-date constitutional models and inappropriate concepts ( although these are still sometimes invoked by politicians ) , and the actual practice of policy-making .
throughout this discussion , therefore , it is important to be aware of the gulf that frequently exists between out-of-date constitutional models and inappropriate concepts ( although these are still sometimes [caused/called on] by politicians ) , and the actual practice of policy-making .

The lack of military preparedness of the European democracies and the policy of appeasement left a legacy which has frequently been invoked — for example following Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 .
the lack of military preparedness of the european democracies and the policy of appeasement left a legacy which has frequently been [caused/called on] — for example following iraq 's invasion of kuwait in august 1990 .

The congregation raggedly joined in as he invoked every dark force in the universe .
the congregation raggedly joined in as he [caused/called on] every dark force in the universe .

The legal advice scheme may be invoked for initial advice and assistance , but the litigant who requires the services of a lawyer in civil proceedings must rely on the provisions of the representation element of the legal aid scheme or meet the cost himself or herself .
the legal advice scheme may be [caused/called on] for initial advice and assistance , but the litigant who requires the services of a lawyer in civil proceedings must rely on the provisions of the representation element of the legal aid scheme or meet the cost himself or herself .

Even where informants invoked the ‘ rule ’ of parallel cousin marriage it was mostly as a ‘ second order strategy ’ .
even where informants [caused/called on] the ‘ rule ’ of parallel cousin marriage it was mostly as a ‘ second order strategy ’ .

Failure to state reasons , or adequate reasons , is frequently invoked as a ground of annulment before the European Court ; and as a result there is a substantial amount of case law on the subject .
failure to state reasons , or adequate reasons , is frequently [caused/called on] as a ground of annulment before the european court ; and as a result there is a substantial amount of case law on the subject .

It was this potential distortion of competition that was in particular invoked by the Community institutions when they started to enact environmental and consumer protection legislation during the 1970s .
it was this potential distortion of competition that was in particular [caused/called on] by the community institutions when they started to enact environmental and consumer protection legislation during the 1970s .

’ Yet without such a pledge , how can the ceremony be invoked as justification for a total marital rape exemption ?
’ yet without such a pledge , how can the ceremony be [caused/called on] as justification for a total marital rape exemption ?

The exemption itself was upheld and the Hale rationale invoked .
the exemption itself was upheld and the hale rationale [caused/called on] .

He talked of ‘ the white man 's Christ ’ , invoked to preserve what the white man has got ; and of the ‘ black man 's Christ ’ — the Christ of suffering and sacrifice .
he talked of ‘ the white man 's christ ’ , [caused/called on] to preserve what the white man has got ; and of the ‘ black man 's christ ’ — the christ of suffering and sacrifice .

The conceptual entity Mars is thus invoked into the active discourse model , and remains active throughout the whole of this relatively short text .
the conceptual entity mars is thus [caused/called on] into the active discourse model , and remains active throughout the whole of this relatively short text .

Even if the buyer relies on the seller 's skill or judgment , the implied condition can not be invoked where this reliance is unreasonable .
even if the buyer relies on the seller 's skill or judgment , the implied condition can not be [caused/called on] where this reliance is unreasonable .

This power may be invoked where it would be distressing for the child to sit through certain testimony .
this power may be [caused/called on] where it would be distressing for the child to sit through certain testimony .

The Convention can not be invoked in the English courts to strike down ministerial or bureaucratic actions which imperil free speech : such actions can only be attacked on the very limited `` judicial review `` basis offered by domestic law , ie if they are unreasonable , irrational or perverse .
the convention can not be [caused/called on] in the english courts to strike down ministerial or bureaucratic actions which imperil free speech : such actions can only be attacked on the very limited `` judicial review `` basis offered by domestic law , ie if they are unreasonable , irrational or perverse .

The right of an editor to trial by jury is one reason why this law has not been invoked since 1947 : no government will risk the embarrassment of an acquittal .
the right of an editor to trial by jury is one reason why this law has not been [caused/called on] since 1947 : no government will risk the embarrassment of an acquittal .

Many of the criminal laws which affect the media — official secrets and prevention of terrorism , and most of the laws relating to contempt , reporting restrictions and obscenity — can not be invoked in the criminal courts by anyone except the Attorney-General or the Director of Public Prosecutions ( who works under the Attorney 's superintendence ) .
many of the criminal laws which affect the media — official secrets and prevention of terrorism , and most of the laws relating to contempt , reporting restrictions and obscenity — can not be [caused/called on] in the criminal courts by anyone except the attorney-general or the director of public prosecutions ( who works under the attorney 's superintendence ) .

The law is often invoked by editors , executives or lawyers to support decisions to censor which are taken on other grounds , or instinctively : legal advice of this sort is usually convenient rather than correct .
the law is often [caused/called on] by editors , executives or lawyers to support decisions to censor which are taken on other grounds , or instinctively : legal advice of this sort is usually convenient rather than correct .

Conspiracy to injure `` is another civil wrong which can be invoked against media falsehoods although it requires proof of an agreement where the sole or dominant purpose is to injure the plaintiff .
conspiracy to injure `` is another civil wrong which can be [caused/called on] against media falsehoods although it requires proof of an agreement where the sole or dominant purpose is to injure the plaintiff .

This is probably the most important , and most commonly invoked , defence to actions for defamation .
this is probably the most important , and most commonly [caused/called on] , defence to actions for defamation .

Criminal libel is an ancient offence which is now unlikely to be invoked against the media by prosecuting authorities : the Law Commission has recommended its abolition , and one Law Lord has further pointed out that its scope conflicts with the European Convention on Human Rights .
criminal libel is an ancient offence which is now unlikely to be [caused/called on] against the media by prosecuting authorities : the law commission has recommended its abolition , and one law lord has further pointed out that its scope conflicts with the european convention on human rights .

However , there have been two modern instances in which it has been invoked by private individuals as part of a vendetta against their journalist-tormentors .
however , there have been two modern instances in which it has been [caused/called on] by private individuals as part of a vendetta against their journalist-tormentors .

’ On the other hand , they ‘ more often allowed appeals which turned on practical appeal considerations lacking firm local policy coverage , but in which national policies were invoked in favour of the appellant ’ .
’ on the other hand , they ‘ more often allowed appeals which turned on practical appeal considerations lacking firm local policy coverage , but in which national policies were [caused/called on] in favour of the appellant ’ .

This is different from the general position in relation to planning permission where an offence arises only after the enforcement procedure has been invoked .
this is different from the general position in relation to planning permission where an offence arises only after the enforcement procedure has been [caused/called on] .

Of course , these are not necessarily easier to interpret — techniques such as conditional sampling ( Section 19.6 ) may again be invoked — but they can illuminate different aspects .
of course , these are not necessarily easier to interpret — techniques such as conditional sampling ( section 19.6 ) may again be [caused/called on] — but they can illuminate different aspects .

Secondly , the unique position of the sole practitioner in the network of legal services countrywide was often invoked to dampen enthusiasm for the imposition of restrictions on sole practice that might undermine its commercial viability .
secondly , the unique position of the sole practitioner in the network of legal services countrywide was often [caused/called on] to dampen enthusiasm for the imposition of restrictions on sole practice that might undermine its commercial viability .

The section is invoked under Ord 13 , r 7 ( 1 ) which applies the Rules of the Supreme Court .
the section is [caused/called on] under ord 13 , r 7 ( 1 ) which applies the rules of the supreme court .

By s12 of the Solicitors Act , the Law Society is given discretion to grant or refuse an application for a practising certificate in the following cases : ( 1 ) a first application ; ( 2 ) an application by a solicitor who has never held an unconditional certificate since admission ; ( 3 ) where 12 months or more will have elapsed since a practising certificate was last held ; ( 4 ) after the disciplinary tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs against the applicant or delivered a reprimand ; ( 5 ) after failure by the applicant to offer sufficient explanation for his or her professional conduct after being called upon so to do ; ( 6 ) after failure to deliver an accountant 's report in due time ( and an additional fee will be payable if the discretion is not invoked to refuse the application ) ; ( 7 ) after the expiry of a period of suspension ; ( 8 ) after the name of the applicant who has been struck off is restored to the roll ; ( 9 ) while the applicant is an undischarged bankrupt ; ( 10 ) after the applicant 's discharge from bankruptcy or after the applicant has entered into a composition or deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors ; ( 11 ) while the applicant is a patient as defined by s94 of the Mental Health Act 1983 or a person as to whom powers have been exercised under s104 of the Mental Health Act 1959 or s98 of the 1983 Act ; ( 12 ) where the applicant has received a sentence of imprisonment ; ( 13 ) where the applicant has failed to satisfy a money judgment against him or her which is not a judgment limited to costs and which is not a judgment in respect of which indemnity or relief from some other person is available .
by s12 of the solicitors act , the law society is given discretion to grant or refuse an application for a practising certificate in the following cases : ( 1 ) a first application ; ( 2 ) an application by a solicitor who has never held an unconditional certificate since admission ; ( 3 ) where 12 months or more will have elapsed since a practising certificate was last held ; ( 4 ) after the disciplinary tribunal has ordered a penalty or costs against the applicant or delivered a reprimand ; ( 5 ) after failure by the applicant to offer sufficient explanation for his or her professional conduct after being called upon so to do ; ( 6 ) after failure to deliver an accountant 's report in due time ( and an additional fee will be payable if the discretion is not [caused/called on] to refuse the application ) ; ( 7 ) after the expiry of a period of suspension ; ( 8 ) after the name of the applicant who has been struck off is restored to the roll ; ( 9 ) while the applicant is an undischarged bankrupt ; ( 10 ) after the applicant 's discharge from bankruptcy or after the applicant has entered into a composition or deed of arrangement for the benefit of his creditors ; ( 11 ) while the applicant is a patient as defined by s94 of the mental health act 1983 or a person as to whom powers have been exercised under s104 of the mental health act 1959 or s98 of the 1983 act ; ( 12 ) where the applicant has received a sentence of imprisonment ; ( 13 ) where the applicant has failed to satisfy a money judgment against him or her which is not a judgment limited to costs and which is not a judgment in respect of which indemnity or relief from some other person is available .

The World Bank has invoked environmental as well as economic reasons for its refusal to fund a massive drainage project planned for central Venezeula , which conservationists warn will have disastrous environmental consequences .
the world bank has [caused/called on] environmental as well as economic reasons for its refusal to fund a massive drainage project planned for central venezeula , which conservationists warn will have disastrous environmental consequences .

Peaceful direct action by Greenpeace has invoked the power of public opinion which in turn has forced changes in the law to protect wildlife and to stop the pollution of the natural world .
peaceful direct action by greenpeace has [caused/called on] the power of public opinion which in turn has forced changes in the law to protect wildlife and to stop the pollution of the natural world .

God is called ‘ Father ’ 170 times by Jesus in the gospels , and in his prayers never invoked by any other name .
god is called ‘ father ’ 170 times by jesus in the gospels , and in his prayers never [caused/called on] by any other name .

They consisted of a historical introduction , a list of stipulations , curses and blessings invoked on the parties , a solemn oath and a religious ceremony to ratify the covenant .
they consisted of a historical introduction , a list of stipulations , curses and blessings [caused/called on] on the parties , a solemn oath and a religious ceremony to ratify the covenant .

Errors on less , in other words , are probably attributable , in part or even entirely , to a non-linguistic strategy of choosing the greater amount , a strategy typically invoked when children are unsure of the response required .
errors on less , in other words , are probably attributable , in part or even entirely , to a non-linguistic strategy of choosing the greater amount , a strategy typically [caused/called on] when children are unsure of the response required .

It is not hard to see how the two positions may be invoked in support of very different views on how children should learn to read .
it is not hard to see how the two positions may be [caused/called on] in support of very different views on how children should learn to read .

This was the main text invoked by those who opposed the concentration of ownership .
this was the main text [caused/called on] by those who opposed the concentration of ownership .

The market is the mechanism which has traditionally been invoked to limit , control and thereby legitimate private power , whereas the mechanism by which it has been sought to control and justify the exercise of public power has traditionally been the ideal of the Rule of Law .
the market is the mechanism which has traditionally been [caused/called on] to limit , control and thereby legitimate private power , whereas the mechanism by which it has been sought to control and justify the exercise of public power has traditionally been the ideal of the rule of law .

quasi-contract ) and indeed was even invoked to explain the nature of the state itself .
quasi-contract ) and indeed was even [caused/called on] to explain the nature of the state itself .

The duty of loyalty has generally been invoked to prevent directors from having a personal financial interest in a decision , whilst the duty to act not for any improper purpose has sometimes been invoked to rule out decisions where directors have some other sort of personal but not directly financial interest in the decision .
the duty of loyalty has generally been [caused/called on] to prevent directors from having a personal financial interest in a decision , whilst the duty to act not for any improper purpose has sometimes been [caused/called on] to rule out decisions where directors have some other sort of personal but not directly financial interest in the decision .

In other words one of the traditional defences of private property which states that an optimal allocation of resources results from owners ( who it is assumed control their property ) pursuing their own self-interest could be invoked to justify insisting that the company was run in the interests of the shareholders alone .
in other words one of the traditional defences of private property which states that an optimal allocation of resources results from owners ( who it is assumed control their property ) pursuing their own self-interest could be [caused/called on] to justify insisting that the company was run in the interests of the shareholders alone .

There has been a strong movement in favour of delegalization and privatization of family and personal matters ; but when moral panic breaks out law continues to be invoked as ‘ binding on everyone in society , whatever their beliefs … the embodiment of a common moral position ’ , despite the recognition that ‘ in our pluralistic society it is not to be expected that any one set of principles can be enunciated to be completely accepted by everyone .
there has been a strong movement in favour of delegalization and privatization of family and personal matters ; but when moral panic breaks out law continues to be [caused/called on] as ‘ binding on everyone in society , whatever their beliefs … the embodiment of a common moral position ’ , despite the recognition that ‘ in our pluralistic society it is not to be expected that any one set of principles can be enunciated to be completely accepted by everyone .

If middle-class moralities invoked peculiar anxieties , the development of a huge working class throughout the nineteenth century posed immense moral problems of its own .
if middle-class moralities [caused/called on] peculiar anxieties , the development of a huge working class throughout the nineteenth century posed immense moral problems of its own .

They offered some credence to the contemporaneous growth in anti-semitism : limited and localized though this was , Jewish migrants were criticized and condemned in very similar terms to those later invoked against post-Second World War black immigrants , and which in the nineteenth century had been raised against the Irish .
they offered some credence to the contemporaneous growth in anti-semitism : limited and localized though this was , jewish migrants were criticized and condemned in very similar terms to those later [caused/called on] against post-second world war black immigrants , and which in the nineteenth century had been raised against the irish .

The practice of special juries was discontinued , but nineteenth-century English and Empire Courts invoked trade customs on the basis of implied contract .
the practice of special juries was discontinued , but nineteenth-century english and empire courts [caused/called on] trade customs on the basis of implied contract .

When the Scottish physicist David Brewster protested against Lyell s principle of uniformity , he invoked biblical considerations to justify an alternative methodology .
when the scottish physicist david brewster protested against lyell s principle of uniformity , he [caused/called on] biblical considerations to justify an alternative methodology .

The arguments invoked by Oresme to spin the earth had an integrity of their own .
the arguments [caused/called on] by oresme to spin the earth had an integrity of their own .

The critical point is that religious beliefs were often invoked to sharpen an attack on the more extravagant features of an enchanted universe .
the critical point is that religious beliefs were often [caused/called on] to sharpen an attack on the more extravagant features of an enchanted universe .

The following should then be invoked :
the following should then be [caused/called on] :

The following should then be invoked :
the following should then be [caused/called on] :

However , from a computer resource management viewpoint they are two procedures and when both are invoked b ) must be queued behind a ) .
however , from a computer resource management viewpoint they are two procedures and when both are [caused/called on] b ) must be queued behind a ) .

( p. 247 ) Hotman invoked a conjectural past to challenge the hereditary principle and assert the right of the people to choose their rulers , even though the issue of tyranny might not arise .
( p. 247 ) hotman [caused/called on] a conjectural past to challenge the hereditary principle and assert the right of the people to choose their rulers , even though the issue of tyranny might not arise .

The principle of the mandate is still invoked , of course , but in relation to parties rather than individual representatives .
the principle of the mandate is still [caused/called on] , of course , but in relation to parties rather than individual representatives .

The notion that `` one hour 's sleep before midnight is worth two afterwards `` has perennially been invoked to put children to bed early ( although only 10 per cent of the survey sample believed it to be true ) .
the notion that `` one hour 's sleep before midnight is worth two afterwards `` has perennially been [caused/called on] to put children to bed early ( although only 10 per cent of the survey sample believed it to be true ) .

Thus , given liberty and the opportunity to cope realistically with the problem of getting enough to eat the dream process was no longer invoked .
thus , given liberty and the opportunity to cope realistically with the problem of getting enough to eat the dream process was no longer [caused/called on] .

The dream process , not perhaps surprisingly , appears to be invoked in response to the meaning of hunger , rather than the level of deprivation in itself .
the dream process , not perhaps surprisingly , appears to be [caused/called on] in response to the meaning of hunger , rather than the level of deprivation in itself .

Lapse Theory can be invoked to explain all the results described above , but it remains unclear whether the lapses in attention induced by lowered arousal are the only important symptoms of sleep loss .
lapse theory can be [caused/called on] to explain all the results described above , but it remains unclear whether the lapses in attention induced by lowered arousal are the only important symptoms of sleep loss .

Different timescales were invoked in order to delineate this sensed deterioration .
different timescales were [caused/called on] in order to delineate this sensed deterioration .

Why should the same multitude who invoked blessings on the son of David rejoice in seeing him mortified and humiliated by the hated Roman oppressors ?
why should the same multitude who [caused/called on] blessings on the son of david rejoice in seeing him mortified and humiliated by the hated roman oppressors ?

This provision does not appear to have been formally invoked but it may prove of particular assistance in some federal systems where there can be constitutional problems in appropriating funds for these expenses .
this provision does not appear to have been formally [caused/called on] but it may prove of particular assistance in some federal systems where there can be constitutional problems in appropriating funds for these expenses .

Certain States in fact claim reimbursement of high fees and daily allowances and travel costs of witnesses who have to travel long distances , although these costs should normally be borne by the requested State , unless Article 26 can be invoked .
certain states in fact claim reimbursement of high fees and daily allowances and travel costs of witnesses who have to travel long distances , although these costs should normally be borne by the requested state , unless article 26 can be [caused/called on] .

When describing what health means to them personally a different set of explanatory frameworks appear to be invoked ( Table 6.2 ) .
when describing what health means to them personally a different set of explanatory frameworks appear to be [caused/called on] ( table 6.2 ) .

People are not only responsible for something , they are responsible to God , other individuals , society or themselves , and this latter Kantian notion is derived from the primary social context in which it makes sense for the concept of responsibility to be invoked .
people are not only responsible for something , they are responsible to god , other individuals , society or themselves , and this latter kantian notion is derived from the primary social context in which it makes sense for the concept of responsibility to be [caused/called on] .

It is invoked as an instance of those communities ' internal solidarity .
it is [caused/called on] as an instance of those communities ' internal solidarity .

The techniques for handing , displaying , interpreting , transferring and reformulating information already introduced at the previous levels will be invoked for more advanced tasks .
the techniques for handing , displaying , interpreting , transferring and reformulating information already introduced at the previous levels will be [caused/called on] for more advanced tasks .

It is curious that the literature on political business cycles is widely invoked , even though there is little evidence for the existence of such cycles . ( Alt and Chrystal , 1983 , p. 103 ) whereas Schneider and Frey comment :
it is curious that the literature on political business cycles is widely [caused/called on] , even though there is little evidence for the existence of such cycles . ( alt and chrystal , 1983 , p. 103 ) whereas schneider and frey comment :

Check that the user access file used to set up the necessary logical name has been invoked .
check that the user access file used to set up the necessary logical name has been [caused/called on] .

The government on June 5 , 1990 , invoked state of emergency legislation [ see p. 37175 for renewal of state of emergency in January 1990 ] on June 5 , banning strikes in essential services in order to break a two-week strike by non-graduate teachers which had closed virtually all state-run schools , and in response to mounting industrial unrest over pay levels in the public sector .
the government on june 5 , 1990 , [caused/called on] state of emergency legislation [ see p. 37175 for renewal of state of emergency in january 1990 ] on june 5 , banning strikes in essential services in order to break a two-week strike by non-graduate teachers which had closed virtually all state-run schools , and in response to mounting industrial unrest over pay levels in the public sector .

The commission 's five magistrates nevertheless openly criticized the amnesty law which they invoked in their ruling [ see also below ] .
the commission 's five magistrates nevertheless openly criticized the amnesty law which they [caused/called on] in their ruling [ see also below ] .

Reagan refused to abide by the ruling and on Feb. 5 , the deadline for the release of the diaries , the former President invoked executive privilege — the principle that a President 's communications should remain confidential .
reagan refused to abide by the ruling and on feb. 5 , the deadline for the release of the diaries , the former president [caused/called on] executive privilege — the principle that a president 's communications should remain confidential .

In most religious traditions the concept of `` God `` is invoked as the name for that Mystery which is at the heart of religion ( see Chapters 5 and 8 ) .
in most religious traditions the concept of `` god `` is [caused/called on] as the name for that mystery which is at the heart of religion ( see chapters 5 and 8 ) .

In contrast , government Whigs can be found defending the prerogative rights of the Crown — notably vis-à-vis the Church in the Convocation controversy , but also on a number of other issues — and in so doing invoked a vision of England 's feudal past similar to that employed by Tories during the Exclusion Crisis .
in contrast , government whigs can be found defending the prerogative rights of the crown — notably vis-à-vis the church in the convocation controversy , but also on a number of other issues — and in so doing [caused/called on] a vision of england 's feudal past similar to that employed by tories during the exclusion crisis .

They could be invoked to illustrate an argument , but they did not present a practical problem of social and political relationship .
they could be [caused/called on] to illustrate an argument , but they did not present a practical problem of social and political relationship .

What happens if one firm refuses to sign a report ? Is the dispute resolution procedure invoked ?
what happens if one firm refuses to sign a report ? is the dispute resolution procedure [caused/called on] ?

As Balinese ethnography has often been invoked , with questionable accuracy , in recent theoretical argument , the research aims to contribute both to this discussion and to our more general understanding of the effects of development and of incorporation within a new nation state on indigenous populations .
as balinese ethnography has often been [caused/called on] , with questionable accuracy , in recent theoretical argument , the research aims to contribute both to this discussion and to our more general understanding of the effects of development and of incorporation within a new nation state on indigenous populations .

But Down ? If the Trade Descriptions Act had been invoked , they could have found themselves in trouble .
but down ? if the trade descriptions act had been [caused/called on] , they could have found themselves in trouble .

Instead it is an add-in which once attached can be invoked by pressing Shift and a function key .
instead it is an add-in which once attached can be [caused/called on] by pressing shift and a function key .

In Roman art or in an 18th century Temple of Worthies ( such as the one at Stowe ) the rules of rhetoric might be invoked to argue that the bust functions as synecdoche , the head standing in for the whole physical and active domain of the body .
in roman art or in an 18th century temple of worthies ( such as the one at stowe ) the rules of rhetoric might be [caused/called on] to argue that the bust functions as synecdoche , the head standing in for the whole physical and active domain of the body .

Thus , for example , if the picture improver had been invoked , then the improved picture could be displayed , or the unimproved picture , or the changes made by the improver .
thus , for example , if the picture improver had been [caused/called on] , then the improved picture could be displayed , or the unimproved picture , or the changes made by the improver .

It is an all-purpose complaint , one that can be invoked by a frustrated middle class to express its dashed expectations in the wake of Brazil 's decanonized ‘ Economic Miracle ’ , by the urban working class to express their condition of relative powerlessness , and by an impoverished class of displaced sugar-cane cutters and their families to express their hunger .
it is an all-purpose complaint , one that can be [caused/called on] by a frustrated middle class to express its dashed expectations in the wake of brazil 's decanonized ‘ economic miracle ’ , by the urban working class to express their condition of relative powerlessness , and by an impoverished class of displaced sugar-cane cutters and their families to express their hunger .

Our experimental findings show how the subjects were working through these : in the first repetition , ( a ) was attempted rather amateurishly and ( b ) invoked by relatively few ; in the second repetition , many were beginning to apply ( a ) successively ( many put output in period eight equal to 250 which is where marginal cost equals expected price ) , many more were applying ( b ) and a sizeable number ( enough to effect our regression and probit results ) were invoking both ( c ) and ( d ) , though understandably the ( c ) effects were more pronounced .
our experimental findings show how the subjects were working through these : in the first repetition , ( a ) was attempted rather amateurishly and ( b ) [caused/called on] by relatively few ; in the second repetition , many were beginning to apply ( a ) successively ( many put output in period eight equal to 250 which is where marginal cost equals expected price ) , many more were applying ( b ) and a sizeable number ( enough to effect our regression and probit results ) were invoking both ( c ) and ( d ) , though understandably the ( c ) effects were more pronounced .

This is also what Brooks sees in Keats 's poetry in his analysis of ‘ Ode to a Grecian Urn ’ , though here the motion of paradox rather than irony is invoked ( 1949 : 139 — 52 ) .
this is also what brooks sees in keats 's poetry in his analysis of ‘ ode to a grecian urn ’ , though here the motion of paradox rather than irony is [caused/called on] ( 1949 : 139 — 52 ) .

This makes sense : war and politics were perceived by lay participants as subject to supernatural interventions that could be magically invoked as well as interpreted — hence the important role of churchmen and their rituals in these areas of public contestation and conflict , for instance in not just the retrospective presentation but the preliminary `` staging `` of battles as Judgements of God .
this makes sense : war and politics were perceived by lay participants as subject to supernatural interventions that could be magically [caused/called on] as well as interpreted — hence the important role of churchmen and their rituals in these areas of public contestation and conflict , for instance in not just the retrospective presentation but the preliminary `` staging `` of battles as judgements of god .

Charles and his contemporaries did not appeal for authority to individual judgement or experience : instead they invoked shared role-models and peer-group pressure .
charles and his contemporaries did not appeal for authority to individual judgement or experience : instead they [caused/called on] shared role-models and peer-group pressure .

Ninth-century writers when they wanted a metaphor ( and a paradigm ) for the system at work invoked the familia : the patriarchal household , the big house ( as Dhuoda called it ) : — the palace .
ninth-century writers when they wanted a metaphor ( and a paradigm ) for the system at work [caused/called on] the familia : the patriarchal household , the big house ( as dhuoda called it ) : — the palace .

From then until Franco 's death in 1975 , it was no longer simply the victory in the Civil War that was invoked as the basis for Franco 's right to rule , but his role as the provider of material wealth and prosperity .
from then until franco 's death in 1975 , it was no longer simply the victory in the civil war that was [caused/called on] as the basis for franco 's right to rule , but his role as the provider of material wealth and prosperity .

Such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .
such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs [caused/called on] by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .

The kind of theory invoked by latent structure analysis was basically socio-psychological and cultural .
the kind of theory [caused/called on] by latent structure analysis was basically socio-psychological and cultural .

Nevertheless , Nichols 's allegations received widespread media coverage , and invoked echoes of the 1987 destruction of the candidacy of Gary Hart amid similar allegations [ see p. 35246 ] .
nevertheless , nichols 's allegations received widespread media coverage , and [caused/called on] echoes of the 1987 destruction of the candidacy of gary hart amid similar allegations [ see p. 35246 ] .

This was only the fourth time that this legislation had been invoked .
this was only the fourth time that this legislation had been [caused/called on] .

This proposal , made by four Andean Pact countries — Venezuela , Colombia , Peru and Bolivia — invoked the Betancourt Doctrine ( named after the former Venezuelan president ) .
this proposal , made by four andean pact countries — venezuela , colombia , peru and bolivia — [caused/called on] the betancourt doctrine ( named after the former venezuelan president ) .

Under the existing law , helping someone to die was a criminal offence punishable by up to 12 years ' imprisonment , but this had rarely been invoked in recent years amid great public debate and controversy on the ethics and possible modalities of euthanasia .
under the existing law , helping someone to die was a criminal offence punishable by up to 12 years ' imprisonment , but this had rarely been [caused/called on] in recent years amid great public debate and controversy on the ethics and possible modalities of euthanasia .

For Article 86 to be invoked there has to be an effect upon trade , for it is not dominance itself that is contrary to Article 86 , but the abuse of that dominance .
for article 86 to be [caused/called on] there has to be an effect upon trade , for it is not dominance itself that is contrary to article 86 , but the abuse of that dominance .

Objectives differed , but `` Ludd `` as leader of the `` army of redressers `` was invoked in each case .
objectives differed , but `` ludd `` as leader of the `` army of redressers `` was [caused/called on] in each case .

At the beginning of 1812 the first attacks on shearing frames by the Yorkshire croppers began . " Ludd " was again invoked , but so too was a new name , " Enoch " , the huge hammer of destruction named , ironically , after the firm of Enoch and James Taylor who made both the shearing frames and the sledges which broke them !
at the beginning of 1812 the first attacks on shearing frames by the yorkshire croppers began . " ludd " was again [caused/called on] , but so too was a new name , " enoch " , the huge hammer of destruction named , ironically , after the firm of enoch and james taylor who made both the shearing frames and the sledges which broke them !

Once again the name of Ludd was invoked and there were rumours of links with Notting-ham .
once again the name of ludd was [caused/called on] and there were rumours of links with notting-ham .

In other words , the sentence with to asserts drop as a fact and perception is invoked merely as the means which has brought one to the knowledge of this fact : perception took place ; therefore the dropping can be inferred and asserted .
in other words , the sentence with to asserts drop as a fact and perception is [caused/called on] merely as the means which has brought one to the knowledge of this fact : perception took place ; therefore the dropping can be inferred and asserted .

One observes that the only difference between these verbs and know lies in the type of condition invoked as allowing one to represent the person or thing denoted by the direct object as being in the state denoted by the infinitive : knowledge vs belief or opinion .
one observes that the only difference between these verbs and know lies in the type of condition [caused/called on] as allowing one to represent the person or thing denoted by the direct object as being in the state denoted by the infinitive : knowledge vs belief or opinion .

Its chief heterodoxy , ironically enough , was the large theory of Greek cultural development invoked to explain the mystery ; ironically , because the view of Greek culture actually advanced was based — with explicit acknowledgement — on ideas familiar to all classical scholars and accepted by them without demur , but accepted only as a purely historical phenomenon .
its chief heterodoxy , ironically enough , was the large theory of greek cultural development [caused/called on] to explain the mystery ; ironically , because the view of greek culture actually advanced was based — with explicit acknowledgement — on ideas familiar to all classical scholars and accepted by them without demur , but accepted only as a purely historical phenomenon .

If a relatively simple redesign of an existing product is to be carried out it will start in the appropriate box , for example that labelled design and development , and that labelled prototype/testing may or may not be invoked , depending on the confidence level that the task can be successfully carried out .
if a relatively simple redesign of an existing product is to be carried out it will start in the appropriate box , for example that labelled design and development , and that labelled prototype/testing may or may not be [caused/called on] , depending on the confidence level that the task can be successfully carried out .

Forty years on , there is , at best , a consensus of boredom with the virulent attacks against allegedly renascent fascism , and the endlessly invoked Achievements .
forty years on , there is , at best , a consensus of boredom with the virulent attacks against allegedly renascent fascism , and the endlessly [caused/called on] achievements .

Now , it was invoked for a religious purpose .
now , it was [caused/called on] for a religious purpose .

By approximating √3 to 1.75 , the magic number 7 could be invoked .
by approximating √3 to 1.75 , the magic number 7 could be [caused/called on] .

It was also the first occasion on which the bishop of Rome is known to have invoked the text of Matthew 16 : 18 to justify his primatial jurisdiction .
it was also the first occasion on which the bishop of rome is known to have [caused/called on] the text of matthew 16 : 18 to justify his primatial jurisdiction .

Before a battle where the odds were much against him , Constantine successfully invoked the aid of the God of the Christians .
before a battle where the odds were much against him , constantine successfully [caused/called on] the aid of the god of the christians .

His name could , indeed , be invoked through the medieval centuries to reinforce the exaltation of virginity at the expense of marriage and to curtail the role of sexuality even within Christian marriage .
his name could , indeed , be [caused/called on] through the medieval centuries to reinforce the exaltation of virginity at the expense of marriage and to curtail the role of sexuality even within christian marriage .

He complained at length about a Gallic bishop called Aldebert , who held services at springs and groves instead of in properly consecrated churches , spurned the established saints ' cults by distributing his own finger-nails as saintly relics , and invoked the names of archangels which were not to be found in the Bible .
he complained at length about a gallic bishop called aldebert , who held services at springs and groves instead of in properly consecrated churches , spurned the established saints ' cults by distributing his own finger-nails as saintly relics , and [caused/called on] the names of archangels which were not to be found in the bible .

Sometimes the links were remote or fictitious ; but Salah Muhammad invoked them to explain why these particular men should trust him , and he based his approach to them in part on common descent and kinship .
sometimes the links were remote or fictitious ; but salah muhammad [caused/called on] them to explain why these particular men should trust him , and he based his approach to them in part on common descent and kinship .

That is invoked in other contexts : if a Faraj is attacked by members of Fahmi , they should unite as Ibrahims , and indeed a Faraj would expect the support of the Fadhils in those circumstances .
that is [caused/called on] in other contexts : if a faraj is attacked by members of fahmi , they should unite as ibrahims , and indeed a faraj would expect the support of the fadhils in those circumstances .

Contingency plans were laid in London and Aden to intervene if the ruler of Kuwait invoked Britain 's commitment to go to his assistance .
contingency plans were laid in london and aden to intervene if the ruler of kuwait [caused/called on] britain 's commitment to go to his assistance .

To say nothing of the fact that ‘ charity ’ should not have been invoked in this issue , the fact was that the excruciating passion levels broke all records on this outing , bust all guts .
to say nothing of the fact that ‘ charity ’ should not have been [caused/called on] in this issue , the fact was that the excruciating passion levels broke all records on this outing , bust all guts .

When the Soviet parliament invoked emergency laws to postpone the strike for two months , the union refused to call it off — in effect , daring the government to end it by force .
when the soviet parliament [caused/called on] emergency laws to postpone the strike for two months , the union refused to call it off — in effect , daring the government to end it by force .

If free speech is to mean anything as a principle upon which democracy is based , it must be invoked regardless .
if free speech is to mean anything as a principle upon which democracy is based , it must be [caused/called on] regardless .

Although inflation was invoked to make the universe smooth , it can provide a certain degree of clumpiness .
although inflation was [caused/called on] to make the universe smooth , it can provide a certain degree of clumpiness .

No less an eminence than Lord Whitelaw echoed the loyalists ' warnings when he invoked an old Willie-ism in appealing for ‘ a stirring up of apathy as far as gossip , rumour and internal intrigue are concerned .
no less an eminence than lord whitelaw echoed the loyalists ' warnings when he [caused/called on] an old willie-ism in appealing for ‘ a stirring up of apathy as far as gossip , rumour and internal intrigue are concerned .

Some experts maintain that these molluscs were able to swim in the open ocean , or that they were attached to floating seaweed : some such mechanism has to be invoked to explain how these bivalves came into an environment that lacked bottom-living animals .
some experts maintain that these molluscs were able to swim in the open ocean , or that they were attached to floating seaweed : some such mechanism has to be [caused/called on] to explain how these bivalves came into an environment that lacked bottom-living animals .

The Luxembourg treaty invoked the so-called ‘ principle ’ of subsidiarity , as discussed in Chapter Six .
the luxembourg treaty [caused/called on] the so-called ‘ principle ’ of subsidiarity , as discussed in chapter six .

Notions of ritual celebration can also be invoked to override the effect of a person 's lack of respect towards the police .
notions of ritual celebration can also be [caused/called on] to override the effect of a person 's lack of respect towards the police .

In both cases , democracy is invoked .
in both cases , democracy is [caused/called on] .

From 1985 , it has been continually invoked by Paisley and Peter Robinson in their attempt to subvert the Anglo-Irish accord .
from 1985 , it has been continually [caused/called on] by paisley and peter robinson in their attempt to subvert the anglo-irish accord .

thesis , and although apparently not very controversial , it invoked such extreme measures simply to ensure it remained under wraps .
thesis , and although apparently not very controversial , it [caused/called on] such extreme measures simply to ensure it remained under wraps .

Both phrases have been much invoked in recent weeks as in : ‘ Mulroney has driven the Last Spike into our National Dream .
both phrases have been much [caused/called on] in recent weeks as in : ‘ mulroney has driven the last spike into our national dream .

In short , professional regulation for a rough trade aspiring to become a profession ( with the professional responsibilities invoked above ) .
in short , professional regulation for a rough trade aspiring to become a profession ( with the professional responsibilities [caused/called on] above ) .

As in The Rock , these are invoked in one of the most bitter moments , with the parody-hymn not unlike a ferocious music-hall song as the chorus of knights sings
as in the rock , these are [caused/called on] in one of the most bitter moments , with the parody-hymn not unlike a ferocious music-hall song as the chorus of knights sings

Over time she has retained her ideological commitment , and the shortcomings as well as the successes of her government record are invoked by her as reasons to press on with the original strategy .
over time she has retained her ideological commitment , and the shortcomings as well as the successes of her government record are [caused/called on] by her as reasons to press on with the original strategy .

The oppositions invoked in these descriptions — the substantial versus the insubstantial , depth versus shallowness — are just the ones Wilde inverted and subverted .
the oppositions [caused/called on] in these descriptions — the substantial versus the insubstantial , depth versus shallowness — are just the ones wilde inverted and subverted .

In the terms of the binaries invoked , and reinstalled rightway-around , he should have been perceived as only shallow , specious , ineffectual .
in the terms of the binaries [caused/called on] , and reinstalled rightway-around , he should have been perceived as only shallow , specious , ineffectual .

But again , what is often left out of such accounts of the unconscious , even as it is invoked as the prime destabilizer , is the importance of the perversions in precisely this respect : Freud insisted that what is operative from within the unconscious , producing this very instability , is repressed perversion .
but again , what is often left out of such accounts of the unconscious , even as it is [caused/called on] as the prime destabilizer , is the importance of the perversions in precisely this respect : freud insisted that what is operative from within the unconscious , producing this very instability , is repressed perversion .

Both in his sternness and in his generosity , Davie is strongly reminiscent of a much earlier writer , whose name is invoked towards the end of Under Briggflatts .
both in his sternness and in his generosity , davie is strongly reminiscent of a much earlier writer , whose name is [caused/called on] towards the end of under briggflatts .

For example , it appears that frequencies of 9–36 GHz belong to the radio-frequency region of the spectrum whereas radar is invoked but microwaves are not mentioned in this context .
for example , it appears that frequencies of 9–36 ghz belong to the radio-frequency region of the spectrum whereas radar is [caused/called on] but microwaves are not mentioned in this context .

The legal process , when invoked , has to be speeded up in the interests of the child .
the legal process , when [caused/called on] , has to be speeded up in the interests of the child .

The recourse to social control measures has been entirely removed from this Act and can now be invoked only under general statute that regulates powers to suspend individual rights ( Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch .
the recourse to social control measures has been entirely removed from this act and can now be [caused/called on] only under general statute that regulates powers to suspend individual rights ( bürgerliches gesetzbuch .

Any sense of importance this might have invoked was quelled by pure funk — in Hoomey 's case , at least — of what lay ahead .
any sense of importance this might have [caused/called on] was quelled by pure funk — in hoomey 's case , at least — of what lay ahead .

The general muddle was discussed in Chapter 6.2 ( c ) above : in principle , a person whose conduct was caused by mental disorder should not be liable to criminal conviction , but in practice the narrow and antiquated defence of insanity is rarely invoked in England ( a handful of cases each year ) , and the courts normally proceed to conviction and then select a medical disposal where appropriate .
the general muddle was discussed in chapter 6.2 ( c ) above : in principle , a person whose conduct was caused by mental disorder should not be liable to criminal conviction , but in practice the narrow and antiquated defence of insanity is rarely [caused/called on] in england ( a handful of cases each year ) , and the courts normally proceed to conviction and then select a medical disposal where appropriate .

The article even invoked the views of John Maynard Keynes as evidence of the foolishness of the government 's approach .
the article even [caused/called on] the views of john maynard keynes as evidence of the foolishness of the government 's approach .

At a more sophisticated level , computerised methods of a technique known as discriminant analysis can be invoked .
at a more sophisticated level , computerised methods of a technique known as discriminant analysis can be [caused/called on] .

Palestine was invoked repeatedly in regional struggles , in the first decade after 1945 , between Arab nationalists and the Hashemites in their competition to control the Fertile Crescent , and in the competition between Iraq and Egypt for political leadership of the Arab world .
palestine was [caused/called on] repeatedly in regional struggles , in the first decade after 1945 , between arab nationalists and the hashemites in their competition to control the fertile crescent , and in the competition between iraq and egypt for political leadership of the arab world .

Users fell basically into two groups : there were the milder peace-loving ‘ Smile on your brother ’ types , whose philosophy was invoked by Jefferson Airplane 's hit record using that phrase , or the far more violent set who were emerging with hard rock and the free-as-the-wind Hell 's Angels , the unkempt , unwashed , tough and brutal rabble who were the built-in bad guys of the counter-culture ; they made the gangs in Rebel Without a Cause and Brando 's The Wild One look like a Sunday school gathering .
users fell basically into two groups : there were the milder peace-loving ‘ smile on your brother ’ types , whose philosophy was [caused/called on] by jefferson airplane 's hit record using that phrase , or the far more violent set who were emerging with hard rock and the free-as-the-wind hell 's angels , the unkempt , unwashed , tough and brutal rabble who were the built-in bad guys of the counter-culture ; they made the gangs in rebel without a cause and brando 's the wild one look like a sunday school gathering .

Kraemer and Roberts ( 1984 ) ( see also Kraemer and Ossenkopp 1986 ; Kraemer , Hoggman , and Spear 1988 ) have invoked results from a rather different experimental procedure in seeking support for the retrieval-failure account of latent inhibition .
kraemer and roberts ( 1984 ) ( see also kraemer and ossenkopp 1986 ; kraemer , hoggman , and spear 1988 ) have [caused/called on] results from a rather different experimental procedure in seeking support for the retrieval-failure account of latent inhibition .

Three weeks after the Tory campaign opened with a film of Mr Major 's journey back to his south London roots , he again invoked the ‘ Brixton to Downing Street ’ theme in an emotional peroration .
three weeks after the tory campaign opened with a film of mr major 's journey back to his south london roots , he again [caused/called on] the ‘ brixton to downing street ’ theme in an emotional peroration .

And yet , as may be seen from the cardinal importance he attaches to a Herodotean term like the peri - plus , Pound can be invoked by poets for whom the natural subjectmatter is topographical rather than historical , or at any rate historical only so far as history is checked against , and embodied in , and qualified by , topography .
and yet , as may be seen from the cardinal importance he attaches to a herodotean term like the peri - plus , pound can be [caused/called on] by poets for whom the natural subjectmatter is topographical rather than historical , or at any rate historical only so far as history is checked against , and embodied in , and qualified by , topography .

Abstract and remote though the contents of Blast might be , the establishment had bared its fangs and invoked its ultimate weapon , the boycott .
abstract and remote though the contents of blast might be , the establishment had bared its fangs and [caused/called on] its ultimate weapon , the boycott .

The idea of ‘ revolution ’ can set the pulses racing , for a time at least , and in 1980 it was invoked by Catherine Belsey : ‘ Only by closing the doors of the English department against theoretical challenges from outside can we continue to ignore the ‘ Copernican ' ’ revolution which is currently taking place , and which is radically undermining traditional ways of perceiving both the world and the text .
the idea of ‘ revolution ’ can set the pulses racing , for a time at least , and in 1980 it was [caused/called on] by catherine belsey : ‘ only by closing the doors of the english department against theoretical challenges from outside can we continue to ignore the ‘ copernican ' ’ revolution which is currently taking place , and which is radically undermining traditional ways of perceiving both the world and the text .

If we assume — and it is probably the right assumption — that students can no longer easily read isolated literary texts , but need to make sense of them in a variety of contexts , much power is given to the teacher who decides which are the relevant cultural codes to be invoked and expounded ; Marxists , at least , are specific on the matter .
if we assume — and it is probably the right assumption — that students can no longer easily read isolated literary texts , but need to make sense of them in a variety of contexts , much power is given to the teacher who decides which are the relevant cultural codes to be [caused/called on] and expounded ; marxists , at least , are specific on the matter .

In short , professional regulation for a rough trade aspiring to become a profession ( with the professional responsibilities invoked above ) .
in short , professional regulation for a rough trade aspiring to become a profession ( with the professional responsibilities [caused/called on] above ) .

John Evans ( 1990 ) in some research on Australian play times found that by far the greatest percentage of interactions recorded invoked the teacher in an authoritarian role , issuing requests and orders to children .
john evans ( 1990 ) in some research on australian play times found that by far the greatest percentage of interactions recorded [caused/called on] the teacher in an authoritarian role , issuing requests and orders to children .

Ramanujan invoked the Hindu goddess Namagiri as his inspiration and the sacred touch is echoed by the dancing , itself originally religious .
ramanujan [caused/called on] the hindu goddess namagiri as his inspiration and the sacred touch is echoed by the dancing , itself originally religious .

In an extreme case the European Court of Human Rights decision in Gaskin could be invoked .
in an extreme case the european court of human rights decision in gaskin could be [caused/called on] .

The rebels were supposedly in league with Egypt ; and since Nasser was — in Chamoun 's eyes — a communist , then the Eisenhower Doctrine could be invoked .
the rebels were supposedly in league with egypt ; and since nasser was — in chamoun 's eyes — a communist , then the eisenhower doctrine could be [caused/called on] .

In many discussions of such issues consent is invoked and is understood to mean , roughly , the following : a person consents to an outcome if he performs an action which he believes to make that event more likely .
in many discussions of such issues consent is [caused/called on] and is understood to mean , roughly , the following : a person consents to an outcome if he performs an action which he believes to make that event more likely .

The most often invoked argument to that effect relies on an obligation to support and maintain just institutions .
the most often [caused/called on] argument to that effect relies on an obligation to support and maintain just institutions .

This in turn invoked a defensive nationalism in the subordinate peoples .
this in turn [caused/called on] a defensive nationalism in the subordinate peoples .

They thus invoked a host of resistances , the nucleus for new nationalisms .
they thus [caused/called on] a host of resistances , the nucleus for new nationalisms .

The much cited case of Leigh v. Gladstone is invoked in support .
the much cited case of leigh v. gladstone is [caused/called on] in support .

In 386 he reaffirmed his decree and invoked severe sanctions against those who desecrated the Lord 's Day .
in 386 he reaffirmed his decree and [caused/called on] severe sanctions against those who desecrated the lord 's day .

Editorial standards in the media operate for the most part well inside those limits , with the criminal law invoked chiefly against publications which have as their primary function the exploitation of those limits through material traded as ‘ forbidden fruit ’ .
editorial standards in the media operate for the most part well inside those limits , with the criminal law [caused/called on] chiefly against publications which have as their primary function the exploitation of those limits through material traded as ‘ forbidden fruit ’ .

The same minority report emphasized , however , that the authors concurred with the majority in their disapproval of surrogacy for convenience , and that the criminal law should be invoked to prevent agencies concerned with surrogacy arrangements being run for profit .
the same minority report emphasized , however , that the authors concurred with the majority in their disapproval of surrogacy for convenience , and that the criminal law should be [caused/called on] to prevent agencies concerned with surrogacy arrangements being run for profit .

The departure of a ‘ special ’ child may be particularly problematic because he or she may have invoked part of the parents ' own history , or because the child performed a vital role in the family such as ‘ go-between ’ or communicator .
the departure of a ‘ special ’ child may be particularly problematic because he or she may have [caused/called on] part of the parents ' own history , or because the child performed a vital role in the family such as ‘ go-between ’ or communicator .

The Isle of Wight might well have been renamed the ‘ Isle of Grey ’ in the gloomy winter light , but while the photo session reinforced the Beaver 's manoeuvrability it did highlight its inertia , even large power changes taking their time to have an effect . The detail also invoked a new ‘ first ’ for me , that of flying formation in wellies !
the isle of wight might well have been renamed the ‘ isle of grey ’ in the gloomy winter light , but while the photo session reinforced the beaver 's manoeuvrability it did highlight its inertia , even large power changes taking their time to have an effect . the detail also [caused/called on] a new ‘ first ’ for me , that of flying formation in wellies !

It is not unreasonable to suppose that the lines of crustal weakness invoked by Stoneley ( 1982 ) were , as Arkell ( 1951 ) thought , mainly of Variscan origin , owing to the similarity of stress direction .
it is not unreasonable to suppose that the lines of crustal weakness [caused/called on] by stoneley ( 1982 ) were , as arkell ( 1951 ) thought , mainly of variscan origin , owing to the similarity of stress direction .

revocation of the disposal licence , be invoked .
revocation of the disposal licence , be [caused/called on] .

Full discussion of this model is outwith the scope of the present paper , and we are leaving vague the discussion of types of role-mapping which might be important : for the present purpose , by role-mappings of atomic discourse elements , we mean any mapping between a description and an underlying knowledge structure which has been invoked during the understanding process ( and , of course , there may be more than one ) .
full discussion of this model is outwith the scope of the present paper , and we are leaving vague the discussion of types of role-mapping which might be important : for the present purpose , by role-mappings of atomic discourse elements , we mean any mapping between a description and an underlying knowledge structure which has been [caused/called on] during the understanding process ( and , of course , there may be more than one ) .

If any ambiguity remained , either because multiple readings survived or because some anaphor had several surviving candidates , common sense inference rules were invoked to look for a causal or other link between a proposition in the current sentence and one in an earlier one .
if any ambiguity remained , either because multiple readings survived or because some anaphor had several surviving candidates , common sense inference rules were [caused/called on] to look for a causal or other link between a proposition in the current sentence and one in an earlier one .

If anaphoric ambiguities still remained , a set of very general , shallow heuristics , not described here , were invoked to resolve them .
if anaphoric ambiguities still remained , a set of very general , shallow heuristics , not described here , were [caused/called on] to resolve them .

The right of establishment can be invoked by a company registered in a member state against the national authorities of that state if they seek to prevent it setting up agencies , branches or subsidiaries , or participating in the incorporation of a company in another member state .
the right of establishment can be [caused/called on] by a company registered in a member state against the national authorities of that state if they seek to prevent it setting up agencies , branches or subsidiaries , or participating in the incorporation of a company in another member state .

Thus the right to provide services has actually been invoked by nationals against their own state , when they have taken up residence abroad .
thus the right to provide services has actually been [caused/called on] by nationals against their own state , when they have taken up residence abroad .

When invoked , the Commission may , at any time within three months of notification and provided it has not taken steps to apply the Merger Regulation , refer a notified merger to the competition authorities of a member state to deal with under national legislation .
when [caused/called on] , the commission may , at any time within three months of notification and provided it has not taken steps to apply the merger regulation , refer a notified merger to the competition authorities of a member state to deal with under national legislation .

It is expected that this exemption will also be invoked only rarely .
it is expected that this exemption will also be [caused/called on] only rarely .

Add to that the fact that the new techniques of genetic engineering were invoked in the manufacture of interferon and you almost have the makings of a script for a soap opera .
add to that the fact that the new techniques of genetic engineering were [caused/called on] in the manufacture of interferon and you almost have the makings of a script for a soap opera .

From the ‘ mini ’ , weighing as little as an amoeba or only one hundred-millionth of a kilogram ( kg ) to the ‘ supermassive ’ with a mass one thousand million times that of the Sun , they have been invoked to account for a wide range of cosmic phenomena .
from the ‘ mini ’ , weighing as little as an amoeba or only one hundred-millionth of a kilogram ( kg ) to the ‘ supermassive ’ with a mass one thousand million times that of the sun , they have been [caused/called on] to account for a wide range of cosmic phenomena .

In the kingdoms of western Europe there was a traditional obligation on all free men to answer the king 's call to arms , the arrière-ban , when the kingdom was attacked : a right which was rarely invoked in our period , since it produced a cumbersome and inefficient force , which could not be kept long in the field .
in the kingdoms of western europe there was a traditional obligation on all free men to answer the king 's call to arms , the arrière-ban , when the kingdom was attacked : a right which was rarely [caused/called on] in our period , since it produced a cumbersome and inefficient force , which could not be kept long in the field .

Dr. Elliott detects in it ‘ a desire by the composer to accommodate progressive ideas about clear word-setting and harmonic , chordal idioms ’ : he has elsewhere invoked the violent and repressive political climate of the time , and seen an attempt by Carver to compromise — in a period of Protestant fundamentalism which had limited the formerly sumptuous musical presentations in the Chapel Royal to plainchant and Faburden improvised upon it — with the strictly harmonically-conceived music of English Reformation composers .
dr. elliott detects in it ‘ a desire by the composer to accommodate progressive ideas about clear word-setting and harmonic , chordal idioms ’ : he has elsewhere [caused/called on] the violent and repressive political climate of the time , and seen an attempt by carver to compromise — in a period of protestant fundamentalism which had limited the formerly sumptuous musical presentations in the chapel royal to plainchant and faburden improvised upon it — with the strictly harmonically-conceived music of english reformation composers .

part of the Customs Consolidation Act 1876 , now incorporated in the Customs & Excise Act 1952 ) is invoked instead of the new legislation ( e.g .
part of the customs consolidation act 1876 , now incorporated in the customs & excise act 1952 ) is [caused/called on] instead of the new legislation ( e.g .

This capacity could be invoked when necessary by putting aside the lower priority products made in the factory .
this capacity could be [caused/called on] when necessary by putting aside the lower priority products made in the factory .

The court decided to uphold a law abolishing the twenty-year statute of limitations for concentration camp murders.7 It invoked the constitutional “ right to life ” to strike down a liberal abortion law that permitted abortion on demand in the first trimester.8 More recently , the court rejected an East German statutory justification for border guards who shot at their own citizens trying to flee the country for the West.9 All of these decisions brought to the fore fundamental values of protecting life and punishing those with contempt for life .
the court decided to uphold a law abolishing the twenty-year statute of limitations for concentration camp murders.7 it [caused/called on] the constitutional “ right to life ” to strike down a liberal abortion law that permitted abortion on demand in the first trimester.8 more recently , the court rejected an east german statutory justification for border guards who shot at their own citizens trying to flee the country for the west.9 all of these decisions brought to the fore fundamental values of protecting life and punishing those with contempt for life .

Then Rabbi Eliezer , desperate and alone , invoked the argument of original intent : “ If I am right , let heaven be the proof. ” A heavenly voice then proclaimed : “ How dare you oppose Rabbi Eliezer , whose views are everywhere the law. ” Rabbi Joshua arose and quoted Deuteronomy : “ It is not in Heaven. ” Rabbi Jeremiah explained the reference : Ever since the Torah was given at Mount Sinai , “ we pay no attention to heavenly voices , for God already wrote in the Torah at Mount Sinai. ” 18 The point is that once the language is released and given to jurists to fashion to the needs of their time , the task of lawgivers is finished .
then rabbi eliezer , desperate and alone , [caused/called on] the argument of original intent : “ if i am right , let heaven be the proof. ” a heavenly voice then proclaimed : “ how dare you oppose rabbi eliezer , whose views are everywhere the law. ” rabbi joshua arose and quoted deuteronomy : “ it is not in heaven. ” rabbi jeremiah explained the reference : ever since the torah was given at mount sinai , “ we pay no attention to heavenly voices , for god already wrote in the torah at mount sinai. ” 18 the point is that once the language is released and given to jurists to fashion to the needs of their time , the task of lawgivers is finished .

The second major casualty was the concept of “ involuntary servitude ” as invoked in the Thirteenth Amendment .
the second major casualty was the concept of “ involuntary servitude ” as [caused/called on] in the thirteenth amendment .

There was little suggestion of a “ military dictatorship , ” though some Northern critics of the government invoked the phrase .
there was little suggestion of a “ military dictatorship , ” though some northern critics of the government [caused/called on] the phrase .

In his first inaugural address , Lincoln invoked the “ bonds of affection , ” and even before shots were fired on Fort Sumter in Charleston Harbor , he stressed the unbreakable ties of historical struggle :
in his first inaugural address , lincoln [caused/called on] the “ bonds of affection , ” and even before shots were fired on fort sumter in charleston harbor , he stressed the unbreakable ties of historical struggle :

At the outer reaches of principle , we find the great maxim invoked in the Gettysburg Address : All human beings are equal in the sight of God .
at the outer reaches of principle , we find the great maxim [caused/called on] in the gettysburg address : all human beings are equal in the sight of god .

Lincoln explicitly invoked the figures of women in his discourse on human dignity .
lincoln explicitly [caused/called on] the figures of women in his discourse on human dignity .

Next , I invoked a “ social planner. ” The task of the social planner is to plan a pattern of production activities over time that optimizes the discounted happiness of the consumer .
next , i [caused/called on] a “ social planner. ” the task of the social planner is to plan a pattern of production activities over time that optimizes the discounted happiness of the consumer .

I now invoke the analogue of the gears , rods , and connectors in the form of hypothetical molecular couplings that control the reactions I have already invoked .
i now invoke the analogue of the gears , rods , and connectors in the form of hypothetical molecular couplings that control the reactions i have already [caused/called on] .

In our first example of an autonomous agent , Figure 3.4 , these constraints are present in the invoked couplings of catalysts and allosteric eVectors to the reactions of which the autonomous agent is comprised .
in our first example of an autonomous agent , figure 3.4 , these constraints are present in the [caused/called on] couplings of catalysts and allosteric evectors to the reactions of which the autonomous agent is comprised .

The nationalism that Napoleon invoked in his conquest of Europe ’ s Ancien Régime turned against him in Spain , Russia , and Germany .
the nationalism that napoleon [caused/called on] in his conquest of europe ’ s ancien régime turned against him in spain , russia , and germany .

Originally , the festival invoked the help of the gods against a plague in medieval Kyoto ; highly commercialized imitations of it are now celebrated all over the country .
originally , the festival [caused/called on] the help of the gods against a plague in medieval kyoto ; highly commercialized imitations of it are now celebrated all over the country .

The pattern repeated itself a century later when the Moors invoked the aid of the Almohads in 1151 .
the pattern repeated itself a century later when the moors [caused/called on] the aid of the almohads in 1151 .

The agencies invoked the similarly worded `` good cause '' exception contained in the Administrative Procedure Act ( APA ) at section 553 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( B ) , which allows an agency to forego issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking and receiving public comments .
the agencies [caused/called on] the similarly worded `` good cause '' exception contained in the administrative procedure act ( apa ) at section 553 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( b ) , which allows an agency to forego issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking and receiving public comments .

Since there was neither a proposed rule nor the receipt of public comments , HCFA has properly invoked the exception found at 5 U.S.C .
since there was neither a proposed rule nor the receipt of public comments , hcfa has properly [caused/called on] the exception found at 5 u.s.c .

Section 605 : Avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis As noted above , NHTSA invoked the exemption from the initial regulatory flexibility analysis requirement with respect to the proposed rule .
section 605 : avoidance of duplicative or unnecessary analysis as noted above , nhtsa [caused/called on] the exemption from the initial regulatory flexibility analysis requirement with respect to the proposed rule .

Unless an exemption under section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) is invoked , such as certification by the President or Director of OMB , I am authorized to bring a civil action for judicial enforcement of our access request if full and complete access to the records we are requesting is not provided to GAO within 20 days following the filing of this report .
unless an exemption under section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) is [caused/called on] , such as certification by the president or director of omb , i am authorized to bring a civil action for judicial enforcement of our access request if full and complete access to the records we are requesting is not provided to gao within 20 days following the filing of this report .

Because the Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994 required that the statutory changes be implemented by the 1995 crop year and many of the changes were mandated by the statute , FCIC invoked the exception to the notice and comment requirements contained in 5 U.S.C .
because the federal crop insurance reform act of 1994 required that the statutory changes be implemented by the 1995 crop year and many of the changes were mandated by the statute , fcic [caused/called on] the exception to the notice and comment requirements contained in 5 u.s.c .

Here , INS published a notice of proposed rulemaking on January 3 , 1997 , and received comments for 30 days , and therefore the good cause exception was not properly invoked .
here , ins published a notice of proposed rulemaking on january 3 , 1997 , and received comments for 30 days , and therefore the good cause exception was not properly [caused/called on] .

Facing political limits by the end of the 1990s , the extremist wing of the Islamist movement `` rejected the democratic references invoked by the moderates ; and as a result , raw terrorism in its most spectacular and destructive form became its main option for reviving armed struggle in the new millennium . ''
facing political limits by the end of the 1990s , the extremist wing of the islamist movement `` rejected the democratic references [caused/called on] by the moderates ; and as a result , raw terrorism in its most spectacular and destructive form became its main option for reviving armed struggle in the new millennium . ''

In our interviews , some military officers repeatedly invoked the analogy of Desert One and the failed 1980 hostage rescue mission in Iran .
in our interviews , some military officers repeatedly [caused/called on] the analogy of desert one and the failed 1980 hostage rescue mission in iran .

Saudi contacts with American politicians are frequently invoked as accusations in partisan political arguments .
saudi contacts with american politicians are frequently [caused/called on] as accusations in partisan political arguments .

The comprehension of mind invoked by a biological mechanism appeared ripe for the sort of thoughtful , theoretical science he had applied to DNA .
the comprehension of mind [caused/called on] by a biological mechanism appeared ripe for the sort of thoughtful , theoretical science he had applied to dna .

I suppose I invoked them because they represent such wildly divergent sensibilities -- one populist , the other defiantly highbrow -- and both were united in a kind of ebullient loathing of this poor picture .
i suppose i [caused/called on] them because they represent such wildly divergent sensibilities -- one populist , the other defiantly highbrow -- and both were united in a kind of ebullient loathing of this poor picture .

Several articles on the subject have ritually invoked `` the end of the Cold War '' as an explanation .
several articles on the subject have ritually [caused/called on] `` the end of the cold war '' as an explanation .

Using the rarely invoked Railway Labor Act of 1926 , he forced the pilots to postpone the strike for two months while federal mediators try to resolve the dispute .
using the rarely [caused/called on] railway labor act of 1926 , he forced the pilots to postpone the strike for two months while federal mediators try to resolve the dispute .

The negative stereotypes defining labor in the mainstream press are easily invoked , but rarely is the positive rationale behind organization defined beyond `` worker dissatisfaction . ''
the negative stereotypes defining labor in the mainstream press are easily [caused/called on] , but rarely is the positive rationale behind organization defined beyond `` worker dissatisfaction . ''

One particularly invoked George Orwell 's 1984 .
one particularly [caused/called on] george orwell 's 1984 .

Ironically , one of the biggest news splashes made by Yates in the last decade was when one of his staffers invoked Sid 's clout and attempted to set up dog-walking runs in Rock Creek Park .
ironically , one of the biggest news splashes made by yates in the last decade was when one of his staffers [caused/called on] sid 's clout and attempted to set up dog-walking runs in rock creek park .

After the requisite barb-trading with the White House , and a much-photographed round of negotiations in which the sanctity of Social Security and the need to invest in our nation 's children are duly invoked , it would be a blessing if Congress would quietly pass a continuing resolution keeping spending more or less where it currently is , and then take to the hustings , where each party can blame the other for doing what 's best for the country -- nothing .
after the requisite barb-trading with the white house , and a much-photographed round of negotiations in which the sanctity of social security and the need to invest in our nation 's children are duly [caused/called on] , it would be a blessing if congress would quietly pass a continuing resolution keeping spending more or less where it currently is , and then take to the hustings , where each party can blame the other for doing what 's best for the country -- nothing .

The official China Daily invoked `` legal experts '' to justify the government 's ban last week on the Falun Gong religious sect , which favors deep-breathing exercises .
the official china daily [caused/called on] `` legal experts '' to justify the government 's ban last week on the falun gong religious sect , which favors deep-breathing exercises .

During the Flytrap scandal last year , traditional Christian values were often invoked -- but only those concerning sex .
during the flytrap scandal last year , traditional christian values were often [caused/called on] -- but only those concerning sex .

Once `` auction '' invoked the incomprehensible high-speed chatter of a tobacco dealer , building to the giddy crescendo , `` Sold American ! ''
once `` auction '' [caused/called on] the incomprehensible high-speed chatter of a tobacco dealer , building to the giddy crescendo , `` sold american ! ''

The expected horrors are invoked : the Cultural Revolution , the Great Leap Forward , the continuing anti-religious brutality of the Communist Party .
the expected horrors are [caused/called on] : the cultural revolution , the great leap forward , the continuing anti-religious brutality of the communist party .

Let 's consider those purposes for which the memory of the Holocaust has been invoked , which are the ones I discuss most in my book .
let 's consider those purposes for which the memory of the holocaust has been [caused/called on] , which are the ones i discuss most in my book .

Perhaps , for you , `` instrumentalization '' hinges on motive : Perhaps you believe the Holocaust was invoked for these ends `` cynically '' or `` insincerely '' ?
perhaps , for you , `` instrumentalization '' hinges on motive : perhaps you believe the holocaust was [caused/called on] for these ends `` cynically '' or `` insincerely '' ?

Certainly , overall , I repeatedly underlined the sincerity of those who have invoked the Holocaust .
certainly , overall , i repeatedly underlined the sincerity of those who have [caused/called on] the holocaust .

The negative perception surrounding our community was invoked too late in the game for it to do Clinton 's opponents any good .
the negative perception surrounding our community was [caused/called on] too late in the game for it to do clinton 's opponents any good .

Clinton invoked grand jury secrecy , though you are always free to reveal your own testimony .
clinton [caused/called on] grand jury secrecy , though you are always free to reveal your own testimony .

Critics lavish praise on Remnick , not just for his analysis of Ali but because he is said to have brilliantly invoked the complex intersection of boxing and race relations in the 1960s .
critics lavish praise on remnick , not just for his analysis of ali but because he is said to have brilliantly [caused/called on] the complex intersection of boxing and race relations in the 1960s .

They simply invoked the 10 percent rule , accepting the top 10 percent of high school students into classes at ole Longhorn U .
they simply [caused/called on] the 10 percent rule , accepting the top 10 percent of high school students into classes at ole longhorn u .

It could have been invoked to let the North Koreans take the South , the Chinese Communists seize Taiwan , and Communist guerillas conquer Malaysia .
it could have been [caused/called on] to let the north koreans take the south , the chinese communists seize taiwan , and communist guerillas conquer malaysia .

The Justice Department insists that removal-court procedures will be invoked only in extreme cases where national security would be damaged by the public disclosure of deportation evidence .
the justice department insists that removal-court procedures will be [caused/called on] only in extreme cases where national security would be damaged by the public disclosure of deportation evidence .

An analysis said , `` The United States yesterday invoked the old Israeli method in the war on terrorism , which tries to deter terrorists and make them pay a price for their actions .
an analysis said , `` the united states yesterday [caused/called on] the old israeli method in the war on terrorism , which tries to deter terrorists and make them pay a price for their actions .

Where King invoked America 's promise , Malcolm underscored its betrayal .
where king [caused/called on] america 's promise , malcolm underscored its betrayal .

When 19 th -century composers wanted to be solemn , they invoked the Baroque : Thick counterpoint and a good old passacaglia -- variations over a repeating bass -- never failed to sound lofty .
when 19 th -century composers wanted to be solemn , they [caused/called on] the baroque : thick counterpoint and a good old passacaglia -- variations over a repeating bass -- never failed to sound lofty .

This is really a book about New York ; Los Angeles and the District of Columbia are invoked only insofar as they can support his claims about riot ideology .
this is really a book about new york ; los angeles and the district of columbia are [caused/called on] only insofar as they can support his claims about riot ideology .

Clinton elicits a Bronx cheer from several pundits for admitting no knowledge of whether or not his lawyers have invoked executive privilege ( the president must sign all such claims ) .
clinton elicits a bronx cheer from several pundits for admitting no knowledge of whether or not his lawyers have [caused/called on] executive privilege ( the president must sign all such claims ) .

The questioning apparently set off a special conference with a judge about whether or not aides like Lindsey are protected by executive privilege , although USAT says that the White House has not invoked it .
the questioning apparently set off a special conference with a judge about whether or not aides like lindsey are protected by executive privilege , although usat says that the white house has not [caused/called on] it .

In those seven lines , freighted with the layered voice of European culture , Dante 's vision of paradise is invoked both explicitly , in the `` concentric radiance '' of the last canto of his Paradiso , and implicitly , in his braided terza rima ( three-line stanzas , rhyming -- loosely here -- aba , bcb , etc . ) .
in those seven lines , freighted with the layered voice of european culture , dante 's vision of paradise is [caused/called on] both explicitly , in the `` concentric radiance '' of the last canto of his paradiso , and implicitly , in his braided terza rima ( three-line stanzas , rhyming -- loosely here -- aba , bcb , etc . ) .

The puzzles of marginal deterrence are not invoked if the radios are disabled when removed , and so architecture , or technology , works nicely in real space , and it should work well in cyberspace to avoid similar problems .
the puzzles of marginal deterrence are not [caused/called on] if the radios are disabled when removed , and so architecture , or technology , works nicely in real space , and it should work well in cyberspace to avoid similar problems .

Gore was also clumsy in the way he constantly invoked his close friend and partner Bill Clinton .
gore was also clumsy in the way he constantly [caused/called on] his close friend and partner bill clinton .

Prusiner has yet to show , for instance , that a protein sans nucleic acid can be infectious , and consequently , he has invoked the potential involvement of yet another agent in the disease process ( although he insists it has no nucleic acid and calls it `` Protein X '' ) .
prusiner has yet to show , for instance , that a protein sans nucleic acid can be infectious , and consequently , he has [caused/called on] the potential involvement of yet another agent in the disease process ( although he insists it has no nucleic acid and calls it `` protein x '' ) .

Furthermore , says the magazine , Einstein believed in `` divine harmony '' and `` often invoked God . ''
furthermore , says the magazine , einstein believed in `` divine harmony '' and `` often [caused/called on] god . ''

During the Cold War , enthusiasts for American military action abroad invoked the domino theory : If one country was allowed to fall to communism , many others would follow .
during the cold war , enthusiasts for american military action abroad [caused/called on] the domino theory : if one country was allowed to fall to communism , many others would follow .

The term `` genocide '' is often invoked rather wildly .
the term `` genocide '' is often [caused/called on] rather wildly .

Al Gore and Bill Clinton have also invoked credibility in answer to the question of why we fight .
al gore and bill clinton have also [caused/called on] credibility in answer to the question of why we fight .

To put plausibility and punch in this theoretical argument , Clinton cited Milosevic 's past aggression and invoked images of slaughtered innocents .
to put plausibility and punch in this theoretical argument , clinton cited milosevic 's past aggression and [caused/called on] images of slaughtered innocents .

Ever since the United States began contemplating doing something about war and ethnic cleansing in the collapsing state of Yugoslavia in 1991 , all sides have invoked history as a guide to action .
ever since the united states began contemplating doing something about war and ethnic cleansing in the collapsing state of yugoslavia in 1991 , all sides have [caused/called on] history as a guide to action .

Asked about abortion the other day on CNN , Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson also invoked what is apparently the party-line phrase : `` inclusive party . ''
asked about abortion the other day on cnn , republican national committee chairman jim nicholson also [caused/called on] what is apparently the party-line phrase : `` inclusive party . ''

In her opening remarks , Hillary Clinton invoked prayer and religion and repeatedly charged that the `` culture of violence '' in television , movies , music , video games , and the Internet `` is having a profound effect on our children '' and `` causes more aggression and anti-social behavior . ''
in her opening remarks , hillary clinton [caused/called on] prayer and religion and repeatedly charged that the `` culture of violence '' in television , movies , music , video games , and the internet `` is having a profound effect on our children '' and `` causes more aggression and anti-social behavior . ''

Presidents have only invoked fast track on a handful of occasions , and each time the agreement it covered was approved .
presidents have only [caused/called on] fast track on a handful of occasions , and each time the agreement it covered was approved .

Circuit Breakers : What would have been a minor dip in the market became a major one when automatic trading halts -- '' circuit breakers '' -- were invoked at the depth of the dive .
circuit breakers : what would have been a minor dip in the market became a major one when automatic trading halts -- '' circuit breakers '' -- were [caused/called on] at the depth of the dive .

This procedure is invoked regularly .
this procedure is [caused/called on] regularly .

In response , White House lawyers immediately invoked the attorney-client privilege , a claim upheld by a trial court .
in response , white house lawyers immediately [caused/called on] the attorney-client privilege , a claim upheld by a trial court .

Ultimately we at Slate invoked the true Microsoft spirit and took this as a challenge .
ultimately we at slate [caused/called on] the true microsoft spirit and took this as a challenge .

In 1982 , Ronald Reagan invoked this right to keep EPA documents about toxic-waste disposal from Congress .
in 1982 , ronald reagan [caused/called on] this right to keep epa documents about toxic-waste disposal from congress .

In a political sense , closure , now most commonly invoked in its Gallic variant , cloture , refers to the ending of debate in a legislative body and dates back to the late 19 th century .
in a political sense , closure , now most commonly [caused/called on] in its gallic variant , cloture , refers to the ending of debate in a legislative body and dates back to the late 19 th century .

Shakespeare was gaudily invoked a few days later by a French couple doing `` Romeo and Juliet '' in matching bright blue , bejeweled Renaissance outfits .
shakespeare was gaudily [caused/called on] a few days later by a french couple doing `` romeo and juliet '' in matching bright blue , bejeweled renaissance outfits .

As decision making has devolved from the autocrat to the ordinary citizen , it is the ordinary citizen -- the anonymous Everyman , an embodiment of rights and responsibilities shared by all -- whose name is increasingly invoked .
as decision making has devolved from the autocrat to the ordinary citizen , it is the ordinary citizen -- the anonymous everyman , an embodiment of rights and responsibilities shared by all -- whose name is increasingly [caused/called on] .

Public , '' `` Joe Zilch , '' the `` Common Man , '' and the `` Unknown Citizen '' invoked by W.H .
public , '' `` joe zilch , '' the `` common man , '' and the `` unknown citizen '' [caused/called on] by w.h .

Value-added may also have a future as a concept invoked to justify what might otherwise seem like casual appropriation .
value-added may also have a future as a concept [caused/called on] to justify what might otherwise seem like casual appropriation .

She has invoked the spousal privilege , which protects her from being questioned about conversations with her husband .
she has [caused/called on] the spousal privilege , which protects her from being questioned about conversations with her husband .

Separately he invoked the Magna Carta , the Ten Commandments , Roman Law , the Gettysburg Address , and the Spirit of '76 .
separately he [caused/called on] the magna carta , the ten commandments , roman law , the gettysburg address , and the spirit of '76 .

The Clintonites will have to improve on their vague snipes of the last three days ; Saturday Clinton lawyers railed against the House and invoked the the `` interests of the American people '' refrain .
the clintonites will have to improve on their vague snipes of the last three days ; saturday clinton lawyers railed against the house and [caused/called on] the the `` interests of the american people '' refrain .

There is another option called SUGGEST , which , if invoked , lists up to seven or eight words that you might have had in mind when you wrote the one that offended the machine , and this brings me to the point of this article .
there is another option called suggest , which , if [caused/called on] , lists up to seven or eight words that you might have had in mind when you wrote the one that offended the machine , and this brings me to the point of this article .

Without going into too much detail about previously existing programs , suffice it to say that one has to write a command in the proper query language ; once invoked , that command produces a file called a results file , which may now be printed using a menu similar to that for the entries .
without going into too much detail about previously existing programs , suffice it to say that one has to write a command in the proper query language ; once [caused/called on] , that command produces a file called a results file , which may now be printed using a menu similar to that for the entries .

In many of the common Sanskrit prayers a brahman is invoked or imprecated along with the gods .
in many of the common sanskrit prayers a brahman is [caused/called on] or imprecated along with the gods .

Keillor , by incorporating the names of the three youths in the fiery furnace into his blessing , is merely following in the footsteps of some of his forebears in esotericism , the Copts of early Christian Egypt , who often invoked Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego alongside such fantasy figures as Thoulal , Moulal , and Boulal in their magical charms .
keillor , by incorporating the names of the three youths in the fiery furnace into his blessing , is merely following in the footsteps of some of his forebears in esotericism , the copts of early christian egypt , who often [caused/called on] shadrach , meshach , and abednego alongside such fantasy figures as thoulal , moulal , and boulal in their magical charms .

There is another option called , SUGGEST , which , if invoked , lists up to seven or eight words that you might have had in mind when you wrote the one that offended the machine , and this brings me to the point of this article .
there is another option called , suggest , which , if [caused/called on] , lists up to seven or eight words that you might have had in mind when you wrote the one that offended the machine , and this brings me to the point of this article .

Had the subjunctive been invoked , these mysterious motives would have vanished in a trice .
had the subjunctive been [caused/called on] , these mysterious motives would have vanished in a trice .

