Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed .
insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , emory university could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , [regardless] of race , color or creed .

`` My feeling at the moment '' , he said , `` is that we have no alternative , irrespective of some of the arguments about him .
`` my feeling at the moment '' , he said , `` is that we have no alternative , [regardless] of some of the arguments about him .

And irrespective of the outcome in centuries elapsed since splitting , calculations obviously carry more concordant and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with variously unstable ones .
and [regardless] of the outcome in centuries elapsed since splitting , calculations obviously carry more concordant and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with variously unstable ones .

That opportunity squandered was followed swiftly by the briefings for yesterday 's press to the effect that Delphic Douglas was in fact leaving open the door for an executive ratification of the original , unamended treaty irrespective of whatever parliament may decide .
that opportunity squandered was followed swiftly by the briefings for yesterday 's press to the effect that delphic douglas was in fact leaving open the door for an executive ratification of the original , unamended treaty [regardless] of whatever parliament may decide .

‘ Irrespective of the Panhellenic conference , we will need to co-ordinate our policy in the immediate next few months with the Greek government and political leadership , ’ Mr Clerides said .
‘ [regardless] of the panhellenic conference , we will need to co-ordinate our policy in the immediate next few months with the greek government and political leadership , ’ mr clerides said .

‘ While our efficiency approach argues for looking for ‘ good buys ’ in terms of where the most health gains can be had per extra £1,000 spent , the strategy document tends to argue in terms of throwing most money at the biggest problems irrespective of whether there are cost-effective measures available for dealing with them . ’
‘ while our efficiency approach argues for looking for ‘ good buys ’ in terms of where the most health gains can be had per extra £1,000 spent , the strategy document tends to argue in terms of throwing most money at the biggest problems [regardless] of whether there are cost-effective measures available for dealing with them . ’

Some 65 per cent of respondents provided career counselling services irrespective of any redundancy situation .
some 65 per cent of respondents provided career counselling services [regardless] of any redundancy situation .

This would be irrespective of whether that treatment involves hospitalisation or not .
this would be [regardless] of whether that treatment involves hospitalisation or not .

Irrespective of the validity of the architectural content , the model and drawings are works of art in themselves .
[regardless] of the validity of the architectural content , the model and drawings are works of art in themselves .

In such a case , notice that the average length of life , e , in a population is not , in general , equal to the average age at death because all the birth cohorts have been compounded irrespective of their sizes .
in such a case , notice that the average length of life , e , in a population is not , in general , equal to the average age at death because all the birth cohorts have been compounded [regardless] of their sizes .

That 's irrespective whether they 're married or single ?
that 's [regardless] whether they 're married or single ?

Irrespective of their aims , adult students have a number of things in common , they like the college atmosphere , welcome the encouragement which they receive from tutors , enjoy meeting other students and would n't miss their class for the world !
[regardless] of their aims , adult students have a number of things in common , they like the college atmosphere , welcome the encouragement which they receive from tutors , enjoy meeting other students and would n't miss their class for the world !

It pretends that there 's single no-fault ground for divorce — that the marriage has irretrievably broken down — but in practice it encourages nearly three-quarters of divorcing couples to rely on fault based grounds — adultery , or unreasonable behaviour as it 's usually called — and then makes it difficult for anybody to defend allegations , irrespective of whether that was the real reason why the marriage broke down .
it pretends that there 's single no-fault ground for divorce — that the marriage has irretrievably broken down — but in practice it encourages nearly three-quarters of divorcing couples to rely on fault based grounds — adultery , or unreasonable behaviour as it 's usually called — and then makes it difficult for anybody to defend allegations , [regardless] of whether that was the real reason why the marriage broke down .

As Figures 4–6 , above , show , the percentage of straightforward deliveries was uniformly high , irrespective of the location of the requested items , and ranged only from 95% of deliveries in the case of books from the Main Building and the Annexe , to 97% in the case of material from the Advocates ' Library .
as figures 4–6 , above , show , the percentage of straightforward deliveries was uniformly high , [regardless] of the location of the requested items , and ranged only from 95% of deliveries in the case of books from the main building and the annexe , to 97% in the case of material from the advocates ' library .

The stress-timed rhythm theory states that the times from each stressed syllable to the next will tend to be the same , irrespective of the number of intervening unstressed syllables .
the stress-timed rhythm theory states that the times from each stressed syllable to the next will tend to be the same , [regardless] of the number of intervening unstressed syllables .

value irrespective of waveform .
value [regardless] of waveform .

Since Fourier analysis shows ( see chapter 11 ) that all signals comprise certain combinations of pure sinusoidal signals , to perform as an attenuator , a circuit must reduce the amplitudes of all sinusoidal signals by the same factor irrespective of frequency and without changing their phases .
since fourier analysis shows ( see chapter 11 ) that all signals comprise certain combinations of pure sinusoidal signals , to perform as an attenuator , a circuit must reduce the amplitudes of all sinusoidal signals by the same factor [regardless] of frequency and without changing their phases .

Graphical analysis of the response of any nonlinear network can be achieved through its terminal static characteristic or characteristics irrespective of the magnitudes of the signals involved .
graphical analysis of the response of any nonlinear network can be achieved through its terminal static characteristic or characteristics [regardless] of the magnitudes of the signals involved .

Non-marketing factors often apply when selling internationally , since many companies unfortunately view export orders as a supplement to home trade and are prepared to offer an agency to anybody who is likely to obtain orders , irrespective of their commercial standing .
non-marketing factors often apply when selling internationally , since many companies unfortunately view export orders as a supplement to home trade and are prepared to offer an agency to anybody who is likely to obtain orders , [regardless] of their commercial standing .

And learning together as we 've been reminded more than once than this morning engages us all irrespective of age , irrespective of experience it engages everyone and it 's worth emphasising that the quality of learning does not depend upon the size of a congregation !
and learning together as we 've been reminded more than once than this morning engages us all [regardless] of age , [regardless] of experience it engages everyone and it 's worth emphasising that the quality of learning does not depend upon the size of a congregation !

Cheap pots are more often than not responsible for noise , irrespective of whether the host instrument is used with a wireless system or not .
cheap pots are more often than not responsible for noise , [regardless] of whether the host instrument is used with a wireless system or not .

Irrespective of the style of the piece , all music creates tension and release ( dissonance and consonance ) which brings on different emotions in its audience .
[regardless] of the style of the piece , all music creates tension and release ( dissonance and consonance ) which brings on different emotions in its audience .

It is inevitable that a guitar with this pickup combination will be compared to a Strat , irrespective of body shape , and that may seem a little unfair when you consider that Starfield have avoided things Fenderish in most other respects .
it is inevitable that a guitar with this pickup combination will be compared to a strat , [regardless] of body shape , and that may seem a little unfair when you consider that starfield have avoided things fenderish in most other respects .

They thus become an indicator of how far out of balance the organism is and of how deeply the system has been affected , and are specific to the individual irrespective of the basic cause of the imbalance .
they thus become an indicator of how far out of balance the organism is and of how deeply the system has been affected , and are specific to the individual [regardless] of the basic cause of the imbalance .

If they achieve this then they are of value , irrespective of whether they , themselves , are right or wrong .
if they achieve this then they are of value , [regardless] of whether they , themselves , are right or wrong .

elevate the criminal justice into a ‘ community service ’ — it is presented as being above politics and dispensing ' justice for all' irrespective of class , race , sex , or religion — this further legitimates the state and those whose interests it wittingly , or otherwise , furthers ;
elevate the criminal justice into a ‘ community service ’ — it is presented as being above politics and dispensing ' justice for all' [regardless] of class , race , sex , or religion — this further legitimates the state and those whose interests it wittingly , or otherwise , furthers ;

Corporate crime is crime irrespective of whether it is only punishable by an administrative body , or whether it merely violates individuals ' civil rights .
corporate crime is crime [regardless] of whether it is only punishable by an administrative body , or whether it merely violates individuals ' civil rights .

He reckons his act — with its smattering of racist and sexist gags — is out of line with the force 's aim to ‘ treat everyone equally irrespective of race or gender ’ .
he reckons his act — with its smattering of racist and sexist gags — is out of line with the force 's aim to ‘ treat everyone equally [regardless] of race or gender ’ .

However , he concedes that ‘ state practice on this question is not unequivocal but indicates that the governments of the United States , France , Canada , and the United Kingdom regard the use of nuclear weapons as permissible against an aggressor state irrespective of the weapons employed by the latter ’ .
however , he concedes that ‘ state practice on this question is not unequivocal but indicates that the governments of the united states , france , canada , and the united kingdom regard the use of nuclear weapons as permissible against an aggressor state [regardless] of the weapons employed by the latter ’ .

Emphasising the futility of filling up a large sheet of cartridge paper the size of a drawing board with the object you are drawing , irrespective of its proximity , Sickert insisted on the importance of never sketching the figure and the background separately , and once having gone over the original drawing faintly in outline , to put in the shadows with the side of the point of the pencil .
emphasising the futility of filling up a large sheet of cartridge paper the size of a drawing board with the object you are drawing , [regardless] of its proximity , sickert insisted on the importance of never sketching the figure and the background separately , and once having gone over the original drawing faintly in outline , to put in the shadows with the side of the point of the pencil .

The company 's approach is intended to enable network managers simply to define and re-define virtual local networks so that teams within a company can be brought together electronically and then disbanded , irrespective of geographic location .
the company 's approach is intended to enable network managers simply to define and re-define virtual local networks so that teams within a company can be brought together electronically and then disbanded , [regardless] of geographic location .

‘ Irrespective of race , sex , sexuality … ’
‘ [regardless] of race , sex , sexuality … ’

The strength of functional assessment is to point out that an elder who can not dress will require the same care , irrespective of whether this condition results from a stroke , severe arthritis , an obsessional neurosis , or a low self-esteem .
the strength of functional assessment is to point out that an elder who can not dress will require the same care , [regardless] of whether this condition results from a stroke , severe arthritis , an obsessional neurosis , or a low self-esteem .

Irrespective of this , theories and assumptions must be stated and analysis be rigorous if progress is to be made .
[regardless] of this , theories and assumptions must be stated and analysis be rigorous if progress is to be made .

The question now being asked is whether one of the effects of the new technology might be to lead employers in general to take an increasingly short-term view about employment , irrespective of an economic recession .
the question now being asked is whether one of the effects of the new technology might be to lead employers in general to take an increasingly short-term view about employment , [regardless] of an economic recession .

Yet there is more to the dilemmas of media tradition and ideology than the question of control . Irrespective of the type of control , what are the press and broadcasting for ? What are they to do in the changed circumstances ? And , remembering that mass communications depend on individuals making choices , what do people look to the media to provide ?
yet there is more to the dilemmas of media tradition and ideology than the question of control . [regardless] of the type of control , what are the press and broadcasting for ? what are they to do in the changed circumstances ? and , remembering that mass communications depend on individuals making choices , what do people look to the media to provide ?

Irrespective of any causal link , the additional personnel in joint assessments presumably comprised men who elsewhere would have been returned as wage earners or young and poor , but except in Kerrier , where it led to 880 native assessments comprehending as many as 1,179 individuals , it did not add greatly to the numbers of poorer men ; and if it tends to raise the true proportion to a clear quarter in a couple of hundreds , it hardly made any difference in West and Trigg .
[regardless] of any causal link , the additional personnel in joint assessments presumably comprised men who elsewhere would have been returned as wage earners or young and poor , but except in kerrier , where it led to 880 native assessments comprehending as many as 1,179 individuals , it did not add greatly to the numbers of poorer men ; and if it tends to raise the true proportion to a clear quarter in a couple of hundreds , it hardly made any difference in west and trigg .

In this survey they looked at the different kinds of training and jobs undertaken by black people and found that they were likely to be doing worse jobs than white youth irrespective of their qualifications .
in this survey they looked at the different kinds of training and jobs undertaken by black people and found that they were likely to be doing worse jobs than white youth [regardless] of their qualifications .

His argument met with the response that the regulations applied irrespective of his contribution . )
his argument met with the response that the regulations applied [regardless] of his contribution . )

Irrespective of differing views and attitudes towards any one or more of these issues , we would nevertheless acknowledge a number of overriding principles that are rooted within a humanitarian philosophy which concerns protection of children 's rights ; granting of equal opportunities ; and acknowledging the univer-sality of children 's needs in relation to the individuality of their needs .
[regardless] of differing views and attitudes towards any one or more of these issues , we would nevertheless acknowledge a number of overriding principles that are rooted within a humanitarian philosophy which concerns protection of children 's rights ; granting of equal opportunities ; and acknowledging the univer-sality of children 's needs in relation to the individuality of their needs .

On the surface this structure would seem to have much to commend it , guaran-teeing , as it does , every child a right to an educational curriculum of distinctive breadth and depth irrespective of the type of school he or she attends and irrespective of the talents the child possesses .
on the surface this structure would seem to have much to commend it , guaran-teeing , as it does , every child a right to an educational curriculum of distinctive breadth and depth [regardless] of the type of school he or she attends and [regardless] of the talents the child possesses .

Irrespective of the type of difficulties presented by the children , there was a substantial core of activities which more than 70 per cent of the assistants engaged in .
[regardless] of the type of difficulties presented by the children , there was a substantial core of activities which more than 70 per cent of the assistants engaged in .

Any sign of browning or other discolouration could be the onset of die-back , and if this is confirmed , you may be able to trim it away , but if it goes back below the node , you will have to prune back to the next growth bud irrespective of its direction .
any sign of browning or other discolouration could be the onset of die-back , and if this is confirmed , you may be able to trim it away , but if it goes back below the node , you will have to prune back to the next growth bud [regardless] of its direction .

Callaghan 's mistake may have derived from his own inability to grasp the significance of media images irrespective of how closely they did or did not correlate with some other version of ‘ reality ’ .
callaghan 's mistake may have derived from his own inability to grasp the significance of media images [regardless] of how closely they did or did not correlate with some other version of ‘ reality ’ .

Such an argument would apply to most , if not all , media enterprises irrespective of type of ownership .
such an argument would apply to most , if not all , media enterprises [regardless] of type of ownership .

Newspapers are peculiar products in as much as their first copy costs — the cost of producing the issue irrespective of the size of the print run — are so high .
newspapers are peculiar products in as much as their first copy costs — the cost of producing the issue [regardless] of the size of the print run — are so high .

In practice this is unlikely , however , because changing the state of a cell is likely to involve energy consumption irrespective of whether the change involves an increase or decrease in activity .
in practice this is unlikely , however , because changing the state of a cell is likely to involve energy consumption [regardless] of whether the change involves an increase or decrease in activity .

The unit Party organisation : responsible for convening regular meetings of Party members and conducting ‘ criticism and self-criticism ’ of officers irrespective of military rank .
the unit party organisation : responsible for convening regular meetings of party members and conducting ‘ criticism and self-criticism ’ of officers [regardless] of military rank .

Through regular meetings , they institute the practice of ‘ criticism and self-criticism ’ and enforce Party discipline , irrespective of military rank .
through regular meetings , they institute the practice of ‘ criticism and self-criticism ’ and enforce party discipline , [regardless] of military rank .

How does the kingfisher manage to catch the fish , no matter — within limits — where it is in the water ? ( Unlike some birds , it does not dive vertically into the water , nor does it pursue the fish while under water ; kingfishers are plunge-divers , who go rapidly straight to the target . ) Given that it has never heard of Snell 's law , does it have to go through some alternative process of computation to adjust its angle-of-dive appropriately — and if so , what ? Or is its action based on a bodily skill whose exercise requires no computations ? How does the bird manage to identify part of the scene as a fish , or as food , in the first place , and how is it thereupon led to take appropriate action ( that is , how does it know that it should dive , irrespective of how steep the dive should be ) ? And , the most perplexing puzzle of all , just what is the phenomenal nature of the kingfisher 's experience as it gazes into the water ?
how does the kingfisher manage to catch the fish , no matter — within limits — where it is in the water ? ( unlike some birds , it does not dive vertically into the water , nor does it pursue the fish while under water ; kingfishers are plunge-divers , who go rapidly straight to the target . ) given that it has never heard of snell 's law , does it have to go through some alternative process of computation to adjust its angle-of-dive appropriately — and if so , what ? or is its action based on a bodily skill whose exercise requires no computations ? how does the bird manage to identify part of the scene as a fish , or as food , in the first place , and how is it thereupon led to take appropriate action ( that is , how does it know that it should dive , [regardless] of how steep the dive should be ) ? and , the most perplexing puzzle of all , just what is the phenomenal nature of the kingfisher 's experience as it gazes into the water ?

This is true irrespective of whether the animal is able to communicate with its conspecifics — either by way of warning-cries , mating-calls , and the like , or by means of a syntactically-structured language whose meaning is determined by social conventions rather than by fixed genetic mechanisms , The point is that even much non-communicative behaviour has to be understood in computational terms , such that internal symbolic processes must be attributed to the creature .
this is true [regardless] of whether the animal is able to communicate with its conspecifics — either by way of warning-cries , mating-calls , and the like , or by means of a syntactically-structured language whose meaning is determined by social conventions rather than by fixed genetic mechanisms , the point is that even much non-communicative behaviour has to be understood in computational terms , such that internal symbolic processes must be attributed to the creature .

And so on … Computationally-inclined psychologists or epistemologists , however , are more likely to be interested in how these things can be done , irrespective of which species manage to do them .
and so on … computationally-inclined psychologists or epistemologists , however , are more likely to be interested in how these things can be done , [regardless] of which species manage to do them .

One might , of course , argue that all talk of non-conscious mental processes is so philosophically problematic as to outlaw cognitive psychology in general ( irrespective of whether it uses AI-ideas ) ( Malcolm 1971 ) .
one might , of course , argue that all talk of non-conscious mental processes is so philosophically problematic as to outlaw cognitive psychology in general ( [regardless] of whether it uses ai-ideas ) ( malcolm 1971 ) .

Irrespective of their magnitude , whether they are big or small , in each case think about the emotional weight you once gave and still give to them .
[regardless] of their magnitude , whether they are big or small , in each case think about the emotional weight you once gave and still give to them .

He therefore gave every enquiring company , irrespective of their experience or worth , very short shrift indeed .
he therefore gave every enquiring company , [regardless] of their experience or worth , very short shrift indeed .

This is the true gospel , the love and acceptance of God is for all people , irrespective of their background or history .
this is the true gospel , the love and acceptance of god is for all people , [regardless] of their background or history .

Our Christian motivation is to honour Christ in all we do , including the quality of our work irrespective of whom we work for , whether they are good employers or not .
our christian motivation is to honour christ in all we do , including the quality of our work [regardless] of whom we work for , whether they are good employers or not .

Irrespective of grade they all have one thing in common — sheer quality .
[regardless] of grade they all have one thing in common — sheer quality .

They put up dazibao accusing the government of ‘ selling its soul ’ with the open-door policy and doing business with anyone , irrespective of their past behaviour in China .
they put up dazibao accusing the government of ‘ selling its soul ’ with the open-door policy and doing business with anyone , [regardless] of their past behaviour in china .

Assessment may provide the foundations for an intervention programme because it describes an individual 's strengths and weaknesses , irrespective of the presumed underlying causes of those difficulties .
assessment may provide the foundations for an intervention programme because it describes an individual 's strengths and weaknesses , [regardless] of the presumed underlying causes of those difficulties .

Likewise , children with ‘ acquired childhood language disorder ’ may be recognised as having similar kinds of communication difficulties ( irrespective of specific causes ) and , on the basis of this diagnosis , they may be recommended for certain kinds of therapy ( Cantwell and Baker 1987 ) .
likewise , children with ‘ acquired childhood language disorder ’ may be recognised as having similar kinds of communication difficulties ( [regardless] of specific causes ) and , on the basis of this diagnosis , they may be recommended for certain kinds of therapy ( cantwell and baker 1987 ) .

’ When using these procedures , there is obviously the danger that the materials themselves will invite the child to perform certain actions ( the spoon naturally goes in the cup ) , irrespective of whether or not the child understands the instructions .
’ when using these procedures , there is obviously the danger that the materials themselves will invite the child to perform certain actions ( the spoon naturally goes in the cup ) , [regardless] of whether or not the child understands the instructions .

Irrespective of the status of your audience , as presenter you need to lead .
[regardless] of the status of your audience , as presenter you need to lead .

The true definition of neighbour is anyone in need , irrespective of religious , racial , social or any other division .
the true definition of neighbour is anyone in need , [regardless] of religious , racial , social or any other division .

However , we can nearly as easily do the sum for the theoretical elastic breaking strain , and if we do this , we are apt to find that the answer we get is very roughly the same for any solid , almost irrespective of its chemical entity .
however , we can nearly as easily do the sum for the theoretical elastic breaking strain , and if we do this , we are apt to find that the answer we get is very roughly the same for any solid , almost [regardless] of its chemical entity .

Irrespective of the proportions of the crack or the means by which it is loaded the ratio of the maximum value of this stress parallel to the crack surfaces to the peak opening stress at right angles to the crack is constant and has a value of one to five .
[regardless] of the proportions of the crack or the means by which it is loaded the ratio of the maximum value of this stress parallel to the crack surfaces to the peak opening stress at right angles to the crack is constant and has a value of one to five .

Both have seen auditors , irrespective of their innocence or guilt , placed firmly in the firing line for investors hoping to recoup some of their losses .
both have seen auditors , [regardless] of their innocence or guilt , placed firmly in the firing line for investors hoping to recoup some of their losses .

An extraordinary property tax has been imposed on the value of buildings in Italy held at 11 July 1992 , irrespective of the buildings ' use .
an extraordinary property tax has been imposed on the value of buildings in italy held at 11 july 1992 , [regardless] of the buildings ' use .

It is not so neat because people , irrespective of their function and status in the enterprise , have minds , can feel , think , and have subjective experiences of the world of work on which they base their behaviour .
it is not so neat because people , [regardless] of their function and status in the enterprise , have minds , can feel , think , and have subjective experiences of the world of work on which they base their behaviour .

The activity which his reason can criticize and partially direct was not initially chosen by him , it is spontaneous ; the physical processes of birth , breathing , digestion , orgasm , death ; the emotions ; the desires and aversions which are independent of his principles and may conflict with them , irrespective of whether he thinks of them as innate or as socially conditioned ; dream , reverie and fantasy ; ecstasies of love , mystical illumination , intellectual discovery , artistic creation and contemplation .
the activity which his reason can criticize and partially direct was not initially chosen by him , it is spontaneous ; the physical processes of birth , breathing , digestion , orgasm , death ; the emotions ; the desires and aversions which are independent of his principles and may conflict with them , [regardless] of whether he thinks of them as innate or as socially conditioned ; dream , reverie and fantasy ; ecstasies of love , mystical illumination , intellectual discovery , artistic creation and contemplation .

‘ Be aware ’ will recommend that spontaneity be intelligent irrespective of any purpose it may serve .
‘ be aware ’ will recommend that spontaneity be intelligent [regardless] of any purpose it may serve .

the shares are redeemable according to their terms or the holdcr , or any party other than the issuer , can require their redemption , irrespective of the means by which the amount payable on redemption is calculated .
the shares are redeemable according to their terms or the holdcr , or any party other than the issuer , can require their redemption , [regardless] of the means by which the amount payable on redemption is calculated .

Irrespective of the means of subordination which is used , the lender on subordinated terms does not forgo the right to be repaid : he simply accepts that under certain conditions repayment will be postponed .
[regardless] of the means of subordination which is used , the lender on subordinated terms does not forgo the right to be repaid : he simply accepts that under certain conditions repayment will be postponed .

The siting of the Roman Ermine Street just to the west of Stamford prompted Francis Peck in 1727 to suggest that Stamford was formerly the important Roman town of Durobrivae , originally called Doorebriff He supported the claim with some incoherent etymology that related the name to the Saxon word ‘ Welland ’ , irrespective of the fact that the gentle Welland does not rage or boil ( according to Ekwall 's English River Names , Welland means ‘ good stream ’ ) .
the siting of the roman ermine street just to the west of stamford prompted francis peck in 1727 to suggest that stamford was formerly the important roman town of durobrivae , originally called doorebriff he supported the claim with some incoherent etymology that related the name to the saxon word ‘ welland ’ , [regardless] of the fact that the gentle welland does not rage or boil ( according to ekwall 's english river names , welland means ‘ good stream ’ ) .

Your eye makes a natural adjustment for this when looking at the scene direct so that the colour appears the same irrespective of the lighting .
your eye makes a natural adjustment for this when looking at the scene direct so that the colour appears the same [regardless] of the lighting .

Irrespective of the composition , any movement within the frame will become the centre of attention .
[regardless] of the composition , any movement within the frame will become the centre of attention .

This cyclical fluctuation in volume is due to-the operation of the camcorder 's automatic gain control which is all the time trying to maintain a constant sound level irrespective of the natural level of the incoming signal , an effect which makes it impossible to reproduce true audio perspectives .
this cyclical fluctuation in volume is due to-the operation of the camcorder 's automatic gain control which is all the time trying to maintain a constant sound level [regardless] of the natural level of the incoming signal , an effect which makes it impossible to reproduce true audio perspectives .

The general policy is that the provisions of accounting standards should be applied to all material transactions irrespective of the date at which they are entered into .
the general policy is that the provisions of accounting standards should be applied to all material transactions [regardless] of the date at which they are entered into .

They will be demonstrating , in other words , the continuing process of adaptation and adjustment without which , as we well know from observation , teaching can easily stagnate into a set of half-understood routines , performed irrespective of the conditions of the class or the needs of the learners .
they will be demonstrating , in other words , the continuing process of adaptation and adjustment without which , as we well know from observation , teaching can easily stagnate into a set of half-understood routines , performed [regardless] of the conditions of the class or the needs of the learners .

The affair illustrates the powerful effect the Panel 's legal clout has on companies — the threat of bad publicity is enough , irrespective of whether the company thinks it has a good case or not .
the affair illustrates the powerful effect the panel 's legal clout has on companies — the threat of bad publicity is enough , [regardless] of whether the company thinks it has a good case or not .

There are wide variations in different uses , and substantial effects from income , complementary appliance ownership , other fuel prices , and other factors largely beyond the control of the Electricity Boards irrespective of the pricing policy they adopted .
there are wide variations in different uses , and substantial effects from income , complementary appliance ownership , other fuel prices , and other factors largely beyond the control of the electricity boards [regardless] of the pricing policy they adopted .

The Act provided no definition of a ‘ public place ’ , but it refers to any place to which the public have access , irrespective of whether or not they have a legal right to go there , even when there are particular and restricted rules of entry .
the act provided no definition of a ‘ public place ’ , but it refers to any place to which the public have access , [regardless] of whether or not they have a legal right to go there , even when there are particular and restricted rules of entry .

In 1953 , the Ministry of Labour and National Service issued a memorandum on the Employment of Older Men and Women which claimed that ‘ for compelling social and economic reasons the door must be opened widely to the employment of people able and willing to work , irrespective of their age ’ .
in 1953 , the ministry of labour and national service issued a memorandum on the employment of older men and women which claimed that ‘ for compelling social and economic reasons the door must be opened widely to the employment of people able and willing to work , [regardless] of their age ’ .

As Townsend ( 1981 ) noted , retirement at pensionable age is now much more rigidly enforced , and ‘ old age pensioners ’ are assumed to have an economic-activity status very different from those of ‘ working age ’ , irrespective of their state of health or capacity for work .
as townsend ( 1981 ) noted , retirement at pensionable age is now much more rigidly enforced , and ‘ old age pensioners ’ are assumed to have an economic-activity status very different from those of ‘ working age ’ , [regardless] of their state of health or capacity for work .

Irrespective of size , status or skills everyone was brought down to earth with a splash — the difference was that as Saturday 's play unfolded the seeded sides invariably proved to be the more adept in the art of ‘ aquaplaning ’ .
[regardless] of size , status or skills everyone was brought down to earth with a splash — the difference was that as saturday 's play unfolded the seeded sides invariably proved to be the more adept in the art of ‘ aquaplaning ’ .

Those who do kick more do that because they ca n't run , and those who run will do that irrespective of whether the try is worth three , four or five points ’ .
those who do kick more do that because they ca n't run , and those who run will do that [regardless] of whether the try is worth three , four or five points ’ .

Some archaeologists , irrespective of their scepticism over Ivan Koltsov 's announcement , have expressed concern that Pravda should have shown a map of the underground areas , and that Koltsov publicly described seeing local boys playing with ancient gold goblets which they had supposedly found in the underground passages .
some archaeologists , [regardless] of their scepticism over ivan koltsov 's announcement , have expressed concern that pravda should have shown a map of the underground areas , and that koltsov publicly described seeing local boys playing with ancient gold goblets which they had supposedly found in the underground passages .

Spitfire restorations to airworthy status have notoriously exceeded initial estimates of timing and cost , irrespective of start point condition .
spitfire restorations to airworthy status have notoriously exceeded initial estimates of timing and cost , [regardless] of start point condition .

These reservations accepted , the core curriculum which primary schools have tried to meet ( irrespective of their teaching method or organisation ) may be summarised as follows .
these reservations accepted , the core curriculum which primary schools have tried to meet ( [regardless] of their teaching method or organisation ) may be summarised as follows .

There were then , as there are today , young people from other groups who , irrespective of academic ability or social class , felt that through teaching they would be serving future generations .
there were then , as there are today , young people from other groups who , [regardless] of academic ability or social class , felt that through teaching they would be serving future generations .

There are certain fundamental , seemingly inevitable , features of schooling in this society which persist , irrespective of changing aims and resources for education .
there are certain fundamental , seemingly inevitable , features of schooling in this society which persist , [regardless] of changing aims and resources for education .

Secondly , a change in the overt and hidden curriculum is presented as a solution which will lead to changed attitudes and behaviours , irrespective of other changes outside the control of the school .
secondly , a change in the overt and hidden curriculum is presented as a solution which will lead to changed attitudes and behaviours , [regardless] of other changes outside the control of the school .

The blood is hot and corrosive , and as it splatters the adventurers ( there is no way of evading it ) it burns the skin , irrespective of armour , magical protections and the like , causing burning and bleeding wounds .
the blood is hot and corrosive , and as it splatters the adventurers ( there is no way of evading it ) it burns the skin , [regardless] of armour , magical protections and the like , causing burning and bleeding wounds .

Textbook writers and teachers might attempt to teach this terminology irrespective of its value to pupils ' learning .
textbook writers and teachers might attempt to teach this terminology [regardless] of its value to pupils ' learning .

Schools need to ensure that all pupils , irrespective of their backgrounds , have an equal opportunity to achieve the attainment targets .
schools need to ensure that all pupils , [regardless] of their backgrounds , have an equal opportunity to achieve the attainment targets .

9.3 To that intent and save and subject as aforesaid , the receiving Party undertakes to indemnify and hold harmless the supplying Party against all or any loss , damage , liability , costs , claims and demands ( whether direct , consequential or otherwise ) arising out of or in connection with the use made by the Receiving Party of any such technical information whether the liability claim be in contract or in tort and whether the same arises directly or by way of any claim for an indemnity contribution or otherwise and irrespective of whether or not the same was in consequence of the negligence of any person .
9.3 to that intent and save and subject as aforesaid , the receiving party undertakes to indemnify and hold harmless the supplying party against all or any loss , damage , liability , costs , claims and demands ( whether direct , consequential or otherwise ) arising out of or in connection with the use made by the receiving party of any such technical information whether the liability claim be in contract or in tort and whether the same arises directly or by way of any claim for an indemnity contribution or otherwise and [regardless] of whether or not the same was in consequence of the negligence of any person .

6% ( six per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts on the first 500 copies of each cassette sold ( irrespective for format or standard ) 8% ( eight per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts on all copies between 501 and 1,000 copies sold
6% ( six per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts on the first 500 copies of each cassette sold ( [regardless] for format or standard ) 8% ( eight per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts on all copies between 501 and 1,000 copies sold

Video Cassettes 6% ( six per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts on 1 to 2,000 copies , 8% ( eight per cent ) on 2,001 to 4,000 copies , and 10% ( ten per cent ) on 4,001 or more copies of the Work sold irrespective of standard or format .
video cassettes 6% ( six per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts on 1 to 2,000 copies , 8% ( eight per cent ) on 2,001 to 4,000 copies , and 10% ( ten per cent ) on 4,001 or more copies of the work sold [regardless] of standard or format .

On sales of the Video : % ( per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts on 1 to 2,000 copies , % ( per cent ) on 2,001 to 4,000 copies , and % ( per cent ) on 4,001 or more copies of the Work sold irrespective of standard or format
on sales of the video : % ( per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts on 1 to 2,000 copies , % ( per cent ) on 2,001 to 4,000 copies , and % ( per cent ) on 4,001 or more copies of the work sold [regardless] of standard or format

4% ( four per cent ) of the Publisher 's net receipts on 1 to 2,000 copies , 5% ( five per cent ) on 2,001 to 4,000 copies , and 6% ( six per cent ) on 4,001 or more copies of the Work sold irrespective of standard or format .
4% ( four per cent ) of the publisher 's net receipts on 1 to 2,000 copies , 5% ( five per cent ) on 2,001 to 4,000 copies , and 6% ( six per cent ) on 4,001 or more copies of the work sold [regardless] of standard or format .

Irrespective of the damaging consequences that child welfare reforms may have had on gender relations within working-class families by promoting ideologies of motherhood inscribed within bourgeois conceptions of domesticity ( Rowan 1985 ) , they served to strengthen the identity of Labour amongst the female electorate .
[regardless] of the damaging consequences that child welfare reforms may have had on gender relations within working-class families by promoting ideologies of motherhood inscribed within bourgeois conceptions of domesticity ( rowan 1985 ) , they served to strengthen the identity of labour amongst the female electorate .

In Poulantzas ' view the co-ordination of the capitalist state is achieved by the political executive and higher administrative civil service , irrespective of the type of personnel who staff these posts .
in poulantzas ' view the co-ordination of the capitalist state is achieved by the political executive and higher administrative civil service , [regardless] of the type of personnel who staff these posts .

We positively welcome applications from suitably qualified individuals irrespective of racial origin , sex or disability .
we positively welcome applications from suitably qualified individuals [regardless] of racial origin , sex or disability .

Such a long term commitment reflects a genuine desire on the part of the company to encourage youngsters to achieve to their potential , irrespective of any financial restrictions .
such a long term commitment reflects a genuine desire on the part of the company to encourage youngsters to achieve to their potential , [regardless] of any financial restrictions .

Show dogs are usually amongst the best-trained of all dogs , however , irrespective of which competition they are taking part in .
show dogs are usually amongst the best-trained of all dogs , however , [regardless] of which competition they are taking part in .

Drugs and hypnosis were all very well as tools for coping with the hormonal storms caused by the superhuman organs his body housed ; but what he must attain swiftly was a superhuman mind which could command the body to fight on irrespective of injury .
drugs and hypnosis were all very well as tools for coping with the hormonal storms caused by the superhuman organs his body housed ; but what he must attain swiftly was a superhuman mind which could command the body to fight on [regardless] of injury .

The philosophy that underpins this statement of purpose is the belief that every individual human being in our society has rights of citizenship and the potentiality to participate as a citizen , irrespective of gender , ethnic origin , cultural background or physical or mental ability .
the philosophy that underpins this statement of purpose is the belief that every individual human being in our society has rights of citizenship and the potentiality to participate as a citizen , [regardless] of gender , ethnic origin , cultural background or physical or mental ability .

When employing labour direct the builder is committed to pay his employees , irrespective of the quantity and quality of their output .
when employing labour direct the builder is committed to pay his employees , [regardless] of the quantity and quality of their output .

Irrespective of which method is used , full details of the sub-contractor 's background , including employment history , should be obtained by a requirement either to complete an application form or to attend an interview .
[regardless] of which method is used , full details of the sub-contractor 's background , including employment history , should be obtained by a requirement either to complete an application form or to attend an interview .

Contra-charges may arise against the sub-contractor as a result of : damage to materials , plant or completed work damage caused to the work of other trades faulty workmanship which the sub-contractor fails to rectify delays to the contract programme which may result , for example , in increased plant hire charges or claims by the client , against the builder , for liquidated damages excessive wastage of materials through negligence irrespective of whether such wastage is direct or indirect ( see Chapter 5 ) .
contra-charges may arise against the sub-contractor as a result of : damage to materials , plant or completed work damage caused to the work of other trades faulty workmanship which the sub-contractor fails to rectify delays to the contract programme which may result , for example , in increased plant hire charges or claims by the client , against the builder , for liquidated damages excessive wastage of materials through negligence [regardless] of whether such wastage is direct or indirect ( see chapter 5 ) .

Irrespective of which method is used by the gang leader to divide payments , problems will arise if the trade skill and quality and quantity of output of the gang members is mismatched .
[regardless] of which method is used by the gang leader to divide payments , problems will arise if the trade skill and quality and quantity of output of the gang members is mismatched .

These payments must be made irrespective of whether or not tax has been deducted from the sub-contractors ' payments .
these payments must be made [regardless] of whether or not tax has been deducted from the sub-contractors ' payments .

Once a potential site has been identified , irrespective of how the site has been located or the method of disposal , it is essential that a detailed site Investigation and market research is undertaken .
once a potential site has been identified , [regardless] of how the site has been located or the method of disposal , it is essential that a detailed site investigation and market research is undertaken .

This restriction will apply irrespective of the view expressed by the planning authorities .
this restriction will apply [regardless] of the view expressed by the planning authorities .

Whatever the difficulties involved in applying Halliday 's model of thematic analysis to a given language , and irrespective of whether it is possible to reproduce the thematic patterning of the source text on a given occasion , one thing is certain : translators must not underestimate the cumulative effect of thematic choices on the way we interpret text . As Fries points out ,
whatever the difficulties involved in applying halliday 's model of thematic analysis to a given language , and [regardless] of whether it is possible to reproduce the thematic patterning of the source text on a given occasion , one thing is certain : translators must not underestimate the cumulative effect of thematic choices on the way we interpret text . as fries points out ,

Irrespective of the specific examples used by Firbas , this view implies that , generally speaking , in languages with relatively free word order there will be less tension between the requirements of syntax and those of communicative function .
[regardless] of the specific examples used by firbas , this view implies that , generally speaking , in languages with relatively free word order there will be less tension between the requirements of syntax and those of communicative function .

Only a few , largely of the younger members , consider that at least for the first few years after an election , the House as a whole should keep a wary eye on the government and seek to support or influence its policy irrespective of the line taken by the official Opposition .
only a few , largely of the younger members , consider that at least for the first few years after an election , the house as a whole should keep a wary eye on the government and seek to support or influence its policy [regardless] of the line taken by the official opposition .

This is a preliminary timetable resolution which requires the vote to be put on certain clauses at a certain time , irrespective of whether all the amendments to the clause or to previous clauses have been discussed .
this is a preliminary timetable resolution which requires the vote to be put on certain clauses at a certain time , [regardless] of whether all the amendments to the clause or to previous clauses have been discussed .

In office each party wants to enforce its views irrespective of local opinion ; in opposition , it is convenient to uphold the right of local councils to make their own decisions .
in office each party wants to enforce its views [regardless] of local opinion ; in opposition , it is convenient to uphold the right of local councils to make their own decisions .

In other words , a large proportion of the elderly receiving supplementary benefit are elderly women living alone and apart from those belonging to the very top socio-economic group , such women may be in receipt of supplementary benefit irrespective of the socio economic background of themselves or their deceased husbands .
in other words , a large proportion of the elderly receiving supplementary benefit are elderly women living alone and apart from those belonging to the very top socio-economic group , such women may be in receipt of supplementary benefit [regardless] of the socio economic background of themselves or their deceased husbands .

In another sense , however , they are part of the same package for they are part of government attempts to bring employment and labour together irrespective of whether the aid is given to industry or to labour .
in another sense , however , they are part of the same package for they are part of government attempts to bring employment and labour together [regardless] of whether the aid is given to industry or to labour .

Government aid is necessary to counter market forces which operate in favour of the affluent regions where maximum profits can be made quickly , irrespective of long-term national considerations .
government aid is necessary to counter market forces which operate in favour of the affluent regions where maximum profits can be made quickly , [regardless] of long-term national considerations .

They make three main criticisms : Regional policy has been too weak to counteract the tendency of large capitalist enterprises to move where it is most profitable from the immediate point of view and irrespective of social consequences on the local community .
they make three main criticisms : regional policy has been too weak to counteract the tendency of large capitalist enterprises to move where it is most profitable from the immediate point of view and [regardless] of social consequences on the local community .

It is paid irrespective of any other income coming to the striker or his family .
it is paid [regardless] of any other income coming to the striker or his family .

Concern with the disincentive effects of taxation has , however , been a continual theme during the whole period covered by this study irrespective of the prevalent rates of taxation or the level of public expenditure .
concern with the disincentive effects of taxation has , however , been a continual theme during the whole period covered by this study [regardless] of the prevalent rates of taxation or the level of public expenditure .

Now the purpose of relying on a rights- based argument is frequently to claim an entitlement to act irrespective of the consequences for others , and so if the idea of rights is to be coherent we must accept that a freedom to act in the face of at least some adverse social outcomes is entailed .
now the purpose of relying on a rights- based argument is frequently to claim an entitlement to act [regardless] of the consequences for others , and so if the idea of rights is to be coherent we must accept that a freedom to act in the face of at least some adverse social outcomes is entailed .

It would , however , be preferable for the standard to be linked to the role being performed , irrespective of the actual talents of the individual performing it , since there is no reason why an under-qualified director should enjoy a partial immunity .
it would , however , be preferable for the standard to be linked to the role being performed , [regardless] of the actual talents of the individual performing it , since there is no reason why an under-qualified director should enjoy a partial immunity .

Expenditure on what are termed non-contributory benefits , benefits paid to whole groups of claimants irrespective of their level of income , such as invalidity benefit and the attendance allowance , has risen by 290 per cent .
expenditure on what are termed non-contributory benefits , benefits paid to whole groups of claimants [regardless] of their level of income , such as invalidity benefit and the attendance allowance , has risen by 290 per cent .

In contrast , because child benefit is paid irrespective of income levels , it acts as an income floor on which people can build by their own efforts , and from which there is no disincentive effect .
in contrast , because child benefit is paid [regardless] of income levels , it acts as an income floor on which people can build by their own efforts , and from which there is no disincentive effect .

This suggests caution in imputing too much in the way of intrinsic superiority from the actor 's point of view to Japanese management practices , irrespective of the reasons for this low satisfaction .
this suggests caution in imputing too much in the way of intrinsic superiority from the actor 's point of view to japanese management practices , [regardless] of the reasons for this low satisfaction .

Section 24 applies to all partnerships irrespective of the provisions of a given partnership deed .
section 24 applies to all partnerships [regardless] of the provisions of a given partnership deed .

However , this barrier was removed by s. 3 of the 1978 Act , the effect of which has been to enable a party to bring an action against any one partner for the recovery of the partnership debt irrespective of the liability of other partners .
however , this barrier was removed by s. 3 of the 1978 act , the effect of which has been to enable a party to bring an action against any one partner for the recovery of the partnership debt [regardless] of the liability of other partners .

They are defined as firms or enterprises whose final output is in some sense non-material , irrespective of the types of occupation that make up a firm 's labour force .
they are defined as firms or enterprises whose final output is in some sense non-material , [regardless] of the types of occupation that make up a firm 's labour force .

Effectiveness indicates whether results have been achieved , irrespective of the resources used to achieve those results .
effectiveness indicates whether results have been achieved , [regardless] of the resources used to achieve those results .

Let us for the moment take it as established that dog has a general sense , denoting the whole species , irrespective of sex .
let us for the moment take it as established that dog has a general sense , denoting the whole species , [regardless] of sex .

noun , verb , adjective ) as justifying a separate main entry , irrespective of the presence or absence of recurrent relationships .
noun , verb , adjective ) as justifying a separate main entry , [regardless] of the presence or absence of recurrent relationships .

In 1696 an Act of Parliament `` for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen `` had provided that mariners , irrespective of rank , should pay 6d .
in 1696 an act of parliament `` for the encouragement and increase of seamen `` had provided that mariners , [regardless] of rank , should pay 6d .

The Soviet Government , without giving reasons , was demanding as of right the repatriation of all its citizens displaced by the war , without exception and irrespective of their wishes .
the soviet government , without giving reasons , was demanding as of right the repatriation of all its citizens displaced by the war , without exception and [regardless] of their wishes .

The ‘ proactive ’ fishkeeper will medicate with malachite green and formalin , every spring and autumn , to bring down populations of protozoan parasites , and he does this irrespective of whether or not the fish are showing signs of discomfort .
the ‘ proactive ’ fishkeeper will medicate with malachite green and formalin , every spring and autumn , to bring down populations of protozoan parasites , and he does this [regardless] of whether or not the fish are showing signs of discomfort .

1 is that if PHCNs are to be agents of change , then they need appropriately-trained trainers to facilitate their skills development irrespective of whether they are doctors , nurses or professors .
1 is that if phcns are to be agents of change , then they need appropriately-trained trainers to facilitate their skills development [regardless] of whether they are doctors , nurses or professors .

Policies should aim to create and improve accessible landscapes , and not just to preserve all land around cities , irrespective of quality .
policies should aim to create and improve accessible landscapes , and not just to preserve all land around cities , [regardless] of quality .

One problem is that key settlements have been seen as panacea for all rural problems , irrespective of social and regional context .
one problem is that key settlements have been seen as panacea for all rural problems , [regardless] of social and regional context .

Therefore , arbitrage can lead to the sale or purchase of very large blocks of shares , irrespective of the price , in the few minutes when the delivery price is determined .
therefore , arbitrage can lead to the sale or purchase of very large blocks of shares , [regardless] of the price , in the few minutes when the delivery price is determined .

By contrast , the husbands , irrespective of their employment status , nearly always had some ‘ pocket money ’ ( although the sum may have been reduced ) which reflected their control over the family finances .
by contrast , the husbands , [regardless] of their employment status , nearly always had some ‘ pocket money ’ ( although the sum may have been reduced ) which reflected their control over the family finances .

Research suggests that , irrespective of ethnic affiliation , women are primarily responsible for the health and care of children , and that this figures as a central and defining source of their identity ( Mayall , 1986 ; Warrier , 1988 ; Afshar , 1989 ; Phoenix , 1991 ) .
research suggests that , [regardless] of ethnic affiliation , women are primarily responsible for the health and care of children , and that this figures as a central and defining source of their identity ( mayall , 1986 ; warrier , 1988 ; afshar , 1989 ; phoenix , 1991 ) .

Hysteroscopy and endometrial biopsy have an important role in the management of abnormal uterine bleeding , but all young sexually active women should have a cervical swab taken to detect chlamydia in the first instance , irrespective of the sexual history .
hysteroscopy and endometrial biopsy have an important role in the management of abnormal uterine bleeding , but all young sexually active women should have a cervical swab taken to detect chlamydia in the first instance , [regardless] of the sexual history .

Resolution was delayed in younger children and in those whose parents smoked , irrespective of treatment .
resolution was delayed in younger children and in those whose parents smoked , [regardless] of treatment .

Resolution was longer in younger children and those whose parent ( s ) smoked , irrespective of treatment .
resolution was longer in younger children and those whose parent ( s ) smoked , [regardless] of treatment .

Effective pain control , irrespective of the type of pain , is often best achieved by a combination of drugs , including non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents , tricyclic antidepressants , and anticonvulsants , as well as opiates .
effective pain control , [regardless] of the type of pain , is often best achieved by a combination of drugs , including non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents , tricyclic antidepressants , and anticonvulsants , as well as opiates .

Irrespective of any effects of antihypertensive drugs , systolic blood pressure itself correlates with risk of cancer .
[regardless] of any effects of antihypertensive drugs , systolic blood pressure itself correlates with risk of cancer .

Patients were placed in mutually exclusive groups according to type of antihypertensive treatment : any record of atenolol treatment irrespective of other concomitant treatments ; any record of another β blocker irrespective of other concomitant treatments except atenolol ; any record of methyldopa treatment irrespective of concomitant treatments except any β blocker ; or any record of diuretic treatment irrespective of other concomitant treatments except any βblocker or methyldopa .
patients were placed in mutually exclusive groups according to type of antihypertensive treatment : any record of atenolol treatment [regardless] of other concomitant treatments ; any record of another β blocker [regardless] of other concomitant treatments except atenolol ; any record of methyldopa treatment [regardless] of concomitant treatments except any β blocker ; or any record of diuretic treatment [regardless] of other concomitant treatments except any βblocker or methyldopa .

Irrespective of the content of each novel , whether it is a tale of apprenticeship ( Antoine Bloye and la Conspiration ) , or of confrontation ( Le Cheval de Troie ) , the formal articulation of the content is achieved by means of two competing discourses .
[regardless] of the content of each novel , whether it is a tale of apprenticeship ( antoine bloye and la conspiration ) , or of confrontation ( le cheval de troie ) , the formal articulation of the content is achieved by means of two competing discourses .

It is assumed , in addition , that all significant propositions , irrespective of their truth or falsity , must in principle be explicable in terms of propositions about such entities as a condition of their significance .
it is assumed , in addition , that all significant propositions , [regardless] of their truth or falsity , must in principle be explicable in terms of propositions about such entities as a condition of their significance .

But the main point is this : that irrespective of whether an analysis is embarked upon from the position of an openly stated or tacitly assumed ontological bias , or whether , on the contrary , the question of an ultimate choice of basic ontological existents is deliberately left undecided , it is usually taken for granted that the concept of an ontological existent is in general well understood .
but the main point is this : that [regardless] of whether an analysis is embarked upon from the position of an openly stated or tacitly assumed ontological bias , or whether , on the contrary , the question of an ultimate choice of basic ontological existents is deliberately left undecided , it is usually taken for granted that the concept of an ontological existent is in general well understood .

Thus the name `` Shakespeare `` rigidly refers to Shakespeare , irrespective of whether we happen to be talking about what Shakespeare did or wrote , or did not do or write but might have done or written , i.e .
thus the name `` shakespeare `` rigidly refers to shakespeare , [regardless] of whether we happen to be talking about what shakespeare did or wrote , or did not do or write but might have done or written , i.e .

There is no doubt , of course , that when a given symbol ( irrespective of its `` descriptive content `` ) is accorded the status of a name , it acquires the privileged position of a representative of the biographical identity of the object it names , and by virtue of this very fact it can no longer be equated with any description , or series of descriptions . ``
there is no doubt , of course , that when a given symbol ( [regardless] of its `` descriptive content `` ) is accorded the status of a name , it acquires the privileged position of a representative of the biographical identity of the object it names , and by virtue of this very fact it can no longer be equated with any description , or series of descriptions . ``

This follows from Cantor 's proof showing that the number of possible selections from a given set of objects necessarily exceeds the number of the actual members of that set , irrespective of how many members the set happens to have .
this follows from cantor 's proof showing that the number of possible selections from a given set of objects necessarily exceeds the number of the actual members of that set , [regardless] of how many members the set happens to have .

Moreover they remain meaningful irrespective of whether Jones has read or even heard of Tolstoy .
moreover they remain meaningful [regardless] of whether jones has read or even heard of tolstoy .

This can not be asserted as a metaphysical proposition ; as something , that is , which is true of the world of existents irrespective of the manner in which existents are given in our experience .
this can not be asserted as a metaphysical proposition ; as something , that is , which is true of the world of existents [regardless] of the manner in which existents are given in our experience .

Nor does their intelligibility ( irrespective of their truth or falsehood ) necessarily depend upon the intelligibility of some other statements that might be characterised as `` irreducibly relational `` — in the pluralistic sense of `` relational `` .
nor does their intelligibility ( [regardless] of their truth or falsehood ) necessarily depend upon the intelligibility of some other statements that might be characterised as `` irreducibly relational `` — in the pluralistic sense of `` relational `` .

This status spreads from one situation to another , irrespective of the different activities in which people engage .
this status spreads from one situation to another , [regardless] of the different activities in which people engage .

This indeed may be one reason why animals that find protection in these great aggregations are nearly always virtually identical in appearance , irrespective of age or sex .
this indeed may be one reason why animals that find protection in these great aggregations are nearly always virtually identical in appearance , [regardless] of age or sex .

But Mr. Munby so treated them because , in his submission , section 8 conferred complete autonomy on such minors , thus enabling them effectively to refuse medical treatment irrespective of how parental responsibilities might be sought to be exercised .
but mr. munby so treated them because , in his submission , section 8 conferred complete autonomy on such minors , thus enabling them effectively to refuse medical treatment [regardless] of how parental responsibilities might be sought to be exercised .

If a transaction satisfies these requirements , the section applies , irrespective of the situation of the property , irrespective of the nationality or residence of the other party , and irrespective of the law which governs the transaction .
if a transaction satisfies these requirements , the section applies , [regardless] of the situation of the property , [regardless] of the nationality or residence of the other party , and [regardless] of the law which governs the transaction .

‘ was not aware of the nature of the document which she signed , then the bank would be unable to enforce the charge against her , irrespective of agency , unless … the bank manager took adequate steps to explain the document .
‘ was not aware of the nature of the document which she signed , then the bank would be unable to enforce the charge against her , [regardless] of agency , unless … the bank manager took adequate steps to explain the document .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … What notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor [regardless] of any question of agency … what notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor [regardless] of any question of agency .

Mr. Gardiner relied on this case as demonstrating that it was considered self-evident that the right to recovery arose directly from the unlawful exaction irrespective of whether any element of compulsion existed .
mr. gardiner relied on this case as demonstrating that it was considered self-evident that the right to recovery arose directly from the unlawful exaction [regardless] of whether any element of compulsion existed .

This is because the obligation ( if any ) on the United Kingdom to make good any damage suffered by Wickes will arise irrespective of any undertaking in damages given by the council .
this is because the obligation ( if any ) on the united kingdom to make good any damage suffered by wickes will arise [regardless] of any undertaking in damages given by the council .

The first is that the effect of such an undertaking would be to impose an obligation on the council to indemnify Wickes against damage suffered by it , in the event of section 47 being held to be invalid as inconsistent with article 30 , irrespective of whether in such circumstances Wickes has a right to damages — i.e .
the first is that the effect of such an undertaking would be to impose an obligation on the council to indemnify wickes against damage suffered by it , in the event of section 47 being held to be invalid as inconsistent with article 30 , [regardless] of whether in such circumstances wickes has a right to damages — i.e .

, irrespective of whether the Bourgoin case is wrongly decided .
, [regardless] of whether the bourgoin case is wrongly decided .

The physical consequences of nicotine addiction ( and of nicotine use , irrespective of addiction ) are well known and dramatic but nonetheless frequently , denied on a day-to-day basis . ``
the physical consequences of nicotine addiction ( and of nicotine use , [regardless] of addiction ) are well known and dramatic but nonetheless frequently , denied on a day-to-day basis . ``

Thirdly , irrespective of the source or Priority of the information , any Particular individual will psychologically `` filter `` out what he or she does not think important , or what he or she does not want to know .
thirdly , [regardless] of the source or priority of the information , any particular individual will psychologically `` filter `` out what he or she does not think important , or what he or she does not want to know .

When SBUs reach the last phase of their life-cycle ( irrespective of whether a cost-leadership or differentiated-product strategy is being employed ) , there are still further options available which will need to be understood by the accountant in order to ensure that all options are considered and relevant financial profiles selected .
when sbus reach the last phase of their life-cycle ( [regardless] of whether a cost-leadership or differentiated-product strategy is being employed ) , there are still further options available which will need to be understood by the accountant in order to ensure that all options are considered and relevant financial profiles selected .

These studies independently suggested that , irrespective of whether a company is more or less integrated in structure , different levels of the organization have distinct roles in investment decision-making .
these studies independently suggested that , [regardless] of whether a company is more or less integrated in structure , different levels of the organization have distinct roles in investment decision-making .

Irrespective of how much order is or is not present in organizations , Cohen , March and Olsen recognized that people have experience and formulate standard responses to situations .
[regardless] of how much order is or is not present in organizations , cohen , march and olsen recognized that people have experience and formulate standard responses to situations .

All visitors were exhorted to treat the poor courteously , but in general it was optimistically believed that women would be able to talk to women irrespective of social class : not until the 1900s were the difficulties of cross-class communication acknowledged more honestly .
all visitors were exhorted to treat the poor courteously , but in general it was optimistically believed that women would be able to talk to women [regardless] of social class : not until the 1900s were the difficulties of cross-class communication acknowledged more honestly .

Provided that we do not assume that all renewal cases warrant more procedural protection than all initial application cases , irrespective of the nature of the substantive area under scrutiny , then such ranking is both necessary and helpful .
provided that we do not assume that all renewal cases warrant more procedural protection than all initial application cases , [regardless] of the nature of the substantive area under scrutiny , then such ranking is both necessary and helpful .

The jurisdiction of the Visitor is exclusive , and covers all matters relating to the internal or domestic laws of the foundation , irrespective of whether a particular claim could , for example , be formulated as one involving a breach of contract .
the jurisdiction of the visitor is exclusive , and covers all matters relating to the internal or domestic laws of the foundation , [regardless] of whether a particular claim could , for example , be formulated as one involving a breach of contract .

Nevertheless , and irrespective of the debate on the degree of influence of annual weather variations on long-term ozone trends , the fact that 101 areas in the country failed to meet the 0.12 ppm ozone standard in 1988 is extremely worrying .
nevertheless , and [regardless] of the debate on the degree of influence of annual weather variations on long-term ozone trends , the fact that 101 areas in the country failed to meet the 0.12 ppm ozone standard in 1988 is extremely worrying .

It consists of two elements : ( i ) domestic rate relief , paid to enable authorities to relieve domestic ratepayers of a certain proportion of their rates ( currently 18.5p in the ) ; ( ii ) block grant , intended to supplement an authority 's own finances so that , irrespective of individual local needs and resources , it can provide a similar standard of service for a similar rate poundage to other authorities of the same class .
it consists of two elements : ( i ) domestic rate relief , paid to enable authorities to relieve domestic ratepayers of a certain proportion of their rates ( currently 18.5p in the ) ; ( ii ) block grant , intended to supplement an authority 's own finances so that , [regardless] of individual local needs and resources , it can provide a similar standard of service for a similar rate poundage to other authorities of the same class .

Labour councils also paid higher subsidies in the housing field than other councils , irrespective of needs or resource availability .
labour councils also paid higher subsidies in the housing field than other councils , [regardless] of needs or resource availability .

The match is to be played at Portmarnock Golf Club near Dublin and irrespective of what happens in the pro game this will be one of the main events in the golfing calendar .
the match is to be played at portmarnock golf club near dublin and [regardless] of what happens in the pro game this will be one of the main events in the golfing calendar .

Ensuring that all children irrespective of sex , ethnic origin and geographical location have access to broadly the same , sound curriculum .
ensuring that all children [regardless] of sex , ethnic origin and geographical location have access to broadly the same , sound curriculum .

Irrespective of charges , there is a discernible trend toward higher parental contributions to state education .
[regardless] of charges , there is a discernible trend toward higher parental contributions to state education .

One of the problems with these job losses is that they were almost entirely unplanned : anyone who wanted to take severance or early retirement was allowed to do so irrespective of its effects on the department concerned and on the shape of the university .
one of the problems with these job losses is that they were almost entirely unplanned : anyone who wanted to take severance or early retirement was allowed to do so [regardless] of its effects on the department concerned and on the shape of the university .

In addition , people are going to find themselves paying higher rents , irrespective of whether they live in privately rented , housing association or local authority property .
in addition , people are going to find themselves paying higher rents , [regardless] of whether they live in privately rented , housing association or local authority property .

In the long run we aim to introduce a Citizen 's income , a payment to every individual , irrespective of sex , marital status , income of employment status .
in the long run we aim to introduce a citizen 's income , a payment to every individual , [regardless] of sex , marital status , income of employment status .

The Historic Voters Roll will address this problem by providing a mechanism to confirm the existence of any supplied address , irrespective of whether an elector is currently registered there .
the historic voters roll will address this problem by providing a mechanism to confirm the existence of any supplied address , [regardless] of whether an elector is currently registered there .

The Department of Education and Science remains unwilling to declare its criteria for the recognition of overseas qualifications ; one suspects that the decisions are not based on any defined criteria , when one considers that British degrees are recognised irrespective of the class and subject in which they were taken , whilst a first degree in a community language from an overseas university will not generally be recognised .
the department of education and science remains unwilling to declare its criteria for the recognition of overseas qualifications ; one suspects that the decisions are not based on any defined criteria , when one considers that british degrees are recognised [regardless] of the class and subject in which they were taken , whilst a first degree in a community language from an overseas university will not generally be recognised .

‘ Derivation ’ sees among the effects of the innate tendency to change irrespective of altered circumstances , a manifestation of creative power in the variety and beauty of the results .
‘ derivation ’ sees among the effects of the innate tendency to change [regardless] of altered circumstances , a manifestation of creative power in the variety and beauty of the results .

Irrespective of the means provided to bring automatic roof vents and sprinkler systems into operations , automatic fire detection able to sense the presence of a smouldering fire may be important to reduce damage to some forms of goods if the premises are to be at any time unoccupied .
[regardless] of the means provided to bring automatic roof vents and sprinkler systems into operations , automatic fire detection able to sense the presence of a smouldering fire may be important to reduce damage to some forms of goods if the premises are to be at any time unoccupied .

Now , irrespective of the soundness of believing that universities did actually work vigorously to review and develop the quality of their courses and did in practice operate as self-critical academic communities , these ideas are not immediately compatible .
now , [regardless] of the soundness of believing that universities did actually work vigorously to review and develop the quality of their courses and did in practice operate as self-critical academic communities , these ideas are not immediately compatible .

Academic excellence comes to be defined in terms of research excellence , irrespective of an academic 's qualities as a teacher .
academic excellence comes to be defined in terms of research excellence , [regardless] of an academic 's qualities as a teacher .

On top of this , it is always possible for the form of discourse to be made more open , so that all academics have a hearing , irrespective of their rank or reputation .
on top of this , it is always possible for the form of discourse to be made more open , so that all academics have a hearing , [regardless] of their rank or reputation .

But irrespective of the legal position , the character of the teaching process is such that higher education teachers have to pay attention to the expectations and perceptions of their students .
but [regardless] of the legal position , the character of the teaching process is such that higher education teachers have to pay attention to the expectations and perceptions of their students .

Within the workplace inequality and conflict are inextricably bound up , irrespective of the relationship between particular managements and workforces .
within the workplace inequality and conflict are inextricably bound up , [regardless] of the relationship between particular managements and workforces .

Irrespective of his merits , the weakness in Scrope 's position made success in his office unlikely .
[regardless] of his merits , the weakness in scrope 's position made success in his office unlikely .

The re-emergence of feminism in the 1960s is important for women because whatever other political struggles we might be engaged in , our subordination to men individually and collectively is a condition we share with all women irrespective of class , race and sexual preference .
the re-emergence of feminism in the 1960s is important for women because whatever other political struggles we might be engaged in , our subordination to men individually and collectively is a condition we share with all women [regardless] of class , race and sexual preference .

In spite of this instruction Thorndyke actually followed the procedure of Bransford and Johnson ( 1972 ) and scored the amount of information recalled irrespective of whether the exact wording was remembered .
in spite of this instruction thorndyke actually followed the procedure of bransford and johnson ( 1972 ) and scored the amount of information recalled [regardless] of whether the exact wording was remembered .

Ornamental pool fish that are commonly sold to the pond owners usually live amicably together , irrespective of size or species .
ornamental pool fish that are commonly sold to the pond owners usually live amicably together , [regardless] of size or species .

This conduct is considered to be common to all states , irrespective of their domestic political arrangements .
this conduct is considered to be common to all states , [regardless] of their domestic political arrangements .

There is a sense in which scientific management is concerned with a way of thinking about organisations irrespective of the individual prescriptions of individual writers and researchers . It links into organisational structure insofar as structure is concerned with :
there is a sense in which scientific management is concerned with a way of thinking about organisations [regardless] of the individual prescriptions of individual writers and researchers . it links into organisational structure insofar as structure is concerned with :

The Hawthorne experiments that we discussed earlier indicated that peer group pressure was more important in determining an acceptable level of output irrespective of the demands of management .
the hawthorne experiments that we discussed earlier indicated that peer group pressure was more important in determining an acceptable level of output [regardless] of the demands of management .

Thus to ask the civil servant to cut costs irrespective of the effect on the quality of the service provided may be difficult not only if the civil servant does not possess the appropriate financial skills but also if the civil servant takes pride in the quality of service provided .
thus to ask the civil servant to cut costs [regardless] of the effect on the quality of the service provided may be difficult not only if the civil servant does not possess the appropriate financial skills but also if the civil servant takes pride in the quality of service provided .

It is organizationally unidirectional , filtering fitfully up the management hierarchy , irrespective of the extent to which it is attuned to the current preoccupations of senior management .
it is organizationally unidirectional , filtering fitfully up the management hierarchy , [regardless] of the extent to which it is attuned to the current preoccupations of senior management .

The scheme was not greatly used and was complemented by a Voluntary Advice Scheme under which solicitors would give up to half-hour 's advice for a fiat fee of £1 paid by the client irrespective of means .
the scheme was not greatly used and was complemented by a voluntary advice scheme under which solicitors would give up to half-hour 's advice for a fiat fee of £1 paid by the client [regardless] of means .

All those who receive legal services are entitled to expect the same standard of legal service irrespective of their personal circumstances ;
all those who receive legal services are entitled to expect the same standard of legal service [regardless] of their personal circumstances ;

provision for a free initial half-hour interview with a solicitor , available irrespective of means .
provision for a free initial half-hour interview with a solicitor , available [regardless] of means .

There are , nevertheless , features of the Maastricht text which raise questions of general legal interest , irrespective of its fate .
there are , nevertheless , features of the maastricht text which raise questions of general legal interest , [regardless] of its fate .

Be that as it may , this is an area where the dividing line between Community activity and Union activity could change , irrespective of whether another diplomatic conference is held .
be that as it may , this is an area where the dividing line between community activity and union activity could change , [regardless] of whether another diplomatic conference is held .

It may be committed where sexual intercourse takes place between a man and his daughter , sister , or half-sister , mother or grand-daughter irrespective of whether the relationship is traced through ‘ lawful wedlock , ’ and irrespective of whether consent is present .
it may be committed where sexual intercourse takes place between a man and his daughter , sister , or half-sister , mother or grand-daughter [regardless] of whether the relationship is traced through ‘ lawful wedlock , ’ and [regardless] of whether consent is present .

‘ Irrespective of its ability either to discourage certain forms of behaviour , or to bring offenders to justice , the law should delineate and prohibit behaviour which is socially abhorrent .
‘ [regardless] of its ability either to discourage certain forms of behaviour , or to bring offenders to justice , the law should delineate and prohibit behaviour which is socially abhorrent .

Irrespective of the outcome of reform , the Council 's response document ‘ Making the Right Choice ’ put forward Lothian 's case in a way that has been widely commended .
[regardless] of the outcome of reform , the council 's response document ‘ making the right choice ’ put forward lothian 's case in a way that has been widely commended .

Irrespective of the over-dramatic ending to this tale , it serves to illustrate the all-too-often unrecognised efforts of our staff in their particular responsibilities .
[regardless] of the over-dramatic ending to this tale , it serves to illustrate the all-too-often unrecognised efforts of our staff in their particular responsibilities .

This obligation arises irrespective of the attitude of the board to the offer ;
this obligation arises [regardless] of the attitude of the board to the offer ;

If the misdescription is material the tenant would be able to rescind the agreement irrespective of whether or not the word `` immaterial `` is included in clause 11.3 .
if the misdescription is material the tenant would be able to rescind the agreement [regardless] of whether or not the word `` immaterial `` is included in clause 11.3 .

5.12.4 Unless the Landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the Term any works required to be carried out to or in the Premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the Term irrespective of the date by which such works were required to be carried out It is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .
5.12.4 unless the landlord shall otherwise direct to carry out and complete before the expiry of the term any works required to be carried out to or in the premises as a condition of any planning permission which may have been granted during the term [regardless] of the date by which such works were required to be carried out it is understandable that a landlord will wish to ensure that the tenant not only complies with planning legislation but also does not make application for planning permission without the landlord 's consent .

Here we find similarities with the position in breach of contract where the courts have recognised the innominate term as a method of reducing the hardship of categorising terms of the contract , irrespective of the consequences of the breach , as conditions ( see below ) .
here we find similarities with the position in breach of contract where the courts have recognised the innominate term as a method of reducing the hardship of categorising terms of the contract , [regardless] of the consequences of the breach , as conditions ( see below ) .

( 3 ) To make `` total loss `` the only test of a condition is contrary to authority , for example , terms as to the time of shipment , delivery and payment have been traditionally regarded as conditions , irrespective of the fact that failure to comply with them does not always have serious consequences .
( 3 ) to make `` total loss `` the only test of a condition is contrary to authority , for example , terms as to the time of shipment , delivery and payment have been traditionally regarded as conditions , [regardless] of the fact that failure to comply with them does not always have serious consequences .

In England , the public interest is solely protected by the criminal law where s75 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 makes it a strict liability offence to sell an unroadworthy vehicle , irrespective of the nature of the sales transaction .
in england , the public interest is solely protected by the criminal law where s75 of the road traffic act 1988 makes it a strict liability offence to sell an unroadworthy vehicle , [regardless] of the nature of the sales transaction .

This is the case irrespective of whether the supplier himself has exercised all reasonable care and skill and has not been careless , so liability is strict .
this is the case [regardless] of whether the supplier himself has exercised all reasonable care and skill and has not been careless , so liability is strict .

This was abolished in 1972 and consequently the prosecution must now convince a more representative sample of the population that a publisher ought to be punished : a sample , moreover , which has a constitutional right to acquit irrespective of the letter of the law .
this was abolished in 1972 and consequently the prosecution must now convince a more representative sample of the population that a publisher ought to be punished : a sample , moreover , which has a constitutional right to acquit [regardless] of the letter of the law .

Juries have freed journalists irrespective of the evidence where the defendant has acted in the public interest or the charge was oppressive .
juries have freed journalists [regardless] of the evidence where the defendant has acted in the public interest or the charge was oppressive .

Defendants are entitled to give evidence of their honest state of mind , and to explain why their dominant motive , irrespective of any dislike they may feel for the plaintiff , was to comment on a matter of public interest .
defendants are entitled to give evidence of their honest state of mind , and to explain why their dominant motive , [regardless] of any dislike they may feel for the plaintiff , was to comment on a matter of public interest .

You can pass a mix of string an numeric parameters to the same procedure or function and a function can return either a string or numeric value , irrespective of the type of parameters passed to it .
you can pass a mix of string an numeric parameters to the same procedure or function and a function can return either a string or numeric value , [regardless] of the type of parameters passed to it .

For example , Irrespective of the initial value of the loop control variable and the specified terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . For example ,
for example , [regardless] of the initial value of the loop control variable and the specified terminating value , the loop will execute at least once . for example ,

The `` Printer Filter `` provides a universal set of print format controls which may be used irrespective of the printer in use .
the `` printer filter `` provides a universal set of print format controls which may be used [regardless] of the printer in use .

Provided you use the `` Printer Editor `` ( ) to configure the Print Filter for your printer , your programs will work in exactly the same way irrespective of the printer in use .
provided you use the `` printer editor `` ( ) to configure the print filter for your printer , your programs will work in exactly the same way [regardless] of the printer in use .

For example , it could be the policy that each application should be dealt with very thoroughly and carefully , irrespective of the time and cost involved .
for example , it could be the policy that each application should be dealt with very thoroughly and carefully , [regardless] of the time and cost involved .

It is clear that under a system of well-conceived planning the resolution of competing claims and the allocation of land for the various requirements must proceed on the basis of selecting the most suitable land for the particular purpose , irrespective of the existing values which may attach to the individual parcels of land . Uthwatt Report 1942
it is clear that under a system of well-conceived planning the resolution of competing claims and the allocation of land for the various requirements must proceed on the basis of selecting the most suitable land for the particular purpose , [regardless] of the existing values which may attach to the individual parcels of land . uthwatt report 1942

Nevertheless , the owner of the land on which development is prohibited will claim compensation for the full potential development of his land , irrespective of the fact that the value may shift to another site .
nevertheless , the owner of the land on which development is prohibited will claim compensation for the full potential development of his land , [regardless] of the fact that the value may shift to another site .

An owner now obtained ( in theory at least ) the same price for his land irrespective of whether he sold it to a private individual or to a public authority .
an owner now obtained ( in theory at least ) the same price for his land [regardless] of whether he sold it to a private individual or to a public authority .

Secondly , though the net price obtained by the owner of land should have been the same irrespective of whether the body to whom he sold it was private or public , some owners might have been unwilling to sell to the commission .
secondly , though the net price obtained by the owner of land should have been the same [regardless] of whether the body to whom he sold it was private or public , some owners might have been unwilling to sell to the commission .

Firstly , the event itself must be dealt with ( arrow f , Figure 7.1 ) , and secondly , irrespective of its threatening implications , there will be coping responses for getting through and managing the resulting distress ( arrow g , Figure 7.1 ) .
firstly , the event itself must be dealt with ( arrow f , figure 7.1 ) , and secondly , [regardless] of its threatening implications , there will be coping responses for getting through and managing the resulting distress ( arrow g , figure 7.1 ) .

Never was she seen alongside her contemporaries , judged only as an artist , irrespective of her sex .
never was she seen alongside her contemporaries , judged only as an artist , [regardless] of her sex .

Irrespective of the mechanism initiating basin formation the amount of subsidence will be amplified by the weight of sediments which accumulate .
[regardless] of the mechanism initiating basin formation the amount of subsidence will be amplified by the weight of sediments which accumulate .

Although we might expect bedrock mineralogy to exert a pervasive control over the products of chemical weathering this is not the case , at least at the broad scale , both because the rocks and minerals exposed at the Earth 's surface are dominated by just two or three types ( Table 6.5 ) , and because prolonged weathering tends to lead to a convergence of secondary mineral types irrespective of parent material mineralogy .
although we might expect bedrock mineralogy to exert a pervasive control over the products of chemical weathering this is not the case , at least at the broad scale , both because the rocks and minerals exposed at the earth 's surface are dominated by just two or three types ( table 6.5 ) , and because prolonged weathering tends to lead to a convergence of secondary mineral types [regardless] of parent material mineralogy .

Some training in computer methods and applications should be required for all university students irrespective of their subject , and this should be provided by a service teaching department .
some training in computer methods and applications should be required for all university students [regardless] of their subject , and this should be provided by a service teaching department .

These two assumptions together imply that , under the stipulated conditions of perfect competition , the capital stock will always be fully utilized irrespective of the extent of unemployment in the labour market .
these two assumptions together imply that , under the stipulated conditions of perfect competition , the capital stock will always be fully utilized [regardless] of the extent of unemployment in the labour market .

This begs the question : do producers respond only to perceived changes in the prices paid for their products in comparison to those paid for other products irrespective of what is happening to their costs of production ?
this begs the question : do producers respond only to perceived changes in the prices paid for their products in comparison to those paid for other products [regardless] of what is happening to their costs of production ?

It seems , prima facie , most reasonable that they deal with the question of liability in this area as they think fit , irrespective of the goods concerned .
it seems , prima facie , most reasonable that they deal with the question of liability in this area as they think fit , [regardless] of the goods concerned .

( c ) Under anti-discriminatory legislation The Sex Discrimination Acts 1976 and 1986 These apply to all partnerships irrespective of the number of partners ( before 1986 they only applied to partnerships with six or more partners ) .
( c ) under anti-discriminatory legislation the sex discrimination acts 1976 and 1986 these apply to all partnerships [regardless] of the number of partners ( before 1986 they only applied to partnerships with six or more partners ) .

Irrespective of the fact that the business has changed hands , creditors may associate the delay in payment with the business itself rather than the identity of the vendor .
[regardless] of the fact that the business has changed hands , creditors may associate the delay in payment with the business itself rather than the identity of the vendor .

That model will be designed , in evolution , for its suitability for useful internal representation , irrespective of the physical stimuli that come to it from outside .
that model will be designed , in evolution , for its suitability for useful internal representation , [regardless] of the physical stimuli that come to it from outside .

An independent State is presumed to have all the territorial competencies of a sovereign State from the time of its emergence as a State , irrespective of the terms of any treaty bringing it into existence .
an independent state is presumed to have all the territorial competencies of a sovereign state from the time of its emergence as a state , [regardless] of the terms of any treaty bringing it into existence .

Occasionally , perhaps , gerontophiliac tendencies account for the disruption of an engagement or marriage through attraction of one partner to the parent of the other ; but marriages are broken far more often through infatuation with a third party of a partner 's own age group , while attraction to an in-law may equally denote a need for a surrogate mother or father irrespective of true gerontophilia .
occasionally , perhaps , gerontophiliac tendencies account for the disruption of an engagement or marriage through attraction of one partner to the parent of the other ; but marriages are broken far more often through infatuation with a third party of a partner 's own age group , while attraction to an in-law may equally denote a need for a surrogate mother or father [regardless] of true gerontophilia .

Almost irrespective of the form of the initial contract , separation and divorce are fairly easy and much less subject to opprobrium than they were a generation ago .
almost [regardless] of the form of the initial contract , separation and divorce are fairly easy and much less subject to opprobrium than they were a generation ago .

During Dale 's tenure ( 1703–1752 ) the rents more than doubled but , of course , the Company was bound to pay only the due £10 irrespective of the actual yield , low or high , of the properties .
during dale 's tenure ( 1703–1752 ) the rents more than doubled but , of course , the company was bound to pay only the due £10 [regardless] of the actual yield , low or high , of the properties .

The Librarian should be paid on the Pelham scale or its exact equivalent … Irrespective of the number of hours of formal teaching he is called upon to do .
the librarian should be paid on the pelham scale or its exact equivalent … [regardless] of the number of hours of formal teaching he is called upon to do .

The beer wo n't change flavour because of the can 's design ; the book will read the same , irrespective of the dust-jacket ; and the food in the restaurant will taste just as good , whatever the interior design .
the beer wo n't change flavour because of the can 's design ; the book will read the same , [regardless] of the dust-jacket ; and the food in the restaurant will taste just as good , whatever the interior design .

That this Conference , while recording its desire to see working men in Parliament on the Unionist side , thinks it undesirable that any distinction should be made between them and other members , and therefore expresses the opinion that all Unionist organizations should select and support with all their power the best candidate they can find to represent their constituency , irrespective of his social and financial status .
that this conference , while recording its desire to see working men in parliament on the unionist side , thinks it undesirable that any distinction should be made between them and other members , and therefore expresses the opinion that all unionist organizations should select and support with all their power the best candidate they can find to represent their constituency , [regardless] of his social and financial status .

What has not been substantially deflected , however , is the practical assumption ( in teaching , if not in theory ) of an unchanging literary essence which is taken to inhere within some or other selection of English texts , irrespective of any introduction of parallel , contextual , or complementary studies .
what has not been substantially deflected , however , is the practical assumption ( in teaching , if not in theory ) of an unchanging literary essence which is taken to inhere within some or other selection of english texts , [regardless] of any introduction of parallel , contextual , or complementary studies .

That has always been one of the most heartening aspects of county cricket : mutual help , irrespective of the teams they represent .
that has always been one of the most heartening aspects of county cricket : mutual help , [regardless] of the teams they represent .

NatWest qualification is confined to the top 12 points-gatherers in Minor County cricket , irrespective of the division in which the counties play .
natwest qualification is confined to the top 12 points-gatherers in minor county cricket , [regardless] of the division in which the counties play .

There are plenty of examples in English criminal law of crimes which appear to include harmful consequences as a definitional element irrespective of any actual state of mind referable thereto : s. 47 , Offences Against the Person Act 1861 ; s. 51 ( 1 ) , Police Act 1964 ; s .
there are plenty of examples in english criminal law of crimes which appear to include harmful consequences as a definitional element [regardless] of any actual state of mind referable thereto : s. 47 , offences against the person act 1861 ; s. 51 ( 1 ) , police act 1964 ; s .

The perfectionist is a person who has problems setting priorities , and often ends up spending equal amounts of time and effort on tasks irrespective of their importance .
the perfectionist is a person who has problems setting priorities , and often ends up spending equal amounts of time and effort on tasks [regardless] of their importance .

Try to list all the possible options without thinking about them too closely . Brainstorm yourself , generating as many options as possible — just write down any option that comes into your head irrespective of how realistic or unrealistic :
try to list all the possible options without thinking about them too closely . brainstorm yourself , generating as many options as possible — just write down any option that comes into your head [regardless] of how realistic or unrealistic :

Whatever the specific features of the occupations chosen for study , samples tend uniformly to be male , or mostly male : this fact is hidden through the use of titles which purport to be describing work in general and the worker irrespective of gender .
whatever the specific features of the occupations chosen for study , samples tend uniformly to be male , or mostly male : this fact is hidden through the use of titles which purport to be describing work in general and the worker [regardless] of gender .

In other words , mental health is likely to be reduced in low skill occupations ( like housework ) irrespective of the worker 's previous educational background .
in other words , mental health is likely to be reduced in low skill occupations ( like housework ) [regardless] of the worker 's previous educational background .

Secondly , this performance measure is somewhat crude ; it measures whether the correct word was chosen or not , irrespective of the score or margin by which it succeeded over the other candidates .
secondly , this performance measure is somewhat crude ; it measures whether the correct word was chosen or not , [regardless] of the score or margin by which it succeeded over the other candidates .

Was there not the assurance that God had demonstrated a concern for humanity , irrespective of spatial coordinates ?
was there not the assurance that god had demonstrated a concern for humanity , [regardless] of spatial coordinates ?

Although the House of Commons has always contained some MPs who take an informed interest in the subject , they are in a small minority , irrespective of Party allegiance , being heavily outnumbered by those who are guided more by what they sense to be the prevailing expectations of the public .
although the house of commons has always contained some mps who take an informed interest in the subject , they are in a small minority , [regardless] of party allegiance , being heavily outnumbered by those who are guided more by what they sense to be the prevailing expectations of the public .

Many of the pressures were already latent and would have come to the surface irrespective of the organizational structure .
many of the pressures were already latent and would have come to the surface [regardless] of the organizational structure .

Causality irrespective , we argue that many of the competitive innovations made possible by new technology could not be realised in corporate strategy without the simultaneous changes in finance .
causality [regardless] , we argue that many of the competitive innovations made possible by new technology could not be realised in corporate strategy without the simultaneous changes in finance .

There are considerable risks inherent in this policy , for export competitiveness can shift rapidly among countries , almost irrespective of relative changes in domestic costs .
there are considerable risks inherent in this policy , for export competitiveness can shift rapidly among countries , almost [regardless] of relative changes in domestic costs .

Meaning is not simply in an utterance , irrespective of the participants : to understand it we must take into account the inter-subjectivity of the participants , addressing ourselves to such questions as who controls the meaning and the nature of the reference .
meaning is not simply in an utterance , [regardless] of the participants : to understand it we must take into account the inter-subjectivity of the participants , addressing ourselves to such questions as who controls the meaning and the nature of the reference .

We sought , irrespective of the relevance to the particular concern , to measure improvements in the use of energy , the productivity of capital , the numbers employed and improvement in productivity and so on .
we sought , [regardless] of the relevance to the particular concern , to measure improvements in the use of energy , the productivity of capital , the numbers employed and improvement in productivity and so on .

Two rosettes are awarded where the hotels are judged to offer very much above-the-average food , irrespective of classification .
two rosettes are awarded where the hotels are judged to offer very much above-the-average food , [regardless] of classification .

Irrespective of whether a hotel is small , medium or large the basic work of the reception office is the same , selling accommodation , receiving and welcoming guests , maintaining accounting and other records , liaison with all other departments within the hotel and integrating all activities relating to the service and comfort of the guests .
[regardless] of whether a hotel is small , medium or large the basic work of the reception office is the same , selling accommodation , receiving and welcoming guests , maintaining accounting and other records , liaison with all other departments within the hotel and integrating all activities relating to the service and comfort of the guests .

Ideas must not be rejected , irrespective of how odd they are .
ideas must not be rejected , [regardless] of how odd they are .

Many of the changes that helped to bring about in the 1970s a new , more fragmented and more intractable congress would have happened irrespective of the misdemeanours of the Nixon administration .
many of the changes that helped to bring about in the 1970s a new , more fragmented and more intractable congress would have happened [regardless] of the misdemeanours of the nixon administration .

In these new circumstances of ‘ open parties ’ and ‘ participatory politics ’ it became possible for outsiders to seize nominations irrespective of the wishes of party leaders , and Jimmy Carter proved to be just such a candidate .
in these new circumstances of ‘ open parties ’ and ‘ participatory politics ’ it became possible for outsiders to seize nominations [regardless] of the wishes of party leaders , and jimmy carter proved to be just such a candidate .

Irrespective of whether Reagan 's economic policy was correct or not , or whether it achieved the objectives sought , the fact that the policy was put into place at all is remarkable in itself .
[regardless] of whether reagan 's economic policy was correct or not , or whether it achieved the objectives sought , the fact that the policy was put into place at all is remarkable in itself .

Civil rights were to include the freedom to join labour unions , the right to strike and the right to expect equal opportunity in employment irrespective of gender , race or creed .
civil rights were to include the freedom to join labour unions , the right to strike and the right to expect equal opportunity in employment [regardless] of gender , race or creed .

But irrespective of these year-to-year changes the size of the bonus is very sensitive to firm size .
but [regardless] of these year-to-year changes the size of the bonus is very sensitive to firm size .

The importance of the decision lies in the fact that it indicated that natural justice applied to all decisions affecting a person 's rights irrespective of the form of the decision-making process or the nature of the body entrusted with the decision .
the importance of the decision lies in the fact that it indicated that natural justice applied to all decisions affecting a person 's rights [regardless] of the form of the decision-making process or the nature of the body entrusted with the decision .

In a comparison between blocking and non-blocking strains of mice it was shown that the potential of embryos to arrest at the 2-cell stage is determined solely by the genotype of the egg and occurs irrespective of the paternal or embryonic contribution ( 18 ) .
in a comparison between blocking and non-blocking strains of mice it was shown that the potential of embryos to arrest at the 2-cell stage is determined solely by the genotype of the egg and occurs [regardless] of the paternal or embryonic contribution ( 18 ) .

Explanations both at the time and later have tended to point to assumptions about the lower needs of women , irrespective of the work they were doing .
explanations both at the time and later have tended to point to assumptions about the lower needs of women , [regardless] of the work they were doing .

These aims required larger local authorities irrespective of the more usual arguments advanced in favour of reorganisation ( Dearlove 1979 ) .
these aims required larger local authorities [regardless] of the more usual arguments advanced in favour of reorganisation ( dearlove 1979 ) .

An officer need not accept instructions from an individual councillor , however exalted his status : officers owe their allegiance to the full council and hence to all councillors so assembled irrespective of party .
an officer need not accept instructions from an individual councillor , however exalted his status : officers owe their allegiance to the full council and hence to all councillors so assembled [regardless] of party .

They point first , to the political implications inherent in centralised policy systems irrespective of the policies decided .
they point first , to the political implications inherent in centralised policy systems [regardless] of the policies decided .

Furthermore , we utilise such expectations about the way an individual in a particular position should behave , irrespective of whether we know that individual personally .
furthermore , we utilise such expectations about the way an individual in a particular position should behave , [regardless] of whether we know that individual personally .

In the past it had always been our view that irrespective of strengths the North Korean forces would have little difficulty in dealing effectively with the forces of South Korea should full scale hostilities break out .
in the past it had always been our view that [regardless] of strengths the north korean forces would have little difficulty in dealing effectively with the forces of south korea should full scale hostilities break out .

This is bad news for Littlewoods since turnover among agents tends to be high and recruiting new ones costs the same ( about 50 ) irrespective of the amount of business they bring .
this is bad news for littlewoods since turnover among agents tends to be high and recruiting new ones costs the same ( about 50 ) [regardless] of the amount of business they bring .

According to this notion , fertility decline since the war can be interpreted partly in terms of concomitant swings in public attitude , irrespective of formal religious affiliation , between the fundamentalist and the pragmatic pole ( Simons 1982 ) , On this view , by the end of the 1960s parents raised under the more fundamental , disciplined 1930s had been replaced in the childbearing years by those brought up with more material security and freedom , both moral and legal , from traditional restrictions .
according to this notion , fertility decline since the war can be interpreted partly in terms of concomitant swings in public attitude , [regardless] of formal religious affiliation , between the fundamentalist and the pragmatic pole ( simons 1982 ) , on this view , by the end of the 1960s parents raised under the more fundamental , disciplined 1930s had been replaced in the childbearing years by those brought up with more material security and freedom , both moral and legal , from traditional restrictions .

The maximum reduction given per full fare paying passenger under this section is £30 irrespective of the number and timing of changes made to a booking .
the maximum reduction given per full fare paying passenger under this section is £30 [regardless] of the number and timing of changes made to a booking .

The percentage of those aged 65 + reporting problems with these adl tasks does increase substantially with age irrespective of the task under review .
the percentage of those aged 65 + reporting problems with these adl tasks does increase substantially with age [regardless] of the task under review .

For many patients , irrespective of age , admission to an acute hospital constitutes only one phase of their medical career .
for many patients , [regardless] of age , admission to an acute hospital constitutes only one phase of their medical career .

There will be a single method of entry for those being supported by public funds irrespective of the type of institution ( i.e .
there will be a single method of entry for those being supported by public funds [regardless] of the type of institution ( i.e .

He had to stick with her , irrespective of where her true loyalties lay .
he had to stick with her , [regardless] of where her true loyalties lay .

Investors do not always sell their shares for exogenous reasons irrespective of whether or not they perceive insiders to be operating in the market .
investors do not always sell their shares for exogenous reasons [regardless] of whether or not they perceive insiders to be operating in the market .

In other words , it is assumed that the investor trades on a time basis ; he would be selling in any event , irrespective of the insider trader and without being influenced by the price of the security in question .
in other words , it is assumed that the investor trades on a time basis ; he would be selling in any event , [regardless] of the insider trader and without being influenced by the price of the security in question .

The important point to note about the prohibition in Rule 14e-3 is that it applies irrespective of whether the defendant owed or breached a fiduciary or other duty to the issuer of the securities traded in or indeed whether he breached a duty to any other person .
the important point to note about the prohibition in rule 14e-3 is that it applies [regardless] of whether the defendant owed or breached a fiduciary or other duty to the issuer of the securities traded in or indeed whether he breached a duty to any other person .

The demand for the domestic currency in foreign exchange markets derives from exports of goods and services plus capital inflows , irrespective of whether payment is made in domestic or foreign currency .
the demand for the domestic currency in foreign exchange markets derives from exports of goods and services plus capital inflows , [regardless] of whether payment is made in domestic or foreign currency .

It has taken present-day governments some time to understand that a universal benefit is a bulwark against the disincentive effects of a largely means-tested system , and that , given that the benefit is paid irrespective of whether the household head is in or out of work but is nevertheless deducted from supplementary benefit , it helps maintain a difference between income in paid work and income on the dole .
it has taken present-day governments some time to understand that a universal benefit is a bulwark against the disincentive effects of a largely means-tested system , and that , given that the benefit is paid [regardless] of whether the household head is in or out of work but is nevertheless deducted from supplementary benefit , it helps maintain a difference between income in paid work and income on the dole .

However , the Family Allowances Act 1945 marked the first scheme of allowances to benefit all families with two or more children irrespective of the employment status of either mother or father and without proof of need or evidence of contributions .
however , the family allowances act 1945 marked the first scheme of allowances to benefit all families with two or more children [regardless] of the employment status of either mother or father and without proof of need or evidence of contributions .

As later discussion will show , the existence of a large group of men who received an income from the state which took account of their family size considerably strengthened the case for family allowances to be paid irrespective of the employment status of the parents .
as later discussion will show , the existence of a large group of men who received an income from the state which took account of their family size considerably strengthened the case for family allowances to be paid [regardless] of the employment status of the parents .

The second constellation of arguments is not an argument for positive discrimination : instead , it is an argument for the equal treatment of women and men irrespective of their relationship to each other .
the second constellation of arguments is not an argument for positive discrimination : instead , it is an argument for the equal treatment of women and men [regardless] of their relationship to each other .

The 1946 legislation introduced dependency benefits for wives , irrespective of age , provided they were not earning .
the 1946 legislation introduced dependency benefits for wives , [regardless] of age , provided they were not earning .

Barbara Castle 's attempts to make women full citizens of the social insurance scheme , irrespective of their marital status , have had only limited success .
barbara castle 's attempts to make women full citizens of the social insurance scheme , [regardless] of their marital status , have had only limited success .

It will be irresponsible to allow this to happen and therefore the company will maintain normal port services irrespective of any union ballot .
it will be irresponsible to allow this to happen and therefore the company will maintain normal port services [regardless] of any union ballot .

In the event of subsidence , heave or landslip damage , Loss Adjusters must be appointed , irrespective of the extent of the damage .
in the event of subsidence , heave or landslip damage , loss adjusters must be appointed , [regardless] of the extent of the damage .

by anything falling from vehicles or anything thrown up by the wheels of a vehicle ; except as provided in Clause ( 2 ) each party shall bear its own loss ( if any ) in respect of such damage irrespective of legal liability .
by anything falling from vehicles or anything thrown up by the wheels of a vehicle ; except as provided in clause ( 2 ) each party shall bear its own loss ( if any ) in respect of such damage [regardless] of legal liability .

being damaged by or through a vehicle or as a result of loading or unloading of or of anything falling from a vehicle , the party insuring against such Third Party risks the owner or the driver of the vehicle or the person on whose behalf it is being driven shall pay three quarters of the loss of the other party in respect of such damage irrespective of legal liability .
being damaged by or through a vehicle or as a result of loading or unloading of or of anything falling from a vehicle , the party insuring against such third party risks the owner or the driver of the vehicle or the person on whose behalf it is being driven shall pay three quarters of the loss of the other party in respect of such damage [regardless] of legal liability .

Where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the application of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles [regardless] of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the application of the partial indemnity clause .

In the case of such a property not being regarded as a private dwellinghouse , a bank/organisation should notify its interest to an insurer irrespective of the sum insured .
in the case of such a property not being regarded as a private dwellinghouse , a bank/organisation should notify its interest to an insurer [regardless] of the sum insured .

All permanent staff on Community Charge work , irrespective of department , will be regarded as a single staff group .
all permanent staff on community charge work , [regardless] of department , will be regarded as a single staff group .

His base is in the Chaplaincy Centre , where a welcome is offered to all students irrespective of religious or denominational allegiances and opportunities are provided to worship , make friends , exchange ideas , pursue concerns and ask questions .
his base is in the chaplaincy centre , where a welcome is offered to all students [regardless] of religious or denominational allegiances and opportunities are provided to worship , make friends , exchange ideas , pursue concerns and ask questions .

Irrespective of the decisions of the World Bank classifiers , however , it is an undeniable fact that in the 1990s most hitherto self-proclaimed socialist or communist countries are rapidly coming to an understanding with transnational capitalism , and that the scope and volume of the transnational practices of such states with the states and institutions of the capitalist system have increased dramatically in the last decade .
[regardless] of the decisions of the world bank classifiers , however , it is an undeniable fact that in the 1990s most hitherto self-proclaimed socialist or communist countries are rapidly coming to an understanding with transnational capitalism , and that the scope and volume of the transnational practices of such states with the states and institutions of the capitalist system have increased dramatically in the last decade .

As the countries of the world , irrespective of bloc , appear to become more and more bound up with one another through the extension of transnational practices , some of which are directly identifiable as practices of global capitalism and some of which not , the fact of the global system becomes more and more obvious to ever more people , though the nature of the global system might still appear extremely difficult to grasp .
as the countries of the world , [regardless] of bloc , appear to become more and more bound up with one another through the extension of transnational practices , some of which are directly identifiable as practices of global capitalism and some of which not , the fact of the global system becomes more and more obvious to ever more people , though the nature of the global system might still appear extremely difficult to grasp .

Patients presenting with clinical evidence of gastrointestinal haemorrhage were endoscoped urgently , the source of bleeding identified , and appropriate treatment instituted including endoscopic sclerotherapy irrespective of which arm of the trial they had been randomised to .
patients presenting with clinical evidence of gastrointestinal haemorrhage were endoscoped urgently , the source of bleeding identified , and appropriate treatment instituted including endoscopic sclerotherapy [regardless] of which arm of the trial they had been randomised to .

Unfortunately , most patients exhibit abnormally rapid gastric emptying of liquids after truncal vagotomy or partial gastrectomy irrespective of whether or not they have symptoms , and there is considerable overlap of results between symptomatic and asymptomatic groups .
unfortunately , most patients exhibit abnormally rapid gastric emptying of liquids after truncal vagotomy or partial gastrectomy [regardless] of whether or not they have symptoms , and there is considerable overlap of results between symptomatic and asymptomatic groups .

Negotiating Skills — an intensive two-day residential seminar for executives irrespective of seniority or function — to explore and develop the skills of successful negotiation .
negotiating skills — an intensive two-day residential seminar for executives [regardless] of seniority or function — to explore and develop the skills of successful negotiation .

Irrespective of their legal status , however , they should clearly be considered as towns in any discussion of the urban economy .
[regardless] of their legal status , however , they should clearly be considered as towns in any discussion of the urban economy .

Irrespective of a man 's rank , it was not thought below his dignity to receive payments from the King for military service , and the wages payable varied with the rank of the individual .
[regardless] of a man 's rank , it was not thought below his dignity to receive payments from the king for military service , and the wages payable varied with the rank of the individual .

The English were in fact trying to claim the authentic characteristics of a nation irrespective of how it was defined , including an attempt to cover English claims over Scotland and Ireland , despite the absence of any ‘ habit of unity ’ in the former case or of a shared language in the latter .
the english were in fact trying to claim the authentic characteristics of a nation [regardless] of how it was defined , including an attempt to cover english claims over scotland and ireland , despite the absence of any ‘ habit of unity ’ in the former case or of a shared language in the latter .

The champions of optimum treatment irrespective of age point to the surprising number of years of expected life even at advanced ages ( for example , about 5 years for a healthy 87-year-old American woman ) and to moral entitlements accrued over years of work , tax paying , family rearing , and possibly military service .
the champions of optimum treatment [regardless] of age point to the surprising number of years of expected life even at advanced ages ( for example , about 5 years for a healthy 87-year-old american woman ) and to moral entitlements accrued over years of work , tax paying , family rearing , and possibly military service .

Relative risks of in-hospital death were calculated with total numbers irrespective of survival time .
relative risks of in-hospital death were calculated with total numbers [regardless] of survival time .

Fixed overhead , which is estimated to cost £10,000 , irrespective of what is produced and sold , is applied at 100 per cent of direct labour cost .
fixed overhead , which is estimated to cost £10,000 , [regardless] of what is produced and sold , is applied at 100 per cent of direct labour cost .

On these features are imposed several other psychological symptoms , many of which are known to be common to semistarvation , irrespective of its cause .
on these features are imposed several other psychological symptoms , many of which are known to be common to semistarvation , [regardless] of its cause .

Determined efforts should be made to keep in touch with the family , irrespective of the patient 's age , and to give practical advice .
determined efforts should be made to keep in touch with the family , [regardless] of the patient 's age , and to give practical advice .

The introduction of the scheme guarantees irrespective of actual earnings , so becomes the origin of the budget constraint .
the introduction of the scheme guarantees [regardless] of actual earnings , so becomes the origin of the budget constraint .

10–5 , there will be no deviations from the equilibrium value of the real wage rate : any price changes will be appropriately compensated for by wage changes and individuals will be employed producing level of output , irrespective of the price level .
10–5 , there will be no deviations from the equilibrium value of the real wage rate : any price changes will be appropriately compensated for by wage changes and individuals will be employed producing level of output , [regardless] of the price level .

Responsive government seeks to follow the preferences of its supporters , whereas strategic government action seeks to vote-maximize irrespective of the party 's own supporters ' preferences .
responsive government seeks to follow the preferences of its supporters , whereas strategic government action seeks to vote-maximize [regardless] of the party 's own supporters ' preferences .

The community charge will operate as a poll tax and will be paid irrespective of income .
the community charge will operate as a poll tax and will be paid [regardless] of income .

Hence public debt , irrespective of whether it is domestic or foreign owned , involves a cost-influencing choice : at the time the decision is made ‘ forgone opportunities are experienced ’ ( p. 182 ) , but this has ‘ no connection with the fact that resources are used up in the initial period ’ ( p. 182 ) .
hence public debt , [regardless] of whether it is domestic or foreign owned , involves a cost-influencing choice : at the time the decision is made ‘ forgone opportunities are experienced ’ ( p. 182 ) , but this has ‘ no connection with the fact that resources are used up in the initial period ’ ( p. 182 ) .

This states that a solute distributes itself between two immiscible liquids in a constant ratio of concentrations irrespective of the amount of solute added .
this states that a solute distributes itself between two immiscible liquids in a constant ratio of concentrations [regardless] of the amount of solute added .

We need to make a bigger effort to respect each other , respect each other irrespective of differences , respect each other as women and as half of the human race .
we need to make a bigger effort to respect each other , respect each other [regardless] of differences , respect each other as women and as half of the human race .

Irrespective of personal belief or disbelief , an unaccountable number of people have believed and do believe in the spiritual aspects of human life , and therefore their actions , attitudes and interpretations of events have been influenced accordingly .
[regardless] of personal belief or disbelief , an unaccountable number of people have believed and do believe in the spiritual aspects of human life , and therefore their actions , attitudes and interpretations of events have been influenced accordingly .

As chairman of the 1848 committee on the peasant question Alexander had presided over the cancellation of the one statute enacted between 1825 and 1855 which allowed serfs to buy their freedom irrespective of the wishes of serf-owners .
as chairman of the 1848 committee on the peasant question alexander had presided over the cancellation of the one statute enacted between 1825 and 1855 which allowed serfs to buy their freedom [regardless] of the wishes of serf-owners .

It was still widely accepted that only major rulers ( kings and the republic of Venice ) could send and receive ambassadors ; and it was not clear until at least the later sixteenth century that the status of a diplomat depended on his position in this still embryonic hierarchy of ranks and not , irrespective of his title , on the standing of the ruler he represented .
it was still widely accepted that only major rulers ( kings and the republic of venice ) could send and receive ambassadors ; and it was not clear until at least the later sixteenth century that the status of a diplomat depended on his position in this still embryonic hierarchy of ranks and not , [regardless] of his title , on the standing of the ruler he represented .

It follows first that there can be no measured change in productivity , irrespective of whether government productivity grows in practice , and secondly that the relative price of government services tends to rise over time .
it follows first that there can be no measured change in productivity , [regardless] of whether government productivity grows in practice , and secondly that the relative price of government services tends to rise over time .

All former Napier students are welcome , whatever their standard of golf , and irrespective of when they left Napier .
all former napier students are welcome , whatever their standard of golf , and [regardless] of when they left napier .

The Centre is committed to the concept of equality of all , irrespective of racial considerations , and strives to make all its aims and objectives consistent with an absolute opposition to racism in society .
the centre is committed to the concept of equality of all , [regardless] of racial considerations , and strives to make all its aims and objectives consistent with an absolute opposition to racism in society .

In doing so , the study will explore whether there is a common pattern across the public sector , irrespective of differences between services , or whether there are divergences between them .
in doing so , the study will explore whether there is a common pattern across the public sector , [regardless] of differences between services , or whether there are divergences between them .

What he fails to grasp is that if that obstetric experience is withdrawn from Downpatrick , then there will be no selection of patients whatsoever and all will have to make their way to Belfast or Lisburn irrespective of clinical condition .
what he fails to grasp is that if that obstetric experience is withdrawn from downpatrick , then there will be no selection of patients whatsoever and all will have to make their way to belfast or lisburn [regardless] of clinical condition .

The Sheriff was of the opinion that the pursuers ' right to damages arose at once upon the default of the defenders , as every breach gave rise to a claim of damages irrespective of whether it was a breach sufficiently material to justify rescission .
the sheriff was of the opinion that the pursuers ' right to damages arose at once upon the default of the defenders , as every breach gave rise to a claim of damages [regardless] of whether it was a breach sufficiently material to justify rescission .

In the rainy season roads became a quagmire , irrespective of who was going to travel them , including the Governor General .
in the rainy season roads became a quagmire , [regardless] of who was going to travel them , including the governor general .

It was also based on the household unit , irrespective of how many people were actually living in the household .
it was also based on the household unit , [regardless] of how many people were actually living in the household .

The House of Lords established the principle that a consumer who suffers damage because of a manufacturer 's negligence can sue the latter for damages and can do so irrespective of whether the consumer bought the goods .
the house of lords established the principle that a consumer who suffers damage because of a manufacturer 's negligence can sue the latter for damages and can do so [regardless] of whether the consumer bought the goods .

This is so irrespective of whether the consumer bought the goods from the manufacturer .
this is so [regardless] of whether the consumer bought the goods from the manufacturer .

Either property has passed to the buyer or ‘ the price is payable on a day certain irrespective of delivery .
either property has passed to the buyer or ‘ the price is payable on a day certain [regardless] of delivery .

In relation to the second requirement , if a particular date has been stipulated for payment then an action can he maintained after that date irrespective of whether property has passed to the buyer .
in relation to the second requirement , if a particular date has been stipulated for payment then an action can he maintained after that date [regardless] of whether property has passed to the buyer .

This can lie done irrespective of whether it was the victim who brought the prosecution .
this can lie done [regardless] of whether it was the victim who brought the prosecution .

These powers can be exercised irrespective of whether other proceedings ( civil or criminal ) have been brought .
these powers can be exercised [regardless] of whether other proceedings ( civil or criminal ) have been brought .

Thus the forces operating to maintain and even continue expanding the home market were multi-directional , in that market dependency can increase irrespective of income levels .
thus the forces operating to maintain and even continue expanding the home market were multi-directional , in that market dependency can increase [regardless] of income levels .

Nor can it be wholly explained by the employment changes which were pushing greater numbers of people into the market irrespective of wage trends .
nor can it be wholly explained by the employment changes which were pushing greater numbers of people into the market [regardless] of wage trends .

Gentleman is in danger of becoming like a vulture scavenging around every incident , irrespective of the facts and of the accusations that he makes against other people .
gentleman is in danger of becoming like a vulture scavenging around every incident , [regardless] of the facts and of the accusations that he makes against other people .

The average cost of an infantry battalion is £12.5 million to £15million in the United Kingdom and £17 million in Germany , irrespective of how it is organised regimentally .
the average cost of an infantry battalion is £12.5 million to £15million in the united kingdom and £17 million in germany , [regardless] of how it is organised regimentally .

Will my right hon. and learned Friend confirm that in the 1980s manufacturing output rose by31 per cent ? Irrespective of what the Labour party says about what happened before 1979 , if he visited various parts of Yorkshire he would see massive investment in manufacturing , including £1 million in wool textiles .
will my right hon. and learned friend confirm that in the 1980s manufacturing output rose by31 per cent ? [regardless] of what the labour party says about what happened before 1979 , if he visited various parts of yorkshire he would see massive investment in manufacturing , including £1 million in wool textiles .

Will the Prime Minister state clearly and concisely that , irrespective of the place or the audience or the day of the week , he has but one policy for the fourth Trident submarine — to build it , equip it and send it to sea armed for the nation 's defence ? Will he find time to read recent Official Reports of debates and questions in the House where he will find ’ We will build a boat ’ , ’ We wo n't build a boat ’ and ’ We will build a boat but it will have no weapons ’ , all of which is official Labour party policy ?
will the prime minister state clearly and concisely that , [regardless] of the place or the audience or the day of the week , he has but one policy for the fourth trident submarine — to build it , equip it and send it to sea armed for the nation 's defence ? will he find time to read recent official reports of debates and questions in the house where he will find ’ we will build a boat ’ , ’ we wo n't build a boat ’ and ’ we will build a boat but it will have no weapons ’ , all of which is official labour party policy ?

Within 48 hours of the agreement , Germany announced that , irrespective of the Community , it was going to recognise Croatia before Christmas .
within 48 hours of the agreement , germany announced that , [regardless] of the community , it was going to recognise croatia before christmas .

Our principle in the civil service is that all jobs should be available to everyone — irrespective of sex , race , creed or religion .
our principle in the civil service is that all jobs should be available to everyone — [regardless] of sex , race , creed or religion .

Although those figures are welcome , is the Minister aware that we do not compare well with our European colleagues and that our declining infant mortality rate is not as good as many of their rates ? Also , there are big differences between social classes and regions in this country in terms of the opportunities for children to survive . Does the Minister consider it fair that , if a child is born in East Anglia , it has a far better chance of survival than if it is born in Yorkshire or in my region , where we recently lost five intensive care cots ? Is not it right that all children should have access to the latest technology , irrespective of where they live or the poverty of their parents ?
although those figures are welcome , is the minister aware that we do not compare well with our european colleagues and that our declining infant mortality rate is not as good as many of their rates ? also , there are big differences between social classes and regions in this country in terms of the opportunities for children to survive . does the minister consider it fair that , if a child is born in east anglia , it has a far better chance of survival than if it is born in yorkshire or in my region , where we recently lost five intensive care cots ? is not it right that all children should have access to the latest technology , [regardless] of where they live or the poverty of their parents ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree , in the calmness of being on his own , that all this is just trendy nonsense ? What we want in the public service are the best people , irrespective of whether they are men or women .
does my right hon. friend agree , in the calmness of being on his own , that all this is just trendy nonsense ? what we want in the public service are the best people , [regardless] of whether they are men or women .

It is disgraceful that the Labour party , in hock to the trade unions , is now threatening to sweep away compulsory competitive tendering , irrespective of the cost and the effect on services to the customer .
it is disgraceful that the labour party , in hock to the trade unions , is now threatening to sweep away compulsory competitive tendering , [regardless] of the cost and the effect on services to the customer .

Does the Minister accept that patients , irrespective of age group , should not have to undergo prolonged suffering , being fobbed off with medication from time to time when cardiac surgery is necessary ? Will he urgently encourage all boards to purchase coronary artery bypass surgery and other cardiac surgery from Great Britain ?
does the minister accept that patients , [regardless] of age group , should not have to undergo prolonged suffering , being fobbed off with medication from time to time when cardiac surgery is necessary ? will he urgently encourage all boards to purchase coronary artery bypass surgery and other cardiac surgery from great britain ?

He did not mention , however , that his answer on the same occasion made it absolutely clear that the proposed regimental cuts would proceed irrespective of the findings of the Defence Select Committee report .
he did not mention , however , that his answer on the same occasion made it absolutely clear that the proposed regimental cuts would proceed [regardless] of the findings of the defence select committee report .

That is an absurd claim when , irrespective of the regulation that we are discussing , there are regular delays of between two and four hours for routine applications to social security offices .
that is an absurd claim when , [regardless] of the regulation that we are discussing , there are regular delays of between two and four hours for routine applications to social security offices .

Certain essential services such as health and education should be available from the public sector irrespective of the citizen 's means .
certain essential services such as health and education should be available from the public sector [regardless] of the citizen 's means .

They fear either that we are committed to move to stage three or that , irrespective of the provision in the treaty allowing us a free choice , we would none the less be obliged to move .
they fear either that we are committed to move to stage three or that , [regardless] of the provision in the treaty allowing us a free choice , we would none the less be obliged to move .

When dealing with previous Bills affecting the armed services , the Minister and his colleagues have always sought to assure me that the armed forces are keenly aware of the need to treat complainers — irrespective of age — in a sympathetic manner .
when dealing with previous bills affecting the armed services , the minister and his colleagues have always sought to assure me that the armed forces are keenly aware of the need to treat complainers — [regardless] of age — in a sympathetic manner .

Unless the parties agree otherwise , he has the right to take delivery upon payment of the price and to do so irrespective of whether property has passed to him .
unless the parties agree otherwise , he has the right to take delivery upon payment of the price and to do so [regardless] of whether property has passed to him .

This is so irrespective of whose possession the goods were in at the time .
this is so [regardless] of whose possession the goods were in at the time .

The innocent purchaser of goods openly offered for sale in the City of London or in a market overt obtains a good title to those goods irrespective of the title of the seller .
the innocent purchaser of goods openly offered for sale in the city of london or in a market overt obtains a good title to those goods [regardless] of the title of the seller .

It is an entirely different question whether the Marxist concept of the state as the necessary product of the division of society into classes ( which is also sufficient to produce it ) is itself adequate , irrespective of whether or not it is incorporated into an evolutionist scheme .
it is an entirely different question whether the marxist concept of the state as the necessary product of the division of society into classes ( which is also sufficient to produce it ) is itself adequate , [regardless] of whether or not it is incorporated into an evolutionist scheme .

there should be no individual such that , whenever he prefers x to y , society prefers x to y irrespective of the preferences of everyone else ( no-dictatorship ) .
there should be no individual such that , whenever he prefers x to y , society prefers x to y [regardless] of the preferences of everyone else ( no-dictatorship ) .

If membership is voluntary , if the union-set wage is a public good applying to all workers in the sector irrespective of union status , and if there are positive costs to membership , why do workers join the union instead of taking a free ride ?
if membership is voluntary , if the union-set wage is a public good applying to all workers in the sector [regardless] of union status , and if there are positive costs to membership , why do workers join the union instead of taking a free ride ?

The union-set wage is assumed to cover all workers in the union sector , irrespective of their membership status .
the union-set wage is assumed to cover all workers in the union sector , [regardless] of their membership status .

Irrespective of the merit of these particular observations ( and indeed of this particular poem ) , it is clear that once formal patterns of equivalence are connected to relations of meaning , as they are here , they become a good deal more interesting .
[regardless] of the merit of these particular observations ( and indeed of this particular poem ) , it is clear that once formal patterns of equivalence are connected to relations of meaning , as they are here , they become a good deal more interesting .

‘ In all countries , irrespective of religion , behind the scenes the women are ruling the men .
‘ in all countries , [regardless] of religion , behind the scenes the women are ruling the men .

As can be seen from this brief set of quotations there was a fair degree of agreement about the fundamental approach to arts education , irrespective of specialism .
as can be seen from this brief set of quotations there was a fair degree of agreement about the fundamental approach to arts education , [regardless] of specialism .

Let us take the last point first , because land use itself , irrespective of how the fields are arranged or under what system they are worked , has interesting implications .
let us take the last point first , because land use itself , [regardless] of how the fields are arranged or under what system they are worked , has interesting implications .

It is a very cheap form of outdoor activity which can be ( and is ) enjoyed by anyone , irrespective of sex , age and class .
it is a very cheap form of outdoor activity which can be ( and is ) enjoyed by anyone , [regardless] of sex , age and class .

Such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .
such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , [regardless] of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .

In keeping with our policy of a sustained level of capital expenditure irrespective of industry cycles , we will be investing further in latest generation hardware and will speed up the introduction of new field software .
in keeping with our policy of a sustained level of capital expenditure [regardless] of industry cycles , we will be investing further in latest generation hardware and will speed up the introduction of new field software .

This will be the case quite regularly so that it is not in the least surprising if in many instances general expectations have crystallized into rigid habits ( which might be called syntactic `` rules `` ) governing the possibilities open to an adjective as a type item , irrespective of the facts of any particular token occasion .
this will be the case quite regularly so that it is not in the least surprising if in many instances general expectations have crystallized into rigid habits ( which might be called syntactic `` rules `` ) governing the possibilities open to an adjective as a type item , [regardless] of the facts of any particular token occasion .

There are good reasons to think that military service is not a random event , irrespective of whether there is a draft system in operation or simply voluntary service .
there are good reasons to think that military service is not a random event , [regardless] of whether there is a draft system in operation or simply voluntary service .

" Social and economic rights : freedom of movement and residence irrespective of engagement in economic activity ; equality of opportunity and of treatment for all Community citizens ; joint protection for Community citizens outside the Community 's borders .
" social and economic rights : freedom of movement and residence [regardless] of engagement in economic activity ; equality of opportunity and of treatment for all community citizens ; joint protection for community citizens outside the community 's borders .

One example might be the political decision taken in January 1991 that no one must wait longer than two years for an operation by April 1992 , irrespective of clinical need .
one example might be the political decision taken in january 1991 that no one must wait longer than two years for an operation by april 1992 , [regardless] of clinical need .

This means that the owner of an equitable lease can only grant an equitable sub-lease , not a legal lease , irrespective of the mode of the sub-tenancy 's creation .
this means that the owner of an equitable lease can only grant an equitable sub-lease , not a legal lease , [regardless] of the mode of the sub-tenancy 's creation .

The right of re-entry is one of the legal interests listed in s. 1 ( 2 ) , Law of Property Act 1925 , and therefore binds the whole world irrespective of notice .
the right of re-entry is one of the legal interests listed in s. 1 ( 2 ) , law of property act 1925 , and therefore binds the whole world [regardless] of notice .

For , in the absence of a contrary agreement with the original lessor , the original tenant remains liable throughout the entire term of the lease irrespective of the fact that he or she may have assigned or sold the tenancy to another .
for , in the absence of a contrary agreement with the original lessor , the original tenant remains liable throughout the entire term of the lease [regardless] of the fact that he or she may have assigned or sold the tenancy to another .

Two additional features are available with some systems , irrespective of the type of pager used .
two additional features are available with some systems , [regardless] of the type of pager used .

Speakers were given a score of one point for each one of these features that occurred in their speech , irrespective of how many times it occurred .
speakers were given a score of one point for each one of these features that occurred in their speech , [regardless] of how many times it occurred .

Unfortunately figures which can be derived as a result of this exercise are not free from influences upon trade which may have arisen irrespective of the process of integration .
unfortunately figures which can be derived as a result of this exercise are not free from influences upon trade which may have arisen [regardless] of the process of integration .

a unit of surplus represents the same quantity of benefit irrespective of whether it accrues to the buyer or seller .
a unit of surplus represents the same quantity of benefit [regardless] of whether it accrues to the buyer or seller .

( 1982 ) have argued that resources will be allocated efficiently ( in the sense that prices will be equal to marginal costs ) in industries which are perfectly contestable and that this result holds irrespective of the number of firms in the industry .
( 1982 ) have argued that resources will be allocated efficiently ( in the sense that prices will be equal to marginal costs ) in industries which are perfectly contestable and that this result holds [regardless] of the number of firms in the industry .

This too would have raised expenditure irrespective of whether or not a Speenhamland system existed .
this too would have raised expenditure [regardless] of whether or not a speenhamland system existed .

Drawings are prepared for most designs and drawings are protected by copyright as artistic works , irrespective of artistic quality .
drawings are prepared for most designs and drawings are protected by copyright as artistic works , [regardless] of artistic quality .

It has been noted also that a particular salacious title for a fabliau , irrespective of the nature of the fabliau 's contents , may have been the secret of the contemporary success of some , as measured by the number of extant manuscript copies .
it has been noted also that a particular salacious title for a fabliau , [regardless] of the nature of the fabliau 's contents , may have been the secret of the contemporary success of some , as measured by the number of extant manuscript copies .

Irrespective of the circumstances of their composition , the Anglo-Norman fabliaux were transmitted , eventually , and preserved for posterity because the fabliau was recognized as a genre which had its place in the full range of new and recent vernacular literary production in England .
[regardless] of the circumstances of their composition , the anglo-norman fabliaux were transmitted , eventually , and preserved for posterity because the fabliau was recognized as a genre which had its place in the full range of new and recent vernacular literary production in england .

Built-in job flexibility ensures that these standards are always met by on-site staff , irrespective of job titles and responsibilities .
built-in job flexibility ensures that these standards are always met by on-site staff , [regardless] of job titles and responsibilities .

Finished eight years after Opera and Drama in 1859 ( though not performed until 1865 ) , Tristan was the most impressive of his works up to that time , and yet one in which the music , irrespective of its dramatic significance , dominated the word utterly .
finished eight years after opera and drama in 1859 ( though not performed until 1865 ) , tristan was the most impressive of his works up to that time , and yet one in which the music , [regardless] of its dramatic significance , dominated the word utterly .

This feeling was originally conveyed in manifest form by a chorus of primeval beings , close to nature , who permanently retain their natural shape , irrespective of any changes in civilization .
this feeling was originally conveyed in manifest form by a chorus of primeval beings , close to nature , who permanently retain their natural shape , [regardless] of any changes in civilization .

As a consequence of casual labour the actual take-home pay , irrespective of the rate of payment , could be pitifully small , ranging from just a few coppers in a month to the best wages of all the men on the machines and , top of the league , the head dresser .
as a consequence of casual labour the actual take-home pay , [regardless] of the rate of payment , could be pitifully small , ranging from just a few coppers in a month to the best wages of all the men on the machines and , top of the league , the head dresser .

This is then also the average strain in the inhomogeneous material , since the average is uniquely determined by the surface displacements irrespective of the material ( provided it does not rupture internally ) .
this is then also the average strain in the inhomogeneous material , since the average is uniquely determined by the surface displacements [regardless] of the material ( provided it does not rupture internally ) .

From what has been written above it should be clear that the design of a test method which gives information about the mechanical properties of a material irrespective of the geometry of the sample and the manner in which load is applied is not a trivial matter .
from what has been written above it should be clear that the design of a test method which gives information about the mechanical properties of a material [regardless] of the geometry of the sample and the manner in which load is applied is not a trivial matter .

Among Europeans the prognosis for people with Crohn 's disease is comparable with that of the general population irrespective of age at diagnosis .
among europeans the prognosis for people with crohn 's disease is comparable with that of the general population [regardless] of age at diagnosis .

In particular , spontaneous improvement in both groups , who were recruited in exacerbation , could well occur irrespective of treatment .
in particular , spontaneous improvement in both groups , who were recruited in exacerbation , could well occur [regardless] of treatment .

Reintroduction of food after elemental regimens must nevertheless be undertaken with the greatest of care irrespective of whether or not elimination diets are used .
reintroduction of food after elemental regimens must nevertheless be undertaken with the greatest of care [regardless] of whether or not elimination diets are used .

In patients who have cow 's milk allergy , a clinically positive milk challenge induces the increased permeability of gut mucosa , irrespective of whether the symptoms arise from the gut or the skin .
in patients who have cow 's milk allergy , a clinically positive milk challenge induces the increased permeability of gut mucosa , [regardless] of whether the symptoms arise from the gut or the skin .

These authors have shown that colonic platelet activating factor content was significantly increased irrespective of colonic inflammation .
these authors have shown that colonic platelet activating factor content was significantly increased [regardless] of colonic inflammation .

The finding of normal concentrations of albumin , retinol binding protein , and triglyce ide among cancer patients , irrespective of the stage and tumour grade , excludes nutritional wasting as a cause of the hypocholesterolaemia .
the finding of normal concentrations of albumin , retinol binding protein , and triglyce ide among cancer patients , [regardless] of the stage and tumour grade , excludes nutritional wasting as a cause of the hypocholesterolaemia .

However , good spring grasses rapidly turn into dry stringy fibre with low vitamin and protein value under the heat of the summer sun , and most horses will need supplementary feeding , irrespective of how large their paddock is .
however , good spring grasses rapidly turn into dry stringy fibre with low vitamin and protein value under the heat of the summer sun , and most horses will need supplementary feeding , [regardless] of how large their paddock is .

It quite frequently happens that a horse that has been used to drinking out of a dam or stream , will always refuse water from a trough or bucket , irrespective of how thirsty it may be .
it quite frequently happens that a horse that has been used to drinking out of a dam or stream , will always refuse water from a trough or bucket , [regardless] of how thirsty it may be .

Irrespective of the cause of anxiety , punishing the horse will only make things worse .
[regardless] of the cause of anxiety , punishing the horse will only make things worse .

As we have seen , the establishment of a habit can create a situation where a horse refuses to think — irrespective of how intelligent a horse may be , and even if solving the problem is in the horse 's own interests .
as we have seen , the establishment of a habit can create a situation where a horse refuses to think — [regardless] of how intelligent a horse may be , and even if solving the problem is in the horse 's own interests .

Irrespective of whether a horse 's bad habit is associated with anxiety or expectation , it is often best dealt with by avoiding the situation in which it appears ; until the horse 's anxiety or expectation is reduced , and a new habit of desirable behaviour has begun to form .
[regardless] of whether a horse 's bad habit is associated with anxiety or expectation , it is often best dealt with by avoiding the situation in which it appears ; until the horse 's anxiety or expectation is reduced , and a new habit of desirable behaviour has begun to form .

From these debates crystallized , eventually , the doctrine of grace and merit , finally in a form which fell short both of the teaching of Pelagius and of the extreme views ( ruthless predestination , divine election irrespective of human merits ) propounded by Augustine in his old age .
from these debates crystallized , eventually , the doctrine of grace and merit , finally in a form which fell short both of the teaching of pelagius and of the extreme views ( ruthless predestination , divine election [regardless] of human merits ) propounded by augustine in his old age .

The principle that education was to be open to all , irrespective of means ; public galleries and museums should be open to all , the National Health Service likewise .
the principle that education was to be open to all , [regardless] of means ; public galleries and museums should be open to all , the national health service likewise .

The aim of everyone , irrespective of weight , should be to modify their eating very slightly to maximize health benefits .
the aim of everyone , [regardless] of weight , should be to modify their eating very slightly to maximize health benefits .

The average person , irrespective of weight , has too much refined sugar in their food .
the average person , [regardless] of weight , has too much refined sugar in their food .

Bingham has had a number of options available over the last year but always contended that Rogan , irrespective of his omission , was still very much part of the set-up .
bingham has had a number of options available over the last year but always contended that rogan , [regardless] of his omission , was still very much part of the set-up .

The health service has genuinely noble ideals : it provides excellent treatment irrespective of income .
the health service has genuinely noble ideals : it provides excellent treatment [regardless] of income .

Irrespective of the success of this integration , your claim was a travesty of the facts .
[regardless] of the success of this integration , your claim was a travesty of the facts .

So the 46 % of houses in Barnet that the government reckons will be in the top band will all pay the same amount , irrespective of their value .
so the 46 % of houses in barnet that the government reckons will be in the top band will all pay the same amount , [regardless] of their value .

Only one point stands irrespective of the period taken : Japan has shown all the other rich countries a clean pair of heels .
only one point stands [regardless] of the period taken : japan has shown all the other rich countries a clean pair of heels .

Or if he had said that , irrespective of making the cake larger , the poor would get larger slices , again we might have believed and respected him .
or if he had said that , [regardless] of making the cake larger , the poor would get larger slices , again we might have believed and respected him .

But even they complain at brokers who buy shares from market-makers in the same ownership group , irrespective of whether the sister company offers the best price .
but even they complain at brokers who buy shares from market-makers in the same ownership group , [regardless] of whether the sister company offers the best price .

We will work towards the eventual creation of a new ‘ Citizen 's Income ’ , payable to all irrespective of sex or status .
we will work towards the eventual creation of a new ‘ citizen 's income ’ , payable to all [regardless] of sex or status .

Room facilities do not apply to single rooms which vary in facilities irrespective of the supplement paid .
room facilities do not apply to single rooms which vary in facilities [regardless] of the supplement paid .

Members were discouraged from bringing along a personal caddie and if they did they still had to pay the caddie master the fee he would have received , irrespective of whether there was a caddie available or not !
members were discouraged from bringing along a personal caddie and if they did they still had to pay the caddie master the fee he would have received , [regardless] of whether there was a caddie available or not !

The more dominant females then tend to gain access more easily to the new mother irrespective of her rank .
the more dominant females then tend to gain access more easily to the new mother [regardless] of her rank .

All pairs go through this sequence irrespective of their sex and it ends with a clear dominance — subordination relationship in which grooming indicates compatibility and resolution of tension .
all pairs go through this sequence [regardless] of their sex and it ends with a clear dominance — subordination relationship in which grooming indicates compatibility and resolution of tension .

… if the approach is through the intellect rather than through intuition , that is , through a tangible and examinable process of understanding and thinking , rather than through an imaginative and emotional and therefore intangible process of relishing and enjoying , irrespective of whether or not there is full understanding ( p. 8 ) .
… if the approach is through the intellect rather than through intuition , that is , through a tangible and examinable process of understanding and thinking , rather than through an imaginative and emotional and therefore intangible process of relishing and enjoying , [regardless] of whether or not there is full understanding ( p. 8 ) .

Most people , he felt , have an altruistic streak in them — irrespective of social background , culture or experience — and they should have the opportunity , at least once in their lives , to work together with others for the benefit of the community .
most people , he felt , have an altruistic streak in them — [regardless] of social background , culture or experience — and they should have the opportunity , at least once in their lives , to work together with others for the benefit of the community .

While no researcher , irrespective of their gender , can ever be totally sure that respondents are being truthful ( specially so in our case ) , the research design compensated for this .
while no researcher , [regardless] of their gender , can ever be totally sure that respondents are being truthful ( specially so in our case ) , the research design compensated for this .

But irrespective of how they construe the common sense which is the policeman or woman 's working knowledge , seniors are agreed that new recruits need experience of life to enable them to deal with the range of situations and people they encounter in their work .
but [regardless] of how they construe the common sense which is the policeman or woman 's working knowledge , seniors are agreed that new recruits need experience of life to enable them to deal with the range of situations and people they encounter in their work .

However , previous studies in the sociology of policing stress that , irrespective of the management 's goals in introducing some innovation , there is often a disjuncture between official organizational policy and its implementation by ordinary constables .
however , previous studies in the sociology of policing stress that , [regardless] of the management 's goals in introducing some innovation , there is often a disjuncture between official organizational policy and its implementation by ordinary constables .

For the causal relations of events would be just the same irrespective of whether or not the causal chain temporarily took on a mental aspect ( as in property dualism ) or ( as in substance dualism ) ‘ went mental ’ for a while .
for the causal relations of events would be just the same [regardless] of whether or not the causal chain temporarily took on a mental aspect ( as in property dualism ) or ( as in substance dualism ) ‘ went mental ’ for a while .

The civil sphere can also be an arena for coercion , through the activities of vigilantes , private armies , and mobs , irrespective of individual criminal activity .
the civil sphere can also be an arena for coercion , through the activities of vigilantes , private armies , and mobs , [regardless] of individual criminal activity .

In such an unclear area , it was not to be left to Dáil members to decide , irrespective of whether it still remained an appropriate public measure .
in such an unclear area , it was not to be left to dáil members to decide , [regardless] of whether it still remained an appropriate public measure .

This is true of all computers , whatever make , size or cost and irrespective of the programs you run on your machine .
this is true of all computers , whatever make , size or cost and [regardless] of the programs you run on your machine .

The ideal treatment , irrespective of the antibiotic , is one which has its effect with a single dose .
the ideal treatment , [regardless] of the antibiotic , is one which has its effect with a single dose .

It concentrates on identified market segments , irrespective of the geographic location .
it concentrates on identified market segments , [regardless] of the geographic location .

In the last fifteen years successive laws have provided a continuing escalation in racism , irrespective of the government which brought them in .
in the last fifteen years successive laws have provided a continuing escalation in racism , [regardless] of the government which brought them in .

The various provinces of Russia were too many and too mixed to allow of any division into two or a few camps , irrespective of whether socio-economic conditions , nationality , religion , or politics are concerned .
the various provinces of russia were too many and too mixed to allow of any division into two or a few camps , [regardless] of whether socio-economic conditions , nationality , religion , or politics are concerned .

Yet even in a country so vast and diverse as the ex-Empire , there were some features that affected most parts , and set up their own horizontal influences at all lower levels of society irrespective of any vertical political pressures acting from a single centre .
yet even in a country so vast and diverse as the ex-empire , there were some features that affected most parts , and set up their own horizontal influences at all lower levels of society [regardless] of any vertical political pressures acting from a single centre .

But irrespective of whether there was one general factor or two , it was clear that these general factors only explained a part of the variation in images of parties and leaders .
but [regardless] of whether there was one general factor or two , it was clear that these general factors only explained a part of the variation in images of parties and leaders .

Amongst party supporters it increased by no more than 10 per cent , irrespective of what paper they read .
amongst party supporters it increased by no more than 10 per cent , [regardless] of what paper they read .

Highbrow television , however , reached the politically interested almost irrespective of their education level .
highbrow television , however , reached the politically interested almost [regardless] of their education level .

At the same time the audience pattern for highbrow television news seems more in keeping with the Public Service Ideal : reaching out to the interested public irrespective of social background .
at the same time the audience pattern for highbrow television news seems more in keeping with the public service ideal : reaching out to the interested public [regardless] of social background .

This also meant that at the opposite pole of this evolutionary sequence there had existed a stage which was the exact opposite , a stage when men or women paired freely with whoever they took a fancy to , irrespective of any rules or regulations .
this also meant that at the opposite pole of this evolutionary sequence there had existed a stage which was the exact opposite , a stage when men or women paired freely with whoever they took a fancy to , [regardless] of any rules or regulations .

Engels argued , and this is a fundamental aspect of his work that has become obscured in the discussion over whether there ever were such things as primitive promiscuity or group marriage , against those who asserted that monogamous marriage and the type of family that was associated with it was a universally valid ideal of man , irrespective of social or cultural context .
engels argued , and this is a fundamental aspect of his work that has become obscured in the discussion over whether there ever were such things as primitive promiscuity or group marriage , against those who asserted that monogamous marriage and the type of family that was associated with it was a universally valid ideal of man , [regardless] of social or cultural context .

Unless road pricing is applied to all roads , irrespective of their current state of congestion , it is likely to lead to further decentralisation as the motoring public and commerce move out to avoid extra transport costs .
unless road pricing is applied to all roads , [regardless] of their current state of congestion , it is likely to lead to further decentralisation as the motoring public and commerce move out to avoid extra transport costs .

At the beginning of the 1939–40 session , the predominant concern was the capacity and wisdom of continuing to provide adult education in the region irrespective of constitutional proprieties .
at the beginning of the 1939–40 session , the predominant concern was the capacity and wisdom of continuing to provide adult education in the region [regardless] of constitutional proprieties .

The assertion that ‘ good ’ workers are good and ‘ bad ’ workers bad irrespective of location ( and that that is all that needs to be said ) must be displaced or qualified by a demonstration that organizational form exerts an influence .
the assertion that ‘ good ’ workers are good and ‘ bad ’ workers bad [regardless] of location ( and that that is all that needs to be said ) must be displaced or qualified by a demonstration that organizational form exerts an influence .

Generic social work with the general population in closely knit communities may obviously be best achieved through small , patch-based teams ; but no organizational arrangement is universally valid irrespective of context and it is damaging when fashion seems to dictate otherwise .
generic social work with the general population in closely knit communities may obviously be best achieved through small , patch-based teams ; but no organizational arrangement is universally valid [regardless] of context and it is damaging when fashion seems to dictate otherwise .

This contradicted the underlying intentions of the legislation which sees all young people as needing pedagogical support irrespective of their social condition .
this contradicted the underlying intentions of the legislation which sees all young people as needing pedagogical support [regardless] of their social condition .

’ This clearly illustrates that the way you approach practice greatly affects how much you improve , irrespective of talent .
’ this clearly illustrates that the way you approach practice greatly affects how much you improve , [regardless] of talent .

Irrespective of the court proceedings , Hindu activists have chosen 9 November to lay the foundation-stone of the new Ram Janmabhoomi temple less than 100 yards from the mosque 's front gate .
[regardless] of the court proceedings , hindu activists have chosen 9 november to lay the foundation-stone of the new ram janmabhoomi temple less than 100 yards from the mosque 's front gate .

Another feature of the offence is that it applies irrespective of the ages of the parties ( save that a woman can not commit the offence of ‘ permitting ’ intercourse unless she is aged 16 or over ) .
another feature of the offence is that it applies [regardless] of the ages of the parties ( save that a woman can not commit the offence of ‘ permitting ’ intercourse unless she is aged 16 or over ) .

True to form , Muldoon simply did as he was told to do irrespective of the rights or wrongs of the decision .
true to form , muldoon simply did as he was told to do [regardless] of the rights or wrongs of the decision .

Every utensil or pan used on top of a stove or in an oven is subjected to dry heat which effects disinfection irrespective of any other process .
every utensil or pan used on top of a stove or in an oven is subjected to dry heat which effects disinfection [regardless] of any other process .

Irrespective of their original function , these historical documents now provide us with many fascinating insights into the way we were .
[regardless] of their original function , these historical documents now provide us with many fascinating insights into the way we were .

Craig and other ministers were at pains afterwards to make it clear that irrespective of the likelihood of a rival parade , the march would not have been allowed to proceed through the Waterside or the walled city .
craig and other ministers were at pains afterwards to make it clear that [regardless] of the likelihood of a rival parade , the march would not have been allowed to proceed through the waterside or the walled city .

The car shall be produced in constant supply , irrespective of demand , and be made available at incredibly silly prices for all worthy organisations , local authorities and small businesses on a means tested basis .
the car shall be produced in constant supply , [regardless] of demand , and be made available at incredibly silly prices for all worthy organisations , local authorities and small businesses on a means tested basis .

Irrespective of the final battle , Mr Ashdown has had a good war .
[regardless] of the final battle , mr ashdown has had a good war .

Is the tax really payable on the amount the husband left , irrespective of how much is left when the wife dies ?
is the tax really payable on the amount the husband left , [regardless] of how much is left when the wife dies ?

Every detainee was tortured , irrespective of age , sex or background .
every detainee was tortured , [regardless] of age , sex or background .

a requirement or condition which he applies or would apply equally to a man but — ( i ) which is such that the proportion of women who can comply with it is considerably smaller thin the proportion of men who can comply with it , and ( ii ) which he can not show to be justifiable irrespective of the sex of the person to whom it is applied , and ( iii ) which is to her detriment because she can not comply with it .
a requirement or condition which he applies or would apply equally to a man but — ( i ) which is such that the proportion of women who can comply with it is considerably smaller thin the proportion of men who can comply with it , and ( ii ) which he can not show to be justifiable [regardless] of the sex of the person to whom it is applied , and ( iii ) which is to her detriment because she can not comply with it .

The court held that for the application of the rule to have been lawful it would have had to be justifiable irrespective of race or ethnic or national origins .
the court held that for the application of the rule to have been lawful it would have had to be justifiable [regardless] of race or ethnic or national origins .

15.25 Through the programmes of study pupils should encounter a range of situations and activities which are designed to develop their competence , precision and confidence in speaking and listening , irrespective of their initial competence or home language .
15.25 through the programmes of study pupils should encounter a range of situations and activities which are designed to develop their competence , precision and confidence in speaking and listening , [regardless] of their initial competence or home language .

Irrespective of the precise role of linearity in the Hebrew notion of time , it was for long assumed that the eschatological nature of that concept greatly influenced , by way of Christianity , the development of our modern idea of time 's unidirectional non-cyclic nature .
[regardless] of the precise role of linearity in the hebrew notion of time , it was for long assumed that the eschatological nature of that concept greatly influenced , by way of christianity , the development of our modern idea of time 's unidirectional non-cyclic nature .

All forms of publishing are subject to the Act , including distributing or exhibiting films or videos , so that works imported from abroad may be caught irrespective of context , circumstances or intention .
all forms of publishing are subject to the act , including distributing or exhibiting films or videos , so that works imported from abroad may be caught [regardless] of context , circumstances or intention .

No legislative curb can guarantee fair and benevolent treatment for individuals irrespective of the fortunes of the political future ; laws will not stop tyrants .
no legislative curb can guarantee fair and benevolent treatment for individuals [regardless] of the fortunes of the political future ; laws will not stop tyrants .

For example the Welsh Commission undertook a Special Community Review to create a proper community structure , because the 1972 Act simply designated all the former parishes , boroughs and urban districts as communities irrespective of size and population .
for example the welsh commission undertook a special community review to create a proper community structure , because the 1972 act simply designated all the former parishes , boroughs and urban districts as communities [regardless] of size and population .

In a democracy , the elected member is entrusted with duties towards all persons in his constituency irrespective of the fact that they may not have voted for him .
in a democracy , the elected member is entrusted with duties towards all persons in his constituency [regardless] of the fact that they may not have voted for him .

It is extraordinary how few professional organisations have a code of ethics like social works : ‘ Basic to the profession of social work is the recognition of the value and dignity of every human being irrespective of origin , race , status , sex , sexual orientation , age , belief or contribution to society .
it is extraordinary how few professional organisations have a code of ethics like social works : ‘ basic to the profession of social work is the recognition of the value and dignity of every human being [regardless] of origin , race , status , sex , sexual orientation , age , belief or contribution to society .

Employment Training should be opened up to unemployed people over 50 , irrespective of how long they have been out of work .
employment training should be opened up to unemployed people over 50 , [regardless] of how long they have been out of work .

What is necessary is its replacement by formats of review and assessment including , if appropriate , medical and physical tests , but irrespective of age .
what is necessary is its replacement by formats of review and assessment including , if appropriate , medical and physical tests , but [regardless] of age .

Minimum monthly number of copies — irrespective of use — and built-in annual price increases .
minimum monthly number of copies — [regardless] of use — and built-in annual price increases .

exhaustion of the stock by its readers ( i.e. irrespective of its intrinsic value the stock no longer has enough ‘ unread ’ material to maintain an individual reader 's interests ) ;
exhaustion of the stock by its readers ( i.e. [regardless] of its intrinsic value the stock no longer has enough ‘ unread ’ material to maintain an individual reader 's interests ) ;

Binding is most appropriate for books which are specifically sought , by author or title , irrespective of their appearance .
binding is most appropriate for books which are specifically sought , by author or title , [regardless] of their appearance .

12 for each ewe , in this case irrespective of breed .
12 for each ewe , in this case [regardless] of breed .

which can not be shown to be justifiable irrespective of the person to whom it is applied . Similarly , indirect race discrimination occurs when a person applies a requirement which he applies or would apply to persons of a different racial group but :
which can not be shown to be justifiable [regardless] of the person to whom it is applied . similarly , indirect race discrimination occurs when a person applies a requirement which he applies or would apply to persons of a different racial group but :

We suggest that working-class people make rather more of a ‘ thing ’ of the whole business than do middle-class people , irrespective of their religious beliefs .
we suggest that working-class people make rather more of a ‘ thing ’ of the whole business than do middle-class people , [regardless] of their religious beliefs .

Irrespective of which view a person takes concerning Purgatory , whether it is found in this life before death or is arrived at in the next life after death there is agreement as to the purpose of Purgatory namely that it is a place where cleansing from sin takes place .
[regardless] of which view a person takes concerning purgatory , whether it is found in this life before death or is arrived at in the next life after death there is agreement as to the purpose of purgatory namely that it is a place where cleansing from sin takes place .

The dangers of institutions listening too much to special-interest pleading are self-evident ; a badly-presented contribution from a visiting speaker can damage the image of a whole industry ; hijacking of governors ' meetings by self-important and opinionated individuals is an alienating experience , irrespective of whether the offender is an educationalist or an industrialist .
the dangers of institutions listening too much to special-interest pleading are self-evident ; a badly-presented contribution from a visiting speaker can damage the image of a whole industry ; hijacking of governors ' meetings by self-important and opinionated individuals is an alienating experience , [regardless] of whether the offender is an educationalist or an industrialist .

As an odour is defined , however , as ‘ any chemical compound which can stimulate the olfactory sense ’ and in the absence of any judicial dicta on the point , ‘ effluvium ’ appears to include any odour irrespective of the presence or otherwise of any particulate matter .
as an odour is defined , however , as ‘ any chemical compound which can stimulate the olfactory sense ’ and in the absence of any judicial dicta on the point , ‘ effluvium ’ appears to include any odour [regardless] of the presence or otherwise of any particulate matter .

Irrespective of these differences in rime , a respectable objective has certain known qualities as follows :
[regardless] of these differences in rime , a respectable objective has certain known qualities as follows :

These rules may provide that certain business activities are always regulated in a certain way , irrespective of where they take place .
these rules may provide that certain business activities are always regulated in a certain way , [regardless] of where they take place .

However the case law of the European Court makes it clear that , irrespective of how undertakings become dominant , such undertakings have a special responsibility not to allow their conduct to impair genuine undistorted competition within the Common Market .
however the case law of the european court makes it clear that , [regardless] of how undertakings become dominant , such undertakings have a special responsibility not to allow their conduct to impair genuine undistorted competition within the common market .

Irrespective of whether an agreement or arrangement has been notified to the Commission or a complaint made , it is open to the Commission to launch its own investigation in relation to any agreement , practice or other activity which it may suspect infringes the competition rules .
[regardless] of whether an agreement or arrangement has been notified to the commission or a complaint made , it is open to the commission to launch its own investigation in relation to any agreement , practice or other activity which it may suspect infringes the competition rules .

It should however be noted that by virtue of the automatic discharge from a first bankruptcy after three years irrespective of the debtor 's conduct ( short of criminal offence ) , an individual debtor will be treated far more leniently than a company director guilty of wrongful trading , who can be disqualified for up to 15 years .
it should however be noted that by virtue of the automatic discharge from a first bankruptcy after three years [regardless] of the debtor 's conduct ( short of criminal offence ) , an individual debtor will be treated far more leniently than a company director guilty of wrongful trading , who can be disqualified for up to 15 years .

Our existence would lack even an Adamic fig leaf of meaning if we ignored our capacity to glide over our past , coalescing and juxtaposing our memories , irrespective of their temporal spatial or circumstantial labels .
our existence would lack even an adamic fig leaf of meaning if we ignored our capacity to glide over our past , coalescing and juxtaposing our memories , [regardless] of their temporal spatial or circumstantial labels .

At the same time , project staff will redesign and incorporate new parts for the borehole components , irrespective of the type of pump they serve .
at the same time , project staff will redesign and incorporate new parts for the borehole components , [regardless] of the type of pump they serve .

There are , however , natural systems in which dissolved metals move freely through membranes , irrespective of concentration .
there are , however , natural systems in which dissolved metals move freely through membranes , [regardless] of concentration .

But Cabrera 's detector , a superconducting loop , would pick up a monopole passing through it irrespective of its velocity .
but cabrera 's detector , a superconducting loop , would pick up a monopole passing through it [regardless] of its velocity .

Gone are the days when organisations automatically recruited new graduates irrespective of their degree topic on the basis that three years at university show that someone has the intelligence and application needed to hold down a job .
gone are the days when organisations automatically recruited new graduates [regardless] of their degree topic on the basis that three years at university show that someone has the intelligence and application needed to hold down a job .

The problem is to defeat the missile , irrespective of its terminal velocity and trajectory .
the problem is to defeat the missile , [regardless] of its terminal velocity and trajectory .

Mauchline Ware , as it is known , irrespective of where it was made , was produced for over 100 years and in that time millions of items must have been manufactured and distributed around the world .
mauchline ware , as it is known , [regardless] of where it was made , was produced for over 100 years and in that time millions of items must have been manufactured and distributed around the world .

Only as we begin to respond personally to the text 's content and open ourselves to its message ( irrespective of whether the consequence of this is an acceptance , modification , or rejection of it ) do we go beyond a mere decoding or perception of the words and begin to perceive meanings .
only as we begin to respond personally to the text 's content and open ourselves to its message ( [regardless] of whether the consequence of this is an acceptance , modification , or rejection of it ) do we go beyond a mere decoding or perception of the words and begin to perceive meanings .

The books should be capable of giving simple management information without extra effort , irrespective of the size of the practice .
the books should be capable of giving simple management information without extra effort , [regardless] of the size of the practice .

The essential principle which lies behind the Code is that the professional librarian 's prime duty is to facilitate access to materials and information in order to meet the requirement of the client , irrespective of the librarian 's personal interests and views on the content of the material and the client 's requirement .
the essential principle which lies behind the code is that the professional librarian 's prime duty is to facilitate access to materials and information in order to meet the requirement of the client , [regardless] of the librarian 's personal interests and views on the content of the material and the client 's requirement .

In Oxford , particular care has been taken to try to identify all cases of self-injury coming to the general hospital , irrespective of whether they have been referred to the hospital psychiatric service .
in oxford , particular care has been taken to try to identify all cases of self-injury coming to the general hospital , [regardless] of whether they have been referred to the hospital psychiatric service .

In a second study , Kennedy ( 1972 ) found that repetition after 1 year was less common in patients admitted to the Edinburgh Regional Poisoning Treatment Centre ( 12 per cent ) than in those who made attempts and were not referred to the Centre , irrespective of whether the latter were referred to psychiatrists elsewhere ( 38 per cent repeated ) or not ( 37 per cent repeated ) .
in a second study , kennedy ( 1972 ) found that repetition after 1 year was less common in patients admitted to the edinburgh regional poisoning treatment centre ( 12 per cent ) than in those who made attempts and were not referred to the centre , [regardless] of whether the latter were referred to psychiatrists elsewhere ( 38 per cent repeated ) or not ( 37 per cent repeated ) .

In effect , the concept implied a commitment on the part of the employee to work as a moral good in its own right , irrespective of wages , conditions , or personal ( selfish ) satisfaction .
in effect , the concept implied a commitment on the part of the employee to work as a moral good in its own right , [regardless] of wages , conditions , or personal ( selfish ) satisfaction .

Irrespective of whether the loan proposal is made by a government , state enterprise or private corporation , an appraisal of the economic and political situation of the borrower 's country must be made to assess the risk involved .
[regardless] of whether the loan proposal is made by a government , state enterprise or private corporation , an appraisal of the economic and political situation of the borrower 's country must be made to assess the risk involved .

Most large corporations , irrespective of their domestic base , usually seek to establish a presence overseas by direct investment in a subsidiary unit or joint venture .
most large corporations , [regardless] of their domestic base , usually seek to establish a presence overseas by direct investment in a subsidiary unit or joint venture .

If Kinsella were to go on a binge , he would drink his way down to the last penny of whatever money is available , irrespective of who it belongs to .
if kinsella were to go on a binge , he would drink his way down to the last penny of whatever money is available , [regardless] of who it belongs to .

Some expenditure would have occurred irrespective of designation , but almost three-quarters of total spending occurred as a result of enterprise-zone declarations .
some expenditure would have occurred [regardless] of designation , but almost three-quarters of total spending occurred as a result of enterprise-zone declarations .

There is also another way in which being female has an effect ; women are more likely to be in the kind of low status , perhaps unpleasant , jobs where absenteeism is more likely irrespective of sex .
there is also another way in which being female has an effect ; women are more likely to be in the kind of low status , perhaps unpleasant , jobs where absenteeism is more likely [regardless] of sex .

On the contrary , he deals with players and clubs irrespective of their image , religion or identity .
on the contrary , he deals with players and clubs [regardless] of their image , religion or identity .

Irrespective of facilities , however , Gidley ( 1987 ) discovered that handwashing techniques were lamentable .
[regardless] of facilities , however , gidley ( 1987 ) discovered that handwashing techniques were lamentable .

It can be played , listened to , read and written throughout the world , irrespective of mother tongue and usually brings great satisfaction to sender and receiver .
it can be played , listened to , read and written throughout the world , [regardless] of mother tongue and usually brings great satisfaction to sender and receiver .

Irrespective of the upstream mechanism of FFA and CD36 interaction , our results demonstrate very rapid activation of a well-characterized intracellular kinase cascade of proapoptotic signaling .
[regardless] of the upstream mechanism of ffa and cd36 interaction , our results demonstrate very rapid activation of a well-characterized intracellular kinase cascade of proapoptotic signaling .

Viral resistance mutations and therapy failure An intent-to-treat analysis of the combined number of patients per arm with detected resistance mutations irrespective of therapy failure in phase I and during the final TI in phase II showed no significant difference between arms ( continuous therapy/single TI , 7/21 ; repeated TI , 10/21 ; p > 0.05 ) .
viral resistance mutations and therapy failure an intent-to-treat analysis of the combined number of patients per arm with detected resistance mutations [regardless] of therapy failure in phase i and during the final ti in phase ii showed no significant difference between arms ( continuous therapy/single ti , 7/21 ; repeated ti , 10/21 ; p > 0.05 ) .

Consistent with the findings of SSITT [ 11 ] , analysis of our data by the categorical classification of a “ responder ” as a patient with viral load less than 5,000 copies/ml at week 12 off therapy showed no significant difference in this frequency between arms ( single TI , 5/18 ; repeated TI , 5/16 ) , suggesting the presence of “ responders ” irrespective of previous protocol-mandated TIs .
consistent with the findings of ssitt [ 11 ] , analysis of our data by the categorical classification of a “ responder ” as a patient with viral load less than 5,000 copies/ml at week 12 off therapy showed no significant difference in this frequency between arms ( single ti , 5/18 ; repeated ti , 5/16 ) , suggesting the presence of “ responders ” [regardless] of previous protocol-mandated tis .

This model assumes that the rate of leaving the exposed or infectious class is constant , irrespective of the time already spent in that class .
this model assumes that the rate of leaving the exposed or infectious class is constant , [regardless] of the time already spent in that class .

Overpopulation , probably the most frequently cited drawback of curing aging , could not result for many decades , but the same can not be said for breadth of access irrespective of ability to pay : in a post-9/11 world , restricted availability of rejuvenation therapies resembling that seen today with AIDS drugs would invite violence on a scale that , shall we say , might be worth trying to avoid .
overpopulation , probably the most frequently cited drawback of curing aging , could not result for many decades , but the same can not be said for breadth of access [regardless] of ability to pay : in a post-9/11 world , restricted availability of rejuvenation therapies resembling that seen today with aids drugs would invite violence on a scale that , shall we say , might be worth trying to avoid .

If you believe that the trust fund is an accounting fiction ( the government borrowing from itself , paying itself interest , and writing checks that are government commitments irrespective of the fund ) , then the transaction is a total wash .
if you believe that the trust fund is an accounting fiction ( the government borrowing from itself , paying itself interest , and writing checks that are government commitments [regardless] of the fund ) , then the transaction is a total wash .

He said , `` This may be Baghdad 's last chance to learn lessons from the developments of the past few months and appreciate the futility of entering into a fresh stand-off with the U.S. , irrespective of the justice or injustice of U.S. policy in the MidEast . ''
he said , `` this may be baghdad 's last chance to learn lessons from the developments of the past few months and appreciate the futility of entering into a fresh stand-off with the u.s. , [regardless] of the justice or injustice of u.s. policy in the mideast . ''

It 's silly to prize optimism for its own sake in a public figure , irrespective of whether that optimism is justified .
it 's silly to prize optimism for its own sake in a public figure , [regardless] of whether that optimism is justified .

In Ghana , where President Clinton stopped Monday at the start of his six nation African tour , the Daily Graphic called this maiden visit to the country by a U.S. president `` a victory for all Ghanaians , irrespective of political belief and social status or other criteria . ''
in ghana , where president clinton stopped monday at the start of his six nation african tour , the daily graphic called this maiden visit to the country by a u.s. president `` a victory for all ghanaians , [regardless] of political belief and social status or other criteria . ''

This same result held true in the period from 1989 to 1991 , demonstrating again that , irrespective of business-cycle conditions , the probability that a firm will add or lay off workers is independent of its size .
this same result held true in the period from 1989 to 1991 , demonstrating again that , [regardless] of business-cycle conditions , the probability that a firm will add or lay off workers is independent of its size .

Under the Republican plan , irrespective of the numbers , it will grow at 7 or even more percent . ''
under the republican plan , [regardless] of the numbers , it will grow at 7 or even more percent . ''

If abortion is not wrong -- irrespective of the circumstances -- then the issue becomes a tradeoff among unpleasant alternatives .
if abortion is not wrong -- [regardless] of the circumstances -- then the issue becomes a tradeoff among unpleasant alternatives .

Johnson and Webster took up political positions that turned out to be antagonistic irrespective of the gap in space and time .
johnson and webster took up political positions that turned out to be antagonistic [regardless] of the gap in space and time .

