This is not an isolated example ; ;
this is not an [alone] example ; ;

Thus , the Mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking , and for this reason , the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated contemplation .
thus , the mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking , and for this reason , the mystic in asia did not long remain in [alone] contemplation .

An isolated case of quackery ? ?
an [alone] case of quackery ? ?

By no means are these isolated cases .
by no means are these [alone] cases .

Nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material .
nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of america the hundreds of [alone] and semi-isolated ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material .

This is , no doubt , inaccurate , but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant .
this is , no doubt , inaccurate , but it does convey how [alone] she feels among the vast army of the nonobservant .

Primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects ( houses , trees , implements , etc. ) nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities .
primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects ( houses , trees , implements , etc. ) nor a collection of [alone] and neutral sensory qualities .

As long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data , most of the quality and interconnectedness of existence loses its objectivity , becomes an invention of consciousness , and the result is a philosophical scepticism .
as long as perception is seen as composed only of [alone] sense data , most of the quality and interconnectedness of existence loses its objectivity , becomes an invention of consciousness , and the result is a philosophical scepticism .

This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems .
this is more ambitious than ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his [alone] problems .

The human is deeper than a mass ideology , certainly deeper than the isolated individual ; ;
the human is deeper than a mass ideology , certainly deeper than the [alone] individual ; ;

The Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals .
the clinico-pathologic conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small [alone] military hospitals .

There is a difference in the experimental arrangement , in that the U.S. microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the Russian instruments are isolated from the skin .
there is a difference in the experimental arrangement , in that the u.s. microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the russian instruments are [alone] from the skin .

The best way to determine the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth , a method that produced surprising results : maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years , his mate in less than three ; ;
the best way to determine the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs [alone] from birth , a method that produced surprising results : maturing of a male indian python in less than two years , his mate in less than three ; ;

Such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once .
such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several [alone] pleural vessels at once .

The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer , 1950 ) .
the most conclusively identified is l-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone , which was [alone] from rutabaga ( greer , 1950 ) .

Frequently a few isolated thick-walled cells or , rarely , groups of such cells in the xylem region , were also specifically stained , but there was no such staining in epidermis , cortex , most xylem cells , ray cells , or pith .
frequently a few [alone] thick-walled cells or , rarely , groups of such cells in the xylem region , were also specifically stained , but there was no such staining in epidermis , cortex , most xylem cells , ray cells , or pith .

This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals .
this set must consist of [alone] points and closed intervals .

This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points .
this prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of [alone] tangent points .

In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say Af , the function Af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued .
in some neighborhood of an [alone] tangent point in the f-plane , say af , the function af is either double-valued or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued .

Isolated enterprises have been launched , but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern .
[alone] enterprises have been launched , but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern .

As an isolated policy , land reform is likely to be politically disruptive ; ;
as an [alone] policy , land reform is likely to be politically disruptive ; ;

Although the Brandywine population is still predominantly rural , `` there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities .
although the brandywine population is still predominantly rural , `` there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively [alone] rural communities .

Analysis means the evaluation of subparts , the comparative ratings of parts , the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements .
analysis means the evaluation of subparts , the comparative ratings of parts , the comprehension of the meaning of [alone] elements .

When an occurrence Af is isolated during text reading , a random memory address Af , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of Af .
when an occurrence af is [alone] during text reading , a random memory address af , the address of a cell in the x-region , is computed from the form of af .

It is not positivism which has isolated metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription .
it is not positivism which has [alone] metaphysics from reality by distinguishing between description and prescription .

In order to be saved , plasticity had had to be isolated ; ;
in order to be saved , plasticity had had to be [alone] ; ;

and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less interchangeable and contour-obliterating facet-planes by which plasticity was isolated under the Cubist method , the subject itself became largely unrecognizable .
and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less interchangeable and contour-obliterating facet-planes by which plasticity was [alone] under the cubist method , the subject itself became largely unrecognizable .

and the broad , opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane .
and the broad , opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been [alone] in such a way as to make them jump out of plane .

In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other Diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth .
in a brief chapter dealing with `` various other diagnoses '' , he quotes [alone] passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth .

Once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity , they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated contexts .
once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity , they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in [alone] contexts .

Metabolite 1 , isolated from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activity , which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite .
metabolite 1 , [alone] from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activity , which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite .

pharmacological effects in vitro on isolated surviving organs and in vivo on blood pressure were assayed ; ;
pharmacological effects in vitro on [alone] surviving organs and in vivo on blood pressure were assayed ; ;

The essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first isolated by Bellman .
the essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first [alone] by bellman .

Now , riding this hospital bus , feeling isolated and utterly alone , I knew that she was genuine and unique , quite unlike any girl I had known before .
now , riding this hospital bus , feeling [alone] and utterly alone , i knew that she was genuine and unique , quite unlike any girl i had known before .

He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lord's world .
he hated them too much to understand -- the people of this [alone] law-unto-itself world that was lord's world .

An isolated cycle path was the scene of the latest attack in Central Milton Keynes .
an [alone] cycle path was the scene of the latest attack in central milton keynes .

Forestry workers say joyriders who steal cars and set them alight in isolated woodland risk causing a devastating forest fire .
forestry workers say joyriders who steal cars and set them alight in [alone] woodland risk causing a devastating forest fire .

This is all that remains of a stolen van , dumped on an isolated track in the forest of dean , then set alight .
this is all that remains of a stolen van , dumped on an [alone] track in the forest of dean , then set alight .

Without help , many elderly people would be left isolated .
without help , many elderly people would be left [alone] .

Hurd isolated in Borders row
hurd [alone] in borders row

Although Tracey Cole 's case is extreme it 's not isolated , In January Pamela Wray hanged herself at her parents home in Oxford , because she felt inadequate .
although tracey cole 's case is extreme it 's not [alone] , in january pamela wray hanged herself at her parents home in oxford , because she felt inadequate .

The other face of Milton Keynes … a young population … many feel isolated … crime and vandalism is high … homelessness a growing problem … ironic in a city that boasts a high standard of housing … low rise building with low costs … fuel conscious homes surrounded by green and pleasant land .
the other face of milton keynes … a young population … many feel [alone] … crime and vandalism is high … homelessness a growing problem … ironic in a city that boasts a high standard of housing … low rise building with low costs … fuel conscious homes surrounded by green and pleasant land .

He says ; It seems it was an isolated incident involving two people .
he says ; it seems it was an [alone] incident involving two people .

They 're a unique record of some of the world 's most isolated areas … and the people who live in them .
they 're a unique record of some of the world 's most [alone] areas … and the people who live in them .

Isolated from the rest of the world under stalinist rule for 46 years .
[alone] from the rest of the world under stalinist rule for 46 years .

At Wyre Piddle , a 65 year old woman suffered injuries to her face when the gang broke into her isolated bungalow .
at wyre piddle , a 65 year old woman suffered injuries to her face when the gang broke into her [alone] bungalow .

An isolated section of rail line on the Herefordshire Welsh border was washed out by flash floods and snow ploughs were on standby on main roads in the county in case the snow persisted .
an [alone] section of rail line on the herefordshire welsh border was washed out by flash floods and snow ploughs were on standby on main roads in the county in case the snow persisted .

The car had been stolen earlier in a raid in Freelands then driven over 20 miles to the isolated village of Milcombe near Banbury .
the car had been stolen earlier in a raid in freelands then driven over 20 miles to the [alone] village of milcombe near banbury .

The European Community is asking for what remains of Yugoslavia to be isolated from world organisations , like the United Nations , as violence continues in Sarajevo in spite of a ceasefire call .
the european community is asking for what remains of yugoslavia to be [alone] from world organisations , like the united nations , as violence continues in sarajevo in spite of a ceasefire call .

It can be a lonely , isolated life on a farm and a whole day often passes without meeting or talking to anyone .
it can be a lonely , [alone] life on a farm and a whole day often passes without meeting or talking to anyone .

But you see doing them in the isolated spot
but you see doing them in the [alone] spot

o over there cos it , it must be must have felt quite isolated
o over there cos it , it must be must have felt quite [alone]

She demanded guarantees before aid would be resumed following the refusal by Bosnian Serbs to allow convoys to reach isolated towns in eastern Bosnia .
she demanded guarantees before aid would be resumed following the refusal by bosnian serbs to allow convoys to reach [alone] towns in eastern bosnia .

‘ Britain will suffer economically , will be isolated from Europe , and the rest of Europe will go ahead in some shape or form , taking decisions which affect us intimately and over which we have no control .
‘ britain will suffer economically , will be [alone] from europe , and the rest of europe will go ahead in some shape or form , taking decisions which affect us intimately and over which we have no control .

Several times , the president had said he was isolated .
several times , the president had said he was [alone] .

He states that the Causey Mounth , isolated from heavy traffic , could be developed as a commuter route for cyclists and for other leisure and recreational uses .
he states that the causey mounth , [alone] from heavy traffic , could be developed as a commuter route for cyclists and for other leisure and recreational uses .

‘ The plant was isolated and the gas was vented to the flare .
‘ the plant was [alone] and the gas was vented to the flare .

‘ They did n't attempt to clear the area of fighting , particularly since it was at night … We did intervene in securing the compounds of aid agencies … but we ca n't get involved in fighting with isolated groups . ’
‘ they did n't attempt to clear the area of fighting , particularly since it was at night … we did intervene in securing the compounds of aid agencies … but we ca n't get involved in fighting with [alone] groups . ’

The president acknowledged that ground convoys are the best way to deliver aid , but said the airdrops were ‘ a temporary measure , designed to address the immediate needs of isolated areas that can not be reached at this time by ground . ’
the president acknowledged that ground convoys are the best way to deliver aid , but said the airdrops were ‘ a temporary measure , designed to address the immediate needs of [alone] areas that can not be reached at this time by ground . ’

Recombinant plaques with a white phenotype were isolated .
recombinant plaques with a white phenotype were [alone] .

‘ Aycliffe was very isolated .
‘ aycliffe was very [alone] .

For the isolated detached property , situated in a few acres of land , is a cemetery lodge .
for the [alone] detached property , situated in a few acres of land , is a cemetery lodge .

He said the 19-minute guideline was more understandable for emergencies in isolated areas .
he said the 19-minute guideline was more understandable for emergencies in [alone] areas .

He said : ‘ If there is any evidence that this case is not an isolated occurrence we will have to examine that . ’
he said : ‘ if there is any evidence that this case is not an [alone] occurrence we will have to examine that . ’

‘ This was an isolated incident and we have spoken to the postman involved , ’ he said .
‘ this was an [alone] incident and we have spoken to the postman involved , ’ he said .

They question the voluntary nature of his confession and say rapes and murders by their forces are isolated and treated as crimes when detected .
they question the voluntary nature of his confession and say rapes and murders by their forces are [alone] and treated as crimes when detected .

It is understood police believe it may have been an isolated incident .
it is understood police believe it may have been an [alone] incident .

It is understood police believe it may have been an isolated incident .
it is understood police believe it may have been an [alone] incident .

He said : ‘ Our future expansion programme is frozen , because without a Glasgow bridgehead sites further north would be too isolated from the central hub of our business .
he said : ‘ our future expansion programme is frozen , because without a glasgow bridgehead sites further north would be too [alone] from the central hub of our business .

She had also had other family difficulties and this led her to feel increasingly depressed and isolated , and to her abuse of alcohol and drugs .
she had also had other family difficulties and this led her to feel increasingly depressed and [alone] , and to her abuse of alcohol and drugs .

But he is old , deeply unpopular , and increasingly isolated from his own party .
but he is old , deeply unpopular , and increasingly [alone] from his own party .

Armed police and soldiers will patrol city streets and isolated communities , the police commissioner , Johan van der Merwe , announced yesterday .
armed police and soldiers will patrol city streets and [alone] communities , the police commissioner , johan van der merwe , announced yesterday .

Run-on transcription assays in isolated nuclei showed that both the plasmid and the ble gene were transcribed in an alpha-amanitin sensitive manner , in both procyclic and bloodstream stage transformants ( Fig .
run-on transcription assays in [alone] nuclei showed that both the plasmid and the ble gene were transcribed in an alpha-amanitin sensitive manner , in both procyclic and bloodstream stage transformants ( fig .

Defeat could have left Airdrie isolated at the bottom but they displayed no fear in the face of a tepid Falkirk performance .
defeat could have left airdrie [alone] at the bottom but they displayed no fear in the face of a tepid falkirk performance .

Nuclei were isolated from cell lines or spleen from transgenic animals or inbred mouse strains .
nuclei were [alone] from cell lines or spleen from transgenic animals or inbred mouse strains .

Mr Heron found his wife 's bloodsoaked body at the couple 's isolated home Aeolian House at Morton Palms , Middleton St George , on the outskirts of Darlington .
mr heron found his wife 's bloodsoaked body at the couple 's [alone] home aeolian house at morton palms , middleton st george , on the outskirts of darlington .

As the land was reclaimed , these channels became isolated and the river returned to its full force as a single artery and became even more powerful .
as the land was reclaimed , these channels became [alone] and the river returned to its full force as a single artery and became even more powerful .

Chief Supt Dave Thompson , who is in charge at Sefton , the division where the murder took place , said : ‘ The family feel alone and isolated and they are going through a sense of frustration and they need to know more information . ’
chief supt dave thompson , who is in charge at sefton , the division where the murder took place , said : ‘ the family feel alone and [alone] and they are going through a sense of frustration and they need to know more information . ’

The Tories , and their ruling-class supporters , wish to keep the ordinary worker from knowing what the substance of this social chapter is , how it really just gives more backing to much of what they have already gained through industrial struggles for nearly 200 years , and the extension of these rights to every worker , especially the more isolated ones .
the tories , and their ruling-class supporters , wish to keep the ordinary worker from knowing what the substance of this social chapter is , how it really just gives more backing to much of what they have already gained through industrial struggles for nearly 200 years , and the extension of these rights to every worker , especially the more [alone] ones .

Telomeric DNAs have been isolated from numerous evolutionary distant species ranging from yeast to human .
telomeric dnas have been [alone] from numerous evolutionary distant species ranging from yeast to human .

The resulting EcoRI-BstEII fragment ( containing the 140k codons 417 to 646 ) was isolated and inserted between the adaptor EcoRI site and the SmaI site of the vector p585T7a .
the resulting ecori-bsteii fragment ( containing the 140k codons 417 to 646 ) was [alone] and inserted between the adaptor ecori site and the smai site of the vector p585t7a .

And he added to the problems confronting new Welsh Secretary John Redwood by referring to Wales as one of the ‘ isolated fortresses ’ held by the Tory Right in the Government .
and he added to the problems confronting new welsh secretary john redwood by referring to wales as one of the ‘ [alone] fortresses ’ held by the tory right in the government .

‘ The Right sits beleaguered in isolated fortresses in the Home Office , Social Security and Wales .
‘ the right sits beleaguered in [alone] fortresses in the home office , social security and wales .

‘ Players have tended to get isolated and run away from support .
‘ players have tended to get [alone] and run away from support .

John Isidore is isolated both mentally and physically .
john isidore is [alone] both mentally and physically .

She was too cowardly and let herself be isolated ; something she could not bear .
she was too cowardly and let herself be [alone] ; something she could not bear .

He wins the pools and with that money he buys an isolated country cottage , where he plans to keep Miranda until she falls in love with him .
he wins the pools and with that money he buys an [alone] country cottage , where he plans to keep miranda until she falls in love with him .

This wedge-shaped promontory that led up to the isolated rock on which the castle itself stood was nowhere quite sheer , and stunted trees rooting precariously in its crevices afforded cover for one solitary boy , though they would not have hidden an approach in numbers .
this wedge-shaped promontory that led up to the [alone] rock on which the castle itself stood was nowhere quite sheer , and stunted trees rooting precariously in its crevices afforded cover for one solitary boy , though they would not have hidden an approach in numbers .

But , with unions in all other coal companies , and in Mitsui 's other mines , accepting management plans , the Miike workers were isolated .
but , with unions in all other coal companies , and in mitsui 's other mines , accepting management plans , the miike workers were [alone] .

When they have not been able to do so they have been isolated and their influence has been drastically reduced ’ ( Adams and Rummel , 1977 , p. 12 ) .
when they have not been able to do so they have been [alone] and their influence has been drastically reduced ’ ( adams and rummel , 1977 , p. 12 ) .

The drains were at last able to carry the surface water and only a few isolated areas remained flooded .
the drains were at last able to carry the surface water and only a few [alone] areas remained flooded .

He is looking at services offered by the council and his drawings include the mobile bus which takes books to isolated farmhouses .
he is looking at services offered by the council and his drawings include the mobile bus which takes books to [alone] farmhouses .

On Anglesey , thieves got away with almost £4,000 worth of property from an isolated barn at Brynteg .
on anglesey , thieves got away with almost £4,000 worth of property from an [alone] barn at brynteg .

Another break-in at an isolated spot occurred near the Conwy Falls , Betws-y-Coed .
another break-in at an [alone] spot occurred near the conwy falls , betws-y-coed .

Police , however , say that so far only one or two isolated incidents have been reported .
police , however , say that so far only one or two [alone] incidents have been reported .

Northallerton Health Authority wants to close the hospital , which caters for people with learning difficulties and handicaps , because it says it is not up to modern standards and is isolated .
northallerton health authority wants to close the hospital , which caters for people with learning difficulties and handicaps , because it says it is not up to modern standards and is [alone] .

They say the hospital is not isolated , but close at hand for Dales people .
they say the hospital is not [alone] , but close at hand for dales people .

Villages throughout Bihar , Northern Bengal and Assam , once isolated communities with little food or water , need only acknowledge a Darlington firm , Skerne Iron Works , for their very livelihood .
villages throughout bihar , northern bengal and assam , once [alone] communities with little food or water , need only acknowledge a darlington firm , skerne iron works , for their very livelihood .

Mr Nelson claimed the disqualified driving was an isolated incident .
mr nelson claimed the disqualified driving was an [alone] incident .

Cleveland County Councillor David Walsh last night claimed the plans would hit important centres like Middlesbrough , and leave Saltburn and Redcar completely isolated .
cleveland county councillor david walsh last night claimed the plans would hit important centres like middlesbrough , and leave saltburn and redcar completely [alone] .

Mr Miller makes weekly shopping trips to Middlesbrough and Redcar from his home in Carlin How in isolated east Cleveland .
mr miller makes weekly shopping trips to middlesbrough and redcar from his home in carlin how in [alone] east cleveland .

Rather than have a set of isolated jigsaw pieces we are now able to start putting them together .
rather than have a set of [alone] jigsaw pieces we are now able to start putting them together .

But whatever the theory , outside the ground , isolated outbreaks of violence did happen yesterday , which the police could n't predict or prevent .
but whatever the theory , outside the ground , [alone] outbreaks of violence did happen yesterday , which the police could n't predict or prevent .

‘ The village is physically isolated anyway , and the cumulative effect of all these things left us even more cut off than before .
‘ the village is physically [alone] anyway , and the cumulative effect of all these things left us even more cut off than before .

It found that while high stress levels and depression did not affect mortality risks , socially isolated patients were 49pc more likely to die following recovery from a heart attack than those with social support .
it found that while high stress levels and depression did not affect mortality risks , socially [alone] patients were 49pc more likely to die following recovery from a heart attack than those with social support .

They 're kept in steel and concrete bunkers , and staff work in isolated huts for safety reasons — if one blows up , it wo n't take all the others with it .
they 're kept in steel and concrete bunkers , and staff work in [alone] huts for safety reasons — if one blows up , it wo n't take all the others with it .

It all started more than a decade ago from this barn on an isolated farm in South Shropshire .
it all started more than a decade ago from this barn on an [alone] farm in south shropshire .

Farmworkers are especially vulnerable because they 're isolated and if they 're working alone they do n't have any support , working in ones and twos on a remote hillside.Some do n't even feel they can dare to approach a union .
farmworkers are especially vulnerable because they 're [alone] and if they 're working alone they do n't have any support , working in ones and twos on a remote hillside.some do n't even feel they can dare to approach a union .

Neighbours were evacuated in case of further explosions and engineers isolated the gas supply to the house .
neighbours were evacuated in case of further explosions and engineers [alone] the gas supply to the house .

Sheffield Crown Court heard that the man , who ca n't be named for legal reasons , kidnapped his twenty seven year old wife and took her to an isolated spot on the moors above the city and raped and sexually assaulted her .
sheffield crown court heard that the man , who ca n't be named for legal reasons , kidnapped his twenty seven year old wife and took her to an [alone] spot on the moors above the city and raped and sexually assaulted her .

Do you see Mrs. Thatcher 's fairly intransigent stance over Europe now — is that isolated more within the Tory Party ?
do you see mrs. thatcher 's fairly intransigent stance over europe now — is that [alone] more within the tory party ?

No , they 're not going to be better , except in those isolated cases where the service provision has been produced .
no , they 're not going to be better , except in those [alone] cases where the service provision has been produced .

They once lived on a housing estate , but the council was forced to move them to the isolated bungalow after complaints from neighbours .
they once lived on a housing estate , but the council was forced to move them to the [alone] bungalow after complaints from neighbours .

erm they feel isolated .
erm they feel [alone] .

The eighteen year old woman was grabbed by a man in his thirties as she walked down the isolated track .
the eighteen year old woman was grabbed by a man in his thirties as she walked down the [alone] track .

In the last chapter , five tones found on English one-syllable utterances were introduced , and if English was spoken in isolated monosyllables , the job of tonal analysis would be a rather similar one to that described for tone languages .
in the last chapter , five tones found on english one-syllable utterances were introduced , and if english was spoken in [alone] monosyllables , the job of tonal analysis would be a rather similar one to that described for tone languages .

This is the sort of speech that would be produced by a ‘ mechanical speech ’ device ( as described at the beginning of Chapter 14 ) that made sentences by putting together recordings of isolated words .
this is the sort of speech that would be produced by a ‘ mechanical speech ’ device ( as described at the beginning of chapter 14 ) that made sentences by putting together recordings of [alone] words .

It is too early yet to say how useful the discourse approach will be , but even if it achieves nothing else , it can at least be claimed to have shown the inadequacy of attempting to analyse the function of intonation on the basis of isolated sentences or tone-units , removed from their linguistic and situational context .
it is too early yet to say how useful the discourse approach will be , but even if it achieves nothing else , it can at least be claimed to have shown the inadequacy of attempting to analyse the function of intonation on the basis of [alone] sentences or tone-units , removed from their linguistic and situational context .

The basic philosophy is the same , however , in that both views illustrate the fact that there is in intonation some organisation at a level higher than the isolated tone-unit ; this was pointed out in the discussion of Trim ( 1959 ) ( notes on Chapter 16 above ) ; see also Fox ( 1973 ) .
the basic philosophy is the same , however , in that both views illustrate the fact that there is in intonation some organisation at a level higher than the [alone] tone-unit ; this was pointed out in the discussion of trim ( 1959 ) ( notes on chapter 16 above ) ; see also fox ( 1973 ) .

By having a friend to share their problems with they would feel less isolated and could learn how to cope .
by having a friend to share their problems with they would feel less [alone] and could learn how to cope .

The woman was attacked in the early hours of Wednesday at an isolated station at Mexborough , South Yorks , as she waited for a late train home .
the woman was attacked in the early hours of wednesday at an [alone] station at mexborough , south yorks , as she waited for a late train home .

With Ronny Rosenthal providing belated support for an isolated Rush and the Reds committed to attack , Spartak profited from the space to strike their decisive 62nd minute blow .
with ronny rosenthal providing belated support for an [alone] rush and the reds committed to attack , spartak profited from the space to strike their decisive 62nd minute blow .

As a regular lieutenant in charge of the divisional runners at Souville stated , simply : ‘ The bravery of the man isolated in the midst of danger is the true form of courage .
as a regular lieutenant in charge of the divisional runners at souville stated , simply : ‘ the bravery of the man [alone] in the midst of danger is the true form of courage .

The hunting expeditions had become more numerous ; more and more time was spent in the isolated , leisurely magnificence of Schloss Pless in Upper Silesia , or with the Kaiserin and her entourage taking the waters at Bad Homburg .
the hunting expeditions had become more numerous ; more and more time was spent in the [alone] , leisurely magnificence of schloss pless in upper silesia , or with the kaiserin and her entourage taking the waters at bad homburg .

What would be extremely damaging to us would be Britain becoming isolated from the rest of Europe .
what would be extremely damaging to us would be britain becoming [alone] from the rest of europe .

In the first instance , the task must be isolated ; only then can meaningful practice begin in earnest .
in the first instance , the task must be [alone] ; only then can meaningful practice begin in earnest .

Having isolated the most pressing area of weakness , the real work can begin .
having [alone] the most pressing area of weakness , the real work can begin .

The evidence shows that animals can vary their size extremely rapidly in a short space of time when they become , for example , geographically isolated from the main herd .
the evidence shows that animals can vary their size extremely rapidly in a short space of time when they become , for example , geographically [alone] from the main herd .

The problem with maintaining the existence of a ‘ primordial element ’ is determining how to go about isolating such an element and how to determine the relative truth of particular religions by means of this ‘ primordial element ’ once it is isolated .
the problem with maintaining the existence of a ‘ primordial element ’ is determining how to go about isolating such an element and how to determine the relative truth of particular religions by means of this ‘ primordial element ’ once it is [alone] .

In spite of Amritsar , he announced himself willing to co-operate with the Montagu-Chelmsford reforms which were unveiled at the end of the year , and only changed his mind as the degree of Dyer 's support in British public opinion was borne in upon him , and as he began to find himself isolated by the more radical elements in Congress , who had either already lost their faith in the British , or had never had any .
in spite of amritsar , he announced himself willing to co-operate with the montagu-chelmsford reforms which were unveiled at the end of the year , and only changed his mind as the degree of dyer 's support in british public opinion was borne in upon him , and as he began to find himself [alone] by the more radical elements in congress , who had either already lost their faith in the british , or had never had any .

While not all individuals felt able to be out and visible all the time , the invisibility that had isolated lesbians and gays for decades and stifled their creativity had , to some extent , been lifted .
while not all individuals felt able to be out and visible all the time , the invisibility that had [alone] lesbians and gays for decades and stifled their creativity had , to some extent , been lifted .

Isolated pockets of Labour support for lesbians and gays continued , but the rest of 1987 saw Labour silent in the face of renewed homophobic attacks by the Tories — the reference to the Positive Images issue in the 1987 election propaganda , the advocacy of traditional family values in the Department of Education and Science circular on sex education .
[alone] pockets of labour support for lesbians and gays continued , but the rest of 1987 saw labour silent in the face of renewed homophobic attacks by the tories — the reference to the positive images issue in the 1987 election propaganda , the advocacy of traditional family values in the department of education and science circular on sex education .

So , although it is tragic that every therapist is now hearing more and more from their patients about the way they were abused in the past , the fact that it is being brought out into the open and talked about publicly does bring some relief to those who until recently thought that their case was an isolated one .
so , although it is tragic that every therapist is now hearing more and more from their patients about the way they were abused in the past , the fact that it is being brought out into the open and talked about publicly does bring some relief to those who until recently thought that their case was an [alone] one .

Under hypnosis Sylvia remembered being adamant in her refusal to join in a game of hide and seek , which would have involved her in hiding in isolated , cramped and possibly dark surroundings so that she would not be found .
under hypnosis sylvia remembered being adamant in her refusal to join in a game of hide and seek , which would have involved her in hiding in [alone] , cramped and possibly dark surroundings so that she would not be found .

Any intelligent man , once he has been given the opportunity to voice his feelings , will understand just what he has done and be able to see that it makes no sense at all to build upon an isolated failure when he has a lifetime of ‘ successes ’ about which he could think .
any intelligent man , once he has been given the opportunity to voice his feelings , will understand just what he has done and be able to see that it makes no sense at all to build upon an [alone] failure when he has a lifetime of ‘ successes ’ about which he could think .

Elderly people may become socially isolated because of the lessening of family ties , bereavement , physical infirmity , restricted mobility and ever-increasing difficulties of transport .
elderly people may become socially [alone] because of the lessening of family ties , bereavement , physical infirmity , restricted mobility and ever-increasing difficulties of transport .

When there is a face-to-face conversation and a third person joins in , the speechreader , who can not see two people at the same time , tends to become isolated while they chat together .
when there is a face-to-face conversation and a third person joins in , the speechreader , who can not see two people at the same time , tends to become [alone] while they chat together .

This month we feature her recipes from Burgundy , which is renowned for its beef , poultry and wine ; sunny Provence , which boasts a cuisine built around colourful seasonal produce and pungent herbs ; and Auvergne and Limousin , an isolated , unspoilt region of France , famous for its cheeses , hearty meat dishes and the delicate Puy lentil .
this month we feature her recipes from burgundy , which is renowned for its beef , poultry and wine ; sunny provence , which boasts a cuisine built around colourful seasonal produce and pungent herbs ; and auvergne and limousin , an [alone] , unspoilt region of france , famous for its cheeses , hearty meat dishes and the delicate puy lentil .

The church , which was built in the 13th century , stands isolated in a field at the north end of the village , and is dedicated to St Margaret .
the church , which was built in the 13th century , stands [alone] in a field at the north end of the village , and is dedicated to st margaret .

Public transport to Roos is poor : without a private car , residents are as isolated as their forefathers were .
public transport to roos is poor : without a private car , residents are as [alone] as their forefathers were .

Now , for the first time in the history of medical science , a substance has been isolated about which it is possible to say : ‘ If you base your slimming diet on this food you should shed weight more quickly and easily than on a diet based on the same quantity of any other foods . ’
now , for the first time in the history of medical science , a substance has been [alone] about which it is possible to say : ‘ if you base your slimming diet on this food you should shed weight more quickly and easily than on a diet based on the same quantity of any other foods . ’

Females about to release larvae could easily be isolated into a purpose-designed nursery tank , and with good aeration and the proper food , success — according to Warren Zeiller of Miami Seaquarium — is not too difficult .
females about to release larvae could easily be [alone] into a purpose-designed nursery tank , and with good aeration and the proper food , success — according to warren zeiller of miami seaquarium — is not too difficult .

This research is not isolated .
this research is not [alone] .

Aside from her parents , Monika felt isolated .
aside from her parents , monika felt [alone] .

Professionally isolated
professionally [alone]

But , however confident you are after being wooed and won by an overseas recruiter , you may feel isolated and vulnerable once you have signed a contract and find that you are on your own .
but , however confident you are after being wooed and won by an overseas recruiter , you may feel [alone] and vulnerable once you have signed a contract and find that you are on your own .

Similar problems in isolated characters or words are not so easy to read , because there is little or no surrounding context ( Mitchell , 1982 ) .
similar problems in [alone] characters or words are not so easy to read , because there is little or no surrounding context ( mitchell , 1982 ) .

Because of this , successful systems tend to be speaker dependent , allowing only isolated words , and have small vocabularies ( Holmes , 1988 ) .
because of this , successful systems tend to be speaker dependent , allowing only [alone] words , and have small vocabularies ( holmes , 1988 ) .

In collaboration with the Broads Authority , English Nature and the National Rivers Authority , they have isolated Cockshoot Broad from the main river network and pumped out polluted sewage .
in collaboration with the broads authority , english nature and the national rivers authority , they have [alone] cockshoot broad from the main river network and pumped out polluted sewage .

Upton Fen is spring-fed and isolated from the polluted waters of the river system — it is therefore an extremely valuable wildlife site .
upton fen is spring-fed and [alone] from the polluted waters of the river system — it is therefore an extremely valuable wildlife site .

Then on Saturday he waited anxiously with the coach at an isolated spot on the Yugoslav-Austrian border .
then on saturday he waited anxiously with the coach at an [alone] spot on the yugoslav-austrian border .

The six other young patients were clear and were immediately isolated from the infected four .
the six other young patients were clear and were immediately [alone] from the infected four .

Monika was left isolated — yet still trapped within the Church .
monika was left [alone] — yet still trapped within the church .

Mother Valley and daughter Herold share an isolated house , a passion for decadent sex games , and a morbid fascination with a dead woman called Laura .
mother valley and daughter herold share an [alone] house , a passion for decadent sex games , and a morbid fascination with a dead woman called laura .

It can be a pretty creepy place , too , but it 's not as isolated and overgrown as the glen , so at least it 's lighter .
it can be a pretty creepy place , too , but it 's not as [alone] and overgrown as the glen , so at least it 's lighter .

Most cases are isolated incidents and when clusters occur it is usually a particularly virulent strain or involves people who are possibly genetically susceptible .
most cases are [alone] incidents and when clusters occur it is usually a particularly virulent strain or involves people who are possibly genetically susceptible .

Both men had fought a long and isolated battle against the move from London .
both men had fought a long and [alone] battle against the move from london .

( Generally , the latter is only provided in isolated areas , where there are no local properties for rent or purchase . )
( generally , the latter is only provided in [alone] areas , where there are no local properties for rent or purchase . )

For the moment , we would point out that traditional theories of law , such as positivism , are characterised by a lack of concern for such perspectives , tending to regard law as both a static and isolated social phenomenon ; and insofar as they consider political struggle at all , they regard it as merely a struggle for the control of law as an ‘ instrument ’ .
for the moment , we would point out that traditional theories of law , such as positivism , are characterised by a lack of concern for such perspectives , tending to regard law as both a static and [alone] social phenomenon ; and insofar as they consider political struggle at all , they regard it as merely a struggle for the control of law as an ‘ instrument ’ .

Our point is that a popular movement such as the peace movement carries within itself a notion of a just society and that law can not be considered merely as a ‘ tool ’ isolated from broader political and social considerations .
our point is that a popular movement such as the peace movement carries within itself a notion of a just society and that law can not be considered merely as a ‘ tool ’ [alone] from broader political and social considerations .

In particular , by stressing that law must itself contain an element of substantive justice , and that its validity can not be purely formal , such theories clearly show that law can not be isolated from its context .
in particular , by stressing that law must itself contain an element of substantive justice , and that its validity can not be purely formal , such theories clearly show that law can not be [alone] from its context .

Important though these changes in the nature of the tax resistance movement are , however , perhaps it would be a mistake to view them as an isolated phenomenon , and to try to assess their moral and legal implications without also addressing some even more fundamental contemporary political , economic and social developments with which they are closely associated .
important though these changes in the nature of the tax resistance movement are , however , perhaps it would be a mistake to view them as an [alone] phenomenon , and to try to assess their moral and legal implications without also addressing some even more fundamental contemporary political , economic and social developments with which they are closely associated .

He will pause briefly to survey the assembled masses and select a victim — usually a small , isolated Year Niner .
he will pause briefly to survey the assembled masses and select a victim — usually a small , [alone] year niner .

One would think that an old person would have to be living in an isolated cottage , in the heart of the countryside , to be so out of touch with the world ; but sadly we know from the frequent reports in the newspapers that such tragic loneliness can exist right in the heart of our towns and cities , and that the old have sometimes remained undiscovered for weeks and months after they have died in their own homes .
one would think that an old person would have to be living in an [alone] cottage , in the heart of the countryside , to be so out of touch with the world ; but sadly we know from the frequent reports in the newspapers that such tragic loneliness can exist right in the heart of our towns and cities , and that the old have sometimes remained undiscovered for weeks and months after they have died in their own homes .

Bad housing is not an isolated problem , but interconnected with debt , poverty and low incomes .
bad housing is not an [alone] problem , but interconnected with debt , poverty and low incomes .

Marlstone high up on some north-facing slopes , with an isolated stratum of fine calcareous sand up to fifteen metres thick in places .
marlstone high up on some north-facing slopes , with an [alone] stratum of fine calcareous sand up to fifteen metres thick in places .

Considerably lesser wines , however , are made from an isolated plot of vines around the south-western edge of Ambonnay — obviously these vines can not be compared to those situated north of the village .
considerably lesser wines , however , are made from an [alone] plot of vines around the south-western edge of ambonnay — obviously these vines can not be compared to those situated north of the village .

Yersin was one of the workers who isolated the bacillus in 1894 .
yersin was one of the workers who [alone] the bacillus in 1894 .

Whatever was happening at this time , we were all isolated from each other .
whatever was happening at this time , we were all [alone] from each other .

Both were late Victorian , built in solid red brick , both had a strong , curved door under a high , peaked porch , both were isolated , each in its own garden .
both were late victorian , built in solid red brick , both had a strong , curved door under a high , peaked porch , both were [alone] , each in its own garden .

Imagine how they must have felt in St Peter 's Square at the start of their journey — apprehensive , isolated and with no knowledge of either Italian , French or German .
imagine how they must have felt in st peter 's square at the start of their journey — apprehensive , [alone] and with no knowledge of either italian , french or german .

Using practical suggestions for network treatment , it was argued that the Verkehrsberuhigung is not just a treatment of isolated streets but must be area-wide in nature .
using practical suggestions for network treatment , it was argued that the verkehrsberuhigung is not just a treatment of [alone] streets but must be area-wide in nature .

‘ … islands of safety isolated from the rest of the town by rivers of traffic , thus in practice largely accessible only by motorised means .
‘ … islands of safety [alone] from the rest of the town by rivers of traffic , thus in practice largely accessible only by motorised means .

One of the most pervasive characteristics of teaching is that of classroom isolation — the separation of teachers with their classes into a series of egg-crate like compartments , isolated and insulated from one another 's work .
one of the most pervasive characteristics of teaching is that of classroom isolation — the separation of teachers with their classes into a series of egg-crate like compartments , [alone] and insulated from one another 's work .

Where teachers are isolated in this way , working under the weighty pressure of material constraints , and immersed in the practical immediacy of the classroom environment , personal classroom experience becomes increasingly attracted to itself .
where teachers are [alone] in this way , working under the weighty pressure of material constraints , and immersed in the practical immediacy of the classroom environment , personal classroom experience becomes increasingly attracted to itself .

The Sikorsky which had flown Hauser from Helsinki to the isolated rendezvous in the Finnish woods stood inside the clearing , its rotors motionless .
the sikorsky which had flown hauser from helsinki to the [alone] rendezvous in the finnish woods stood inside the clearing , its rotors motionless .

The families represent across-section of cultures , religions , classes , incomes , working parents , occupations and locations , from the wealthy manor house to the high-rise tower block , the inner-city to the isolated farm .
the families represent across-section of cultures , religions , classes , incomes , working parents , occupations and locations , from the wealthy manor house to the high-rise tower block , the inner-city to the [alone] farm .

Global industries , such as securities and commercial banking are using isolated systems less and less , and are instead becoming increasingly dependent on both voice and data networks .
global industries , such as securities and commercial banking are using [alone] systems less and less , and are instead becoming increasingly dependent on both voice and data networks .

Magnetic storms occurring close to solar maximum are often isolated events because the solar disturbances responsible for them are intense but shortlived .
magnetic storms occurring close to solar maximum are often [alone] events because the solar disturbances responsible for them are intense but shortlived .

The England vice-captain afterwards jokingly wore a bandage around his head as England treated the latest missile thrown at them by an Indian crowd as an isolated incident .
the england vice-captain afterwards jokingly wore a bandage around his head as england treated the latest missile thrown at them by an indian crowd as an [alone] incident .

8 : As for high level wastes , no-one has demonstrated ( can they ? ) how these wastes can be safely isolated and guarded for the necessary one million years — a geological time span reaching out to our 40,000th generation …
8 : as for high level wastes , no-one has demonstrated ( can they ? ) how these wastes can be safely [alone] and guarded for the necessary one million years — a geological time span reaching out to our 40,000th generation …

Whilst these problems arise acutely for family carers , who are so often grievously isolated socially , they are also salient to care staff in institutions , especially when staffing levels are inadequate .
whilst these problems arise acutely for family carers , who are so often grievously [alone] socially , they are also salient to care staff in institutions , especially when staffing levels are inadequate .

Yet common observation suggests that some of today 's isolated old people suffer in part from the consequences of those periods of dislocation .
yet common observation suggests that some of today 's [alone] old people suffer in part from the consequences of those periods of dislocation .

Reciprocal care between neighbours grows where information and trust are high and where resources for satisfying needs in other ways are low , in relatively isolated , relatively closed and relatively threatened social milieu with highly homogeneous populations … Traditional informal networks are dying and should be allowed to die .
reciprocal care between neighbours grows where information and trust are high and where resources for satisfying needs in other ways are low , in relatively [alone] , relatively closed and relatively threatened social milieu with highly homogeneous populations … traditional informal networks are dying and should be allowed to die .

But because this group of people is isolated , the routines may assume a particularly tedious , inexorable character .
but because this group of people is [alone] , the routines may assume a particularly tedious , inexorable character .

They may be quite isolated .
they may be quite [alone] .

Detectives also found bales of dried herbal cannabis from a previous crop and believe the isolated spot had been used to produce the drug for up to a decade .
detectives also found bales of dried herbal cannabis from a previous crop and believe the [alone] spot had been used to produce the drug for up to a decade .

It is alleged Casabona , 20 , ambushed the youngster and took her by car to an isolated spot near Woodbridge .
it is alleged casabona , 20 , ambushed the youngster and took her by car to an [alone] spot near woodbridge .

In the final phase , in the seventh century , the settlement moved westwards and consisted of more isolated and separate farmsteads .
in the final phase , in the seventh century , the settlement moved westwards and consisted of more [alone] and separate farmsteads .

Small isolated communities would have been extremely vulnerable if crops failed and , in such circumstances , alliances with neighbouring groups would have assumed great importance when food was required in emergencies .
small [alone] communities would have been extremely vulnerable if crops failed and , in such circumstances , alliances with neighbouring groups would have assumed great importance when food was required in emergencies .

When viewed in terms of the number of beads per capita on a regionalised basis ( Arnold 1980 ) , it appears that in southern England , Kent had a monopoly over the movement of beads , but the large quantity in Kent is an isolated peak when compared to the more general distribution with smaller peaks found elsewhere .
when viewed in terms of the number of beads per capita on a regionalised basis ( arnold 1980 ) , it appears that in southern england , kent had a monopoly over the movement of beads , but the large quantity in kent is an [alone] peak when compared to the more general distribution with smaller peaks found elsewhere .

The principal conclusion of the study was that all three of the series of square-headed brooches which were isolated ( two of silver and one of copper-alloy ) , the majority of keystone garnet inlaid disc brooches , of silver , and at least some of the garnet inlaid buckle plates , some of silver and some of copper alloy , are the products of a single workshop .
the principal conclusion of the study was that all three of the series of square-headed brooches which were [alone] ( two of silver and one of copper-alloy ) , the majority of keystone garnet inlaid disc brooches , of silver , and at least some of the garnet inlaid buckle plates , some of silver and some of copper alloy , are the products of a single workshop .

Although Luke translated the whole time for her , she felt desperately isolated and sick with longing for Ricky .
although luke translated the whole time for her , she felt desperately [alone] and sick with longing for ricky .

The farmers and shepherds in the valleys may seem to have lived an isolated existence , if one thinks of Michael , but the wool from the sheep would be carded and spun in the cottages , and ultimately sent to the towns .
the farmers and shepherds in the valleys may seem to have lived an [alone] existence , if one thinks of michael , but the wool from the sheep would be carded and spun in the cottages , and ultimately sent to the towns .

Inside the ring of mountains Wordsworth was not as isolated from industrial activities as some people like to think : a valley forge , driven by water power , ‘ thumps ’ in the closing lines of An Evening Walk , among other ‘ natural ’ noises of Lakeland midnight — but this may be considered unusual , and the image may in fact be borrowed from Gray .
inside the ring of mountains wordsworth was not as [alone] from industrial activities as some people like to think : a valley forge , driven by water power , ‘ thumps ’ in the closing lines of an evening walk , among other ‘ natural ’ noises of lakeland midnight — but this may be considered unusual , and the image may in fact be borrowed from gray .

If this were an isolated case , it might simply be put down to an individual health authority overreacting to public embarrassment .
if this were an [alone] case , it might simply be put down to an individual health authority overreacting to public embarrassment .

Spain lived through a period of being isolated from Europe and the rest of the world ; González 's biggest card remains the memory of Franco .
spain lived through a period of being [alone] from europe and the rest of the world ; gonzález 's biggest card remains the memory of franco .

Rather than one or two men working at an isolated face , up to fifty men would be involved in winning coal by working at a face up to seventy to ninety metres in width .
rather than one or two men working at an [alone] face , up to fifty men would be involved in winning coal by working at a face up to seventy to ninety metres in width .

In that time they were totally isolated from any contact with their parents , or with anyone else they knew or who cared about them .
in that time they were totally [alone] from any contact with their parents , or with anyone else they knew or who cared about them .

None of these were received by the nine children isolated by the events .
none of these were received by the nine children [alone] by the events .

In the first days she said her one hope was that her children , isolated though they were , could feel ‘ held ’ in the same safe way .
in the first days she said her one hope was that her children , [alone] though they were , could feel ‘ held ’ in the same safe way .

The children were to remain where they were — wherever that was the parents were to remain in ignorance , with the children still isolated .
the children were to remain where they were — wherever that was the parents were to remain in ignorance , with the children still [alone] .

We wound sedately along the narrow , grass-verged roads of ‘ The Oval ’ council estate and glided through the town centre and five miles beyond , before reaching Ringinglow Road — long , isolated and Roman straight — and putting the car through its paces .
we wound sedately along the narrow , grass-verged roads of ‘ the oval ’ council estate and glided through the town centre and five miles beyond , before reaching ringinglow road — long , [alone] and roman straight — and putting the car through its paces .

He wanders lonely valleys and isolated copses , where he plays enticing music on his flute .
he wanders lonely valleys and [alone] copses , where he plays enticing music on his flute .

The opening of the airport has affected tourism in Madeira more than any other single factor and has transported an isolated island directly into the latter half of the twentieth century .
the opening of the airport has affected tourism in madeira more than any other single factor and has transported an [alone] island directly into the latter half of the twentieth century .

Breakaway artistic circles , even when isolated , proved fundamental to change in early 20th-century Austria and Germany .
breakaway artistic circles , even when [alone] , proved fundamental to change in early 20th-century austria and germany .

But then only Showaddywaddy , or perhaps Blondie , or especially Tony Stevens and his band , with their crazy covers of recent chartbusters could convert this isolated Irish apathy into something slightly lively .
but then only showaddywaddy , or perhaps blondie , or especially tony stevens and his band , with their crazy covers of recent chartbusters could convert this [alone] irish apathy into something slightly lively .

It 's a very simple tactic : a gang of at least five or six young , strong , aggressive types select an isolated victim on a platform or in a train carriage , steam into them with fists and feet , rob them and steam away again .
it 's a very simple tactic : a gang of at least five or six young , strong , aggressive types select an [alone] victim on a platform or in a train carriage , steam into them with fists and feet , rob them and steam away again .

They feel that they have transcended the confines of their limited and isolated egos and also feel that they have been somehow absorbed into the ultimate truth and are at one with the world .
they feel that they have transcended the confines of their limited and [alone] egos and also feel that they have been somehow absorbed into the ultimate truth and are at one with the world .

Later Western mystics remained isolated from the mainstream in their cloisters and , though they may have been regarded as saints , they and their particular religious ideals remained a minority form of Western Christianity .
later western mystics remained [alone] from the mainstream in their cloisters and , though they may have been regarded as saints , they and their particular religious ideals remained a minority form of western christianity .

‘ An old family name , ’ he told his wife , though this was not true at all , his uncle 's being thus christened having been an isolated instance of the use of Hilbert .
‘ an old family name , ’ he told his wife , though this was not true at all , his uncle 's being thus christened having been an [alone] instance of the use of hilbert .

That was part of the trouble , that was how it was that events were set in motion . If Wyvis Hall had been less isolated , less silent …
that was part of the trouble , that was how it was that events were set in motion . if wyvis hall had been less [alone] , less silent …

It was autumn , cold and windy , and the building , a former school house miles from the nearest town , seemed , to eight-year-old Neneh , to be isolated , inhospitable , lonely .
it was autumn , cold and windy , and the building , a former school house miles from the nearest town , seemed , to eight-year-old neneh , to be [alone] , inhospitable , lonely .

She had been brought up in the most isolated of spots — although , perhaps , because of its very isolation and Granny Tremayne 's aloofness , she had simply known about , but not exactly experienced , communal village life .
she had been brought up in the most [alone] of spots — although , perhaps , because of its very isolation and granny tremayne 's aloofness , she had simply known about , but not exactly experienced , communal village life .

While waiting for her passengers as they inspected isolated gun-sites on windswept clifftops and rocky promontories , Liza was urged by her passengers to switch on the car engine to keep herself warm , however much she knew this procedure to be frowned upon by her direct superiors at Command Headquarters .
while waiting for her passengers as they inspected [alone] gun-sites on windswept clifftops and rocky promontories , liza was urged by her passengers to switch on the car engine to keep herself warm , however much she knew this procedure to be frowned upon by her direct superiors at command headquarters .

He seemed genuinely concerned that Harriet lived all alone in such an isolated spot .
he seemed genuinely concerned that harriet lived all alone in such an [alone] spot .

Winds of a hundred miles an hour or more roared and whistled round the isolated house on the cliffs , tearing at window catches , rattling doors .
winds of a hundred miles an hour or more roared and whistled round the [alone] house on the cliffs , tearing at window catches , rattling doors .

He was a man who was isolated in his world , to such a degree that his immediate environment probably hardly mattered to him .
he was a man who was [alone] in his world , to such a degree that his immediate environment probably hardly mattered to him .

He listened anxiously because , in such an isolated community , any slur on his wife 's character could have its effect on his business .
he listened anxiously because , in such an [alone] community , any slur on his wife 's character could have its effect on his business .

The top Buckinghamshire man , the prebendary of Buckingham , was an isolated figure , £71 being the second biggest assessment .
the top buckinghamshire man , the prebendary of buckingham , was an [alone] figure , £71 being the second biggest assessment .

The return for North Marston in Buckinghamshire is unique in giving the ‘ addresses ’ of nearly half the absentee landowners ; a few more are supplied in half a dozen other villages there , but in general examples are rare and isolated .
the return for north marston in buckinghamshire is unique in giving the ‘ addresses ’ of nearly half the absentee landowners ; a few more are supplied in half a dozen other villages there , but in general examples are rare and [alone] .

Kidderminster also yields an isolated reference to an obit of 4s .
kidderminster also yields an [alone] reference to an obit of 4s .

Slapton was no isolated case .
slapton was no [alone] case .

Though the two may have isolated similar problems , the political and intellectual context of their work was by no means the same .
though the two may have [alone] similar problems , the political and intellectual context of their work was by no means the same .

At the same time Althusser argued that Sartre had not isolated the central problems of orthodox Marxist theory , and as a result continued to work with some of its more questionable preconceptions .
at the same time althusser argued that sartre had not [alone] the central problems of orthodox marxist theory , and as a result continued to work with some of its more questionable preconceptions .

The old questions of the traditional analysis ( What link should be made between disparate events ? Flow can a causal succession be established between them ? What continuity or overall significance do they possess ? Is it possible to define a totality , or must one be content with reconstituting connections ? ) are now being replaced by questions of another type : which strata should be isolated from others ? What types of series should be established ? What criteria of periodisation should be adopted for each of them ? What system of relations ( hierarchy , dominance , stratification , univocal determination , circular causality ) may be established between them ? What series of series may be established ? And in what large-scale chronological table may distinct series of events be determined ? ( 3 — 4 )
the old questions of the traditional analysis ( what link should be made between disparate events ? flow can a causal succession be established between them ? what continuity or overall significance do they possess ? is it possible to define a totality , or must one be content with reconstituting connections ? ) are now being replaced by questions of another type : which strata should be [alone] from others ? what types of series should be established ? what criteria of periodisation should be adopted for each of them ? what system of relations ( hierarchy , dominance , stratification , univocal determination , circular causality ) may be established between them ? what series of series may be established ? and in what large-scale chronological table may distinct series of events be determined ? ( 3 — 4 )

Young , isolated , immature parents are vulnerable , particularly those who experienced deprivation ( either active or passive ) in their own childhoods .
young , [alone] , immature parents are vulnerable , particularly those who experienced deprivation ( either active or passive ) in their own childhoods .

They were also more isolated under such circumstances , lacking the strong street culture of the ‘ lads ’ .
they were also more [alone] under such circumstances , lacking the strong street culture of the ‘ lads ’ .

Loopholes had already been made in the stone walls of Gemioncourt 's huge barns which , like the buildings of so many of the isolated farms in the low countries , were joined together and protected by a high stone wall , making the whole farm into a massively strong fortress .
loopholes had already been made in the stone walls of gemioncourt 's huge barns which , like the buildings of so many of the [alone] farms in the low countries , were joined together and protected by a high stone wall , making the whole farm into a massively strong fortress .

He appeared to consider her proposals trifling and moreover he had ignored Whitbread 's own orders , and had said that prostitutes should be isolated from other patients .
he appeared to consider her proposals trifling and moreover he had ignored whitbread 's own orders , and had said that prostitutes should be [alone] from other patients .

Dr. Yeats had replied that he had only followed the practice in Edinburgh hospitals , where cases of venereal disease were isolated . )
dr. yeats had replied that he had only followed the practice in edinburgh hospitals , where cases of venereal disease were [alone] . )

The isolated Dwarf mines at Ekrund in the Dragonback Mountains fall to Orcs who rename the place Mount Bloodfang .
the [alone] dwarf mines at ekrund in the dragonback mountains fall to orcs who rename the place mount bloodfang .

Rowbotham ( 1973 ) argues that women 's isolated , unrecognized work makes subjectivity specially important to them .
rowbotham ( 1973 ) argues that women 's [alone] , unrecognized work makes subjectivity specially important to them .

And like conventional psychology , humanist psychology retains an idea of the subject which can be isolated from social considerations for the purposes of creating a truly scientific psychological theory .
and like conventional psychology , humanist psychology retains an idea of the subject which can be [alone] from social considerations for the purposes of creating a truly scientific psychological theory .

The isolated communities of the wooded highlands have been fortified .
the [alone] communities of the wooded highlands have been fortified .

It has attracted the interest of physiological psychologists because it enables them to study the operations of one cerebral hemisphere , isolated from input from the other .
it has attracted the interest of physiological psychologists because it enables them to study the operations of one cerebral hemisphere , [alone] from input from the other .

Politically , it was the master idea of the nineteenth century , drawing on the need of men to feel linked to other men at a time when market society tended to make them feel isolated beings .
politically , it was the master idea of the nineteenth century , drawing on the need of men to feel linked to other men at a time when market society tended to make them feel [alone] beings .

Yet Europe appeared much more stable because Germany 's one likely enemy , France , was more effectively isolated than ever and therefore presented , for the moment , no danger .
yet europe appeared much more stable because germany 's one likely enemy , france , was more effectively [alone] than ever and therefore presented , for the moment , no danger .

There was , therefore , no reason for him to be worried about France , still isolated in the first half of the decade .
there was , therefore , no reason for him to be worried about france , still [alone] in the first half of the decade .

Germany was still in touch with both Russia and Austria-Hungary ; France was still isolated and still embroiled with Great Britain over Egypt .
germany was still in touch with both russia and austria-hungary ; france was still [alone] and still embroiled with great britain over egypt .

And for how long could France be kept isolated ?
and for how long could france be kept [alone] ?

Conscientious but ‘ experimental ’ introduction of Hungarian-style measures , with isolated centres of the economy turned into laboratories of reform ; a limited legalisation of the ‘ second economy ’ on the East European pattern , and greater support for the consumer and for private farmers .
conscientious but ‘ experimental ’ introduction of hungarian-style measures , with [alone] centres of the economy turned into laboratories of reform ; a limited legalisation of the ‘ second economy ’ on the east european pattern , and greater support for the consumer and for private farmers .

There are several images , which are clearly icons , showing isolated pillars with a pair of attendant heraldic beasts .
there are several images , which are clearly icons , showing [alone] pillars with a pair of attendant heraldic beasts .

New strings like this , in a highly salient context , could readily be understood as new messages , of a new level of complexity , by an audience who already grasped the components from their isolated usages in the past .
new strings like this , in a highly salient context , could readily be understood as new messages , of a new level of complexity , by an audience who already grasped the components from their [alone] usages in the past .

Because it always involves raw materials and techniques it is always dependent Upon a context , and is not to be thought of , in humanist vein , as an isolated expression of the essential creativity of human beings .
because it always involves raw materials and techniques it is always dependent upon a context , and is not to be thought of , in humanist vein , as an [alone] expression of the essential creativity of human beings .

Their conditions of work bring people together more than ever before , in factories , offices and towns ; and yet at the same time these people are isolated from one another .
their conditions of work bring people together more than ever before , in factories , offices and towns ; and yet at the same time these people are [alone] from one another .

Although these instances serve to illustrate the character of holist explanation , and to show how it can occur without any individualist counterpart , they may be too isolated to be persuasive .
although these instances serve to illustrate the character of holist explanation , and to show how it can occur without any individualist counterpart , they may be too [alone] to be persuasive .

Substantial cross-migration of terrestrial mammal faunas coincided with mass extinction of the endemic South American mammals which had been isolated by sea through Tertiary times .
substantial cross-migration of terrestrial mammal faunas coincided with mass extinction of the endemic south american mammals which had been [alone] by sea through tertiary times .

In contrast , the Australian marsupial fauna has remained isolated by sea and not until late Tertiary times , when Australia-New Guinea had moved close to the Indonesian islands , was even limited and chance colonisation possible of Asian placentals across small water barriers ( Whitmore , 1981 ) .
in contrast , the australian marsupial fauna has remained [alone] by sea and not until late tertiary times , when australia-new guinea had moved close to the indonesian islands , was even limited and chance colonisation possible of asian placentals across small water barriers ( whitmore , 1981 ) .

For the first time in her life , perhaps , the Astropath had been psychically blind as well as visually so ; utterly isolated .
for the first time in her life , perhaps , the astropath had been psychically blind as well as visually so ; utterly [alone] .

Use this knowledge of God 's care as you spend some moments praying through the issues you have isolated in the points above .
use this knowledge of god 's care as you spend some moments praying through the issues you have [alone] in the points above .

Overlooking the Sheffield–Baslow road and forming a lengthy escarpment of both continues ‘ edge ’ and isolated buttress , Gardom 's is the quiet and peaceful oasis well suited to the seeker of a bit of seclusion .
overlooking the sheffield–baslow road and forming a lengthy escarpment of both continues ‘ edge ’ and [alone] buttress , gardom 's is the quiet and peaceful oasis well suited to the seeker of a bit of seclusion .

Jerry Rawson takes an excursion round some of his favourite hills — isolated gems with a character all their own
jerry rawson takes an excursion round some of his favourite hills — [alone] gems with a character all their own

South-west from Shutlingsloe , across the Dane Valley , is the rocky crest of the Roaches , beyond which stands the isolated , castle-like peak of Hen Cloud .
south-west from shutlingsloe , across the dane valley , is the rocky crest of the roaches , beyond which stands the [alone] , castle-like peak of hen cloud .

Few other British gritstone outcrops can challenge this impressive sentinel , and finishing any of the fine rock climbs here gives the feeling of actually reaching the top of an isolated mountain .
few other british gritstone outcrops can challenge this impressive sentinel , and finishing any of the fine rock climbs here gives the feeling of actually reaching the top of an [alone] mountain .

’ The only thing they seem to have in common is their isolated nature and striking individuality , and they scream out to be included in a list of favourite miniature mountain gems .
’ the only thing they seem to have in common is their [alone] nature and striking individuality , and they scream out to be included in a list of favourite miniature mountain gems .

This personal excursion has been around some favourite isolated hills — there are many others — a few which have given some of my best mountain days .
this personal excursion has been around some favourite [alone] hills — there are many others — a few which have given some of my best mountain days .

Flying low value goods to isolated communities — without the aid of government subsidy — is still the domain of the propliner because it is cheap to run .
flying low value goods to [alone] communities — without the aid of government subsidy — is still the domain of the propliner because it is cheap to run .

These families are characterized as being socio-economically disadvantaged and socially isolated .
these families are characterized as being socio-economically disadvantaged and socially [alone] .

The parent may be depressed and isolated and show little pleasure in interacting with the child .
the parent may be depressed and [alone] and show little pleasure in interacting with the child .

With the water supply to the hot water cylinder isolated and the top 500mm of water from the cylinder drained off , fit the Surrey flange into the top of the cylinder , and reconnect the vent and hot water pipe
with the water supply to the hot water cylinder [alone] and the top 500mm of water from the cylinder drained off , fit the surrey flange into the top of the cylinder , and reconnect the vent and hot water pipe

With the electrical supply isolated , connect the shower through a double-pole ceiling switch
with the electrical supply [alone] , connect the shower through a double-pole ceiling switch

Although this behaviour was widely condemned and probably few , if any , students took part , the nationalistic sentiments and feelings of frustration with the condition of modern China were not isolated phenomena .
although this behaviour was widely condemned and probably few , if any , students took part , the nationalistic sentiments and feelings of frustration with the condition of modern china were not [alone] phenomena .

Such isolated incidents of student unrest rapidly became a mass movement .
such [alone] incidents of student unrest rapidly became a mass movement .

His disappointment was by no means an isolated example .
his disappointment was by no means an [alone] example .

Various isolated examples of unrest acted as reminders to the authorities .
various [alone] examples of unrest acted as reminders to the authorities .

At school it meant he was made to sit isolated in a ‘ naughty chair ’ at the front of the class facing the wall .
at school it meant he was made to sit [alone] in a ‘ naughty chair ’ at the front of the class facing the wall .

You can pick up some waif on the street and with a good director she can be a good actor , because it 's really about isolated moments on film that are edited down .
you can pick up some waif on the street and with a good director she can be a good actor , because it 's really about [alone] moments on film that are edited down .

Working the plain rows teaches you something further about lace knitting , the holes have to be isolated by at least one stitch and one row .
working the plain rows teaches you something further about lace knitting , the holes have to be [alone] by at least one stitch and one row .

the Mannheimian project ) which considered the total structure of knowledge and the American variant which studied isolated fragments available to masses of people , was both in the object of study and the way it would be studied ( Merton 1957 : 441 ) .
the mannheimian project ) which considered the total structure of knowledge and the american variant which studied [alone] fragments available to masses of people , was both in the object of study and the way it would be studied ( merton 1957 : 441 ) .

Critical theory questions not just isolated elements of the society which it takes as its object ; it is the whole historical structure which is being criticized .
critical theory questions not just [alone] elements of the society which it takes as its object ; it is the whole historical structure which is being criticized .

Hexamita is in fact routinely isolated from the intestinal tracts of many species of tropical and coldwater fish including trout and goldfish .
hexamita is in fact routinely [alone] from the intestinal tracts of many species of tropical and coldwater fish including trout and goldfish .

Suspect fish can be isolated and kept under observation for development of symptoms .
suspect fish can be [alone] and kept under observation for development of symptoms .

Wenger ( 1984 , p. 91 ) found that more than half the childless old people in her study of rural Wales saw a relative , a sibling , niece , nephew or cousin at least once a week , though in inner city London there were more isolated old people ( Sinclair et al .
wenger ( 1984 , p. 91 ) found that more than half the childless old people in her study of rural wales saw a relative , a sibling , niece , nephew or cousin at least once a week , though in inner city london there were more [alone] old people ( sinclair et al .

the relatively isolated elderly person with only a moderate degree of dependency , suffering from a non-psychotic psychiatric disorder .
the relatively [alone] elderly person with only a moderate degree of dependency , suffering from a non-psychotic psychiatric disorder .

Behavioural elements can be worked into a task-centred programme , teaching someone who has lived a rather isolated life how to begin to make conversation again .
behavioural elements can be worked into a task-centred programme , teaching someone who has lived a rather [alone] life how to begin to make conversation again .

So they finally ended their lives together at the isolated Cheddar Gorge beauty spot in the Mendip Hills , in Somerset .
so they finally ended their lives together at the [alone] cheddar gorge beauty spot in the mendip hills , in somerset .

Mrs Andrews and the boys were then driven to isolated woods 30 miles away while a frantic Mr Andrews , who was told his sons would be castrated if he failed to co-operate , delivered the ransom .
mrs andrews and the boys were then driven to [alone] woods 30 miles away while a frantic mr andrews , who was told his sons would be castrated if he failed to co-operate , delivered the ransom .

Mrs Andrews and the boys were then driven to isolated woods 30 miles away .
mrs andrews and the boys were then driven to [alone] woods 30 miles away .

Although today these vital units of the railway system are being phased out by the modern fully automated control centres , there still remains the lonely , isolated signal box , often miles from anywhere , that on a dark winter 's night can conjure up strange happenings and instil fear even in the heart of the most level-headed signalman .
although today these vital units of the railway system are being phased out by the modern fully automated control centres , there still remains the lonely , [alone] signal box , often miles from anywhere , that on a dark winter 's night can conjure up strange happenings and instil fear even in the heart of the most level-headed signalman .

‘ He 's rented an old farmhouse right out in the middle of nowhere on the common , beyond your place and even more isolated , believe it or not .
‘ he 's rented an old farmhouse right out in the middle of nowhere on the common , beyond your place and even more [alone] , believe it or not .

She walked on , wondering whose decision it had been to buy a retirement home in such an isolated spot .
she walked on , wondering whose decision it had been to buy a retirement home in such an [alone] spot .

Isolated trees struggled , windswept , for survival .
[alone] trees struggled , windswept , for survival .

Vaguely Meredith was aware that the protesters and the other surrounding crowd members had parted like the waves of the Red Sea , falling back on either side leaving Harriet , Blazer and the protester isolated .
vaguely meredith was aware that the protesters and the other surrounding crowd members had parted like the waves of the red sea , falling back on either side leaving harriet , blazer and the protester [alone] .

It is ‘ hydrogen ’ because there is only one proton and ‘ heavy ’ because it has twice the bulk of the usual variety , and was discovered by Harold Urey in 1931 , a year before Chadwick proved the existence of the isolated neutron .
it is ‘ hydrogen ’ because there is only one proton and ‘ heavy ’ because it has twice the bulk of the usual variety , and was discovered by harold urey in 1931 , a year before chadwick proved the existence of the [alone] neutron .

‘ We 've been isolated for so long and we all thought we were so bloody good but now we have to accept the reality that we are not . ’
‘ we 've been [alone] for so long and we all thought we were so bloody good but now we have to accept the reality that we are not . ’

Later , when distance made such bonds unrealistic in everyday terms , the nuclear family became isolated , friendless , and therefore all the more determined to maintain the former sustaining links by whatever means were available .
later , when distance made such bonds unrealistic in everyday terms , the nuclear family became [alone] , friendless , and therefore all the more determined to maintain the former sustaining links by whatever means were available .

Although the parents are primarily responsible for establishing the norms in such relationships , the eldest child can find that it is she/he who bears most or all of the responsibility because the parents themselves are , like those of many anorexics , either relatively or completely isolated .
although the parents are primarily responsible for establishing the norms in such relationships , the eldest child can find that it is she/he who bears most or all of the responsibility because the parents themselves are , like those of many anorexics , either relatively or completely [alone] .

But even those of us who have never been anorexic and live in the affluent Western world must know , perhaps through some isolated experience of our own or others ' , that non-eating leads to fatigue and thence to depression .
but even those of us who have never been anorexic and live in the affluent western world must know , perhaps through some [alone] experience of our own or others ' , that non-eating leads to fatigue and thence to depression .

While despair means literally the loss of hope , the movements of despair are frantically directed towards hope ; but the hope born of despair may turn to the prescription of the isolated will .
while despair means literally the loss of hope , the movements of despair are frantically directed towards hope ; but the hope born of despair may turn to the prescription of the [alone] will .

These are not isolated cases .
these are not [alone] cases .

Older people are often keen to form groups especially if they are lonely or isolated .
older people are often keen to form groups especially if they are lonely or [alone] .

It can help older people realize that they are not the only ones with problems , a belief which the isolated and depressive nature of personal circumstances can sometimes encourage .
it can help older people realize that they are not the only ones with problems , a belief which the [alone] and depressive nature of personal circumstances can sometimes encourage .

The apparently small and isolated family incidents observed by the family counsellor are often typical examples of family interaction .
the apparently small and [alone] family incidents observed by the family counsellor are often typical examples of family interaction .

One apparently isolated incident can vividly illustrate a more generalized pattern of family life .
one apparently [alone] incident can vividly illustrate a more generalized pattern of family life .

Add to this the pessimism and fear of becoming old , and the result is too often that many older people can become non-participating social individuals , who feel increasingly isolated and cut off from all that is happening around them .
add to this the pessimism and fear of becoming old , and the result is too often that many older people can become non-participating social individuals , who feel increasingly [alone] and cut off from all that is happening around them .

Being sick can bring with it a degree of sympathy and attention that is greatly valued by more isolated individuals , and they may believe that if their health improves they will lose out on the time and attention that is given to them on the basis of their illness .
being sick can bring with it a degree of sympathy and attention that is greatly valued by more [alone] individuals , and they may believe that if their health improves they will lose out on the time and attention that is given to them on the basis of their illness .

As she lay , tense and isolated in her room , Constance longed for her mother to push open the door and come and talk to her , and tell her that her imaginings were all wrong .
as she lay , tense and [alone] in her room , constance longed for her mother to push open the door and come and talk to her , and tell her that her imaginings were all wrong .

She suddenly felt terribly alone and isolated in this remote corner of England .
she suddenly felt terribly alone and [alone] in this remote corner of england .

However , a single molecule of starch , consisting of many glucose units joined together , has the same osmotic effect as a single isolated glucose molecule .
however , a single molecule of starch , consisting of many glucose units joined together , has the same osmotic effect as a single [alone] glucose molecule .

He was trying to pick her up , of course , but any Wren new to the flotilla must expect to be fair game , she acknowledged , especially in a base so isolated , where women were outnumbered by fifty to one .
he was trying to pick her up , of course , but any wren new to the flotilla must expect to be fair game , she acknowledged , especially in a base so [alone] , where women were outnumbered by fifty to one .

Risk involves appearing vulnerable , stupid , isolated .
risk involves appearing vulnerable , stupid , [alone] .

Try and bring in people who are isolated .
try and bring in people who are [alone] .

If nervousness prevents you from participating in events , you may feel isolated and mistrusted by others .
if nervousness prevents you from participating in events , you may feel [alone] and mistrusted by others .

You make decisions in an isolated , ego-gratifying manner .
you make decisions in an [alone] , ego-gratifying manner .

Not since the Crimean War nearly a century earlier , when middle-class radicalism latched on to the opportunities for attacking the aristocratic Establishment in the name of efficient prosecution of the war , had pacifist opinion found itself so isolated in Britain .
not since the crimean war nearly a century earlier , when middle-class radicalism latched on to the opportunities for attacking the aristocratic establishment in the name of efficient prosecution of the war , had pacifist opinion found itself so [alone] in britain .

On the other hand , if they are taken out of the conventional school system they can lose touch with their age group and become socially isolated .
on the other hand , if they are taken out of the conventional school system they can lose touch with their age group and become socially [alone] .

‘ To set up a million dominoes you need a huge hall that has to be totally isolated for more than six weeks , ’ says Peter Matthews .
‘ to set up a million dominoes you need a huge hall that has to be totally [alone] for more than six weeks , ’ says peter matthews .

It was too low-lying for a mobile phone and completely isolated , but the buyers loved it .
it was too low-lying for a mobile phone and completely [alone] , but the buyers loved it .

For the really determined walker there are two Government-run hotels or pousadas in the mountains , which are so isolated there is nothing to do each day but hit the trail .
for the really determined walker there are two government-run hotels or pousadas in the mountains , which are so [alone] there is nothing to do each day but hit the trail .

‘ People in isolated situations worry about burglaries and New Age travellers , but those in cities also feel vulnerable .
‘ people in [alone] situations worry about burglaries and new age travellers , but those in cities also feel vulnerable .

Marjorie is n't entirely isolated from the real world .
marjorie is n't entirely [alone] from the real world .

You 're really alienated , isolated .
you 're really alienated , [alone] .

McDermott said : ‘ That was an isolated and freak incident that had no connection with the team .
mcdermott said : ‘ that was an [alone] and freak incident that had no connection with the team .

The Western mentality — conditioned to regard physical objects as clear-cut and isolated — remains largely unaware that the physical level is only one significant level of reality , obscuring much more than it reveals .
the western mentality — conditioned to regard physical objects as clear-cut and [alone] — remains largely unaware that the physical level is only one significant level of reality , obscuring much more than it reveals .

The energy is observable in several ways — as isolated pulsating points , as an aura surrounding a body , as a flame , as a tenuous web , or as a spiral .
the energy is observable in several ways — as [alone] pulsating points , as an aura surrounding a body , as a flame , as a tenuous web , or as a spiral .

All this means that individuals find it more difficult to give meaning to their lives and become isolated units , without a mutual interdependence with objects in their human environment .
all this means that individuals find it more difficult to give meaning to their lives and become [alone] units , without a mutual interdependence with objects in their human environment .

Although an accident caused one isolated abandonment before the scheduled date of commencement ( damage to Battersea Bridge ) , the first official stage of abandonment occurred on the night of Saturday 30 September 1950 and affected the Wandsworth and Battersea areas .
although an accident caused one [alone] abandonment before the scheduled date of commencement ( damage to battersea bridge ) , the first official stage of abandonment occurred on the night of saturday 30 september 1950 and affected the wandsworth and battersea areas .

The two women were staying at the Baya Camp at Lake Sibaya , an isolated settlement popular with tourists seeking to experience the African bush in the wild .
the two women were staying at the baya camp at lake sibaya , an [alone] settlement popular with tourists seeking to experience the african bush in the wild .

Tests last night confirmed the blood matched that of the two women , hacked to death at an isolated beach next to the Indian Ocean .
tests last night confirmed the blood matched that of the two women , hacked to death at an [alone] beach next to the indian ocean .

St. Thomas 's isolated position , well outside the medieval town wall , is explained by the bull 's horn and St. Martin 's Church forms the front leg of the running bull — the medieval guild of that church being responsible for providing the bull for the bull-running festival .
st. thomas 's [alone] position , well outside the medieval town wall , is explained by the bull 's horn and st. martin 's church forms the front leg of the running bull — the medieval guild of that church being responsible for providing the bull for the bull-running festival .

He must not get isolated .
he must not get [alone] .

Time had passed by this isolated district , with its peat bogs , and rain , its crudely thatched huts , the roofs nearly touching the ground , as dismal inside as stables — though sometimes the gloom would seem almost beautiful — and shared by people and beasts alike .
time had passed by this [alone] district , with its peat bogs , and rain , its crudely thatched huts , the roofs nearly touching the ground , as dismal inside as stables — though sometimes the gloom would seem almost beautiful — and shared by people and beasts alike .

In the high downland north-west of Chichester , the four neighbouring villages of Up Marden , North Marden , East Marden and West Marden effectively lost the first two communities , whose small thirteenth-century churches now stand magnificently isolated .
in the high downland north-west of chichester , the four neighbouring villages of up marden , north marden , east marden and west marden effectively lost the first two communities , whose small thirteenth-century churches now stand magnificently [alone] .

But such was the strength of their local authority that most of the larger Catholic households were able to maintain their liturgical tradition , although in a way that was increasingly isolated from the mainstream of local life .
but such was the strength of their local authority that most of the larger catholic households were able to maintain their liturgical tradition , although in a way that was increasingly [alone] from the mainstream of local life .

The earliest and most disastrous of these emulations took place in the isolated village of Bognor .
the earliest and most disastrous of these emulations took place in the [alone] village of bognor .

This weekend that fear will be realised as she finds herself isolated from the boys who , as she has so often pointed out , mean everything to her .
this weekend that fear will be realised as she finds herself [alone] from the boys who , as she has so often pointed out , mean everything to her .

Isolated from her sons , Diana had been expecting a visit from Gilbey at Althorp House where she had been staying with her brother , Charles .
[alone] from her sons , diana had been expecting a visit from gilbey at althorp house where she had been staying with her brother , charles .

Yesterday Johanna 's ex-boyfriend Ryan Firman , 17 , visited the isolated lovers ' lane where her body was found on Boxing Day .
yesterday johanna 's ex-boyfriend ryan firman , 17 , visited the [alone] lovers ' lane where her body was found on boxing day .

In a letter to his congregation he said : ‘ It may be that we have no influence on those who plan and carry out murders in both parts of our community , but we can all help create a climate of opinion where they will be increasingly isolated and disowned . ’
in a letter to his congregation he said : ‘ it may be that we have no influence on those who plan and carry out murders in both parts of our community , but we can all help create a climate of opinion where they will be increasingly [alone] and disowned . ’

Again , traditional teaching has tended to dissociate grammar from context and to deal in isolated sentences .
again , traditional teaching has tended to dissociate grammar from context and to deal in [alone] sentences .

They did not think they were alone in feeling isolated in the business world , but when they sent out invitations to the inaugural meeting on 14 July , with an explanation of what they were trying to achieve , they were staggered by the response .
they did not think they were alone in feeling [alone] in the business world , but when they sent out invitations to the inaugural meeting on 14 july , with an explanation of what they were trying to achieve , they were staggered by the response .

Elderly people isolated
elderly people [alone]

Our local starling population is a race apart in that they are non-migratory and have been isolated in the islands for long enough to have developed their own characteristics .
our local starling population is a race apart in that they are non-migratory and have been [alone] in the islands for long enough to have developed their own characteristics .

Checking out Litla Skerry and the Vongs ( fangs ) — two isolated groups of rocks west of Out Skerries , where small groups of eider had been known to shelter — without finding any eider , we then went north around the main island , getting occasional glimpses of houses through the narrow entrances to the harbour .
checking out litla skerry and the vongs ( fangs ) — two [alone] groups of rocks west of out skerries , where small groups of eider had been known to shelter — without finding any eider , we then went north around the main island , getting occasional glimpses of houses through the narrow entrances to the harbour .

Using peptide sequence information derived from purified bovine glial growth factors , we have isolated several clones that encode Schwann cell mitogenic activities .
using peptide sequence information derived from purified bovine glial growth factors , we have [alone] several clones that encode schwann cell mitogenic activities .

Through homology to Drosophila paired box-containing segmentation genes , at least eight members of the vertebrate Pax gene family have been isolated .
through homology to drosophila paired box-containing segmentation genes , at least eight members of the vertebrate pax gene family have been [alone] .

Both phenomena could , however , be results of the same underlying mechanism : a circumferential tension in the free edge of the epithelium , acting like a purse string , could drive in the one case the contraction of the isolated patch of skin , in the other case the closure of a wound .
both phenomena could , however , be results of the same underlying mechanism : a circumferential tension in the free edge of the epithelium , acting like a purse string , could drive in the one case the contraction of the [alone] patch of skin , in the other case the closure of a wound .

If we include all records ( from intact patches and from isolated receptors ) the corresponding ratios are 256:289:12 ( 46 % , 52 % , 2 % ) .
if we include all records ( from intact patches and from [alone] receptors ) the corresponding ratios are 256:289:12 ( 46 % , 52 % , 2 % ) .

Kenyapithecus is known from middle Miocene sites such as Fort Ternan ( see above ) , about 14Myr , but the rest of the fossil record is restricted to a small number of indeterminate isolated teeth and fragmentary hominine jaws ( see below ) .
kenyapithecus is known from middle miocene sites such as fort ternan ( see above ) , about 14myr , but the rest of the fossil record is restricted to a small number of indeterminate [alone] teeth and fragmentary hominine jaws ( see below ) .

Thelodonts are usually represented in the fossil record as isolated scales which , because of their abundance , are useful for stratigraphic correlation .
thelodonts are usually represented in the fossil record as [alone] scales which , because of their abundance , are useful for stratigraphic correlation .

The thelodonts ( Thelodontida ) are poorly known , usually found as minute isolated scales .
the thelodonts ( thelodontida ) are poorly known , usually found as minute [alone] scales .

Although the number of genes that encode intracellular protein tyrosine-kinases in the human genome may be quite large , relatively few have been isolated , and the protein products of even fewer have been analysed .
although the number of genes that encode intracellular protein tyrosine-kinases in the human genome may be quite large , relatively few have been [alone] , and the protein products of even fewer have been analysed .

Even the Serbs of Serbia claim to be behind it and are willing , they say , to see the Bosnian Serbs isolated .
even the serbs of serbia claim to be behind it and are willing , they say , to see the bosnian serbs [alone] .

Here , according to Mr Kaplan , ‘ men have been isolated by poverty and ethnic rivalry , dooming them to hate ’ , and ‘ politics has been reduced to a level of near-anarchy .
here , according to mr kaplan , ‘ men have been [alone] by poverty and ethnic rivalry , dooming them to hate ’ , and ‘ politics has been reduced to a level of near-anarchy .

The Muslim one would be shrunken and isolated .
the muslim one would be shrunken and [alone] .

The trouble is that , since those days , the West has moved steadily westward , and has left Greece isolated at the bottom right-hand corner of Europe .
the trouble is that , since those days , the west has moved steadily westward , and has left greece [alone] at the bottom right-hand corner of europe .

This did not at first include the canon of the Mass , but the momentum of change was such in the early post-conciliar period — moreover , the absurdity of retaining an isolated island of Latin was so obvious — that this quickly followed .
this did not at first include the canon of the mass , but the momentum of change was such in the early post-conciliar period — moreover , the absurdity of retaining an [alone] island of latin was so obvious — that this quickly followed .

Mrs Peters is no isolated case .
mrs peters is no [alone] case .

Entire focus on the second person is elsewhere a mark of affection and respect : now it throws a spotlight on the Friend 's degradation , isolated so that we can ‘ mark ’ it better .
entire focus on the second person is elsewhere a mark of affection and respect : now it throws a spotlight on the friend 's degradation , [alone] so that we can ‘ mark ’ it better .

The leaders of Kosovo 's Albanians , Ibrahim Rugova and Bujar Bukoshi , are moderate men who are starting to look isolated .
the leaders of kosovo 's albanians , ibrahim rugova and bujar bukoshi , are moderate men who are starting to look [alone] .

Provost John Cunningham admitted that Main had not possessed a commission as watchman and was indeed an extraordinary officer employed only when there was work for him to perform , but there seems little reason to doubt that Main 's removal was intended to serve the political interest of the Haldanes , for his removal was not an isolated case , and , moreover , when the Hamilton salt works resumed operations the excise supervisors did not in fact restore Main to his old post , but appointed an individual named Curinan to the vacancy .
provost john cunningham admitted that main had not possessed a commission as watchman and was indeed an extraordinary officer employed only when there was work for him to perform , but there seems little reason to doubt that main 's removal was intended to serve the political interest of the haldanes , for his removal was not an [alone] case , and , moreover , when the hamilton salt works resumed operations the excise supervisors did not in fact restore main to his old post , but appointed an individual named curinan to the vacancy .

The young corporal , it should perhaps be pointed out , was also a Grant , but indeed with the recommendation of his own officers he was to a great degree responsible for his own advancement to commissioned rank , and this kind of promotion for gallantry was by no means an isolated example , for a considerable number of non-commissioned officers of suitable education , many of them Scots , reached the junior commissioned ranks .
the young corporal , it should perhaps be pointed out , was also a grant , but indeed with the recommendation of his own officers he was to a great degree responsible for his own advancement to commissioned rank , and this kind of promotion for gallantry was by no means an [alone] example , for a considerable number of non-commissioned officers of suitable education , many of them scots , reached the junior commissioned ranks .

Second , they often live some distance from the black communities and so their black children tend to be socially isolated from immediate relatives and from other black people .
second , they often live some distance from the black communities and so their black children tend to be socially [alone] from immediate relatives and from other black people .

There are several black children who have grown up in children 's homes with purely white staff , and others who have been placed with white families who are isolated geographically and have no contact with black people ( Gill and Jackson , 1983 , p. 134 ) .
there are several black children who have grown up in children 's homes with purely white staff , and others who have been placed with white families who are [alone] geographically and have no contact with black people ( gill and jackson , 1983 , p. 134 ) .

They can no longer live as a middle-class white family geographically isolated and alienated from other black people .
they can no longer live as a middle-class white family geographically [alone] and alienated from other black people .

Mrs Whitehouse consequently felt particularly isolated :
mrs whitehouse consequently felt particularly [alone] :

Even in Cuba , long isolated from its neighbours , a prostrate economy has led the government to reconsider the dominant role of the state .
even in cuba , long [alone] from its neighbours , a prostrate economy has led the government to reconsider the dominant role of the state .

Colombia used to hide isolated behind high tariffs ; a former president compared his country to Tibet .
colombia used to hide [alone] behind high tariffs ; a former president compared his country to tibet .

If people can not speak openly to others about their errors and anxieties , it is easy to feel more and more isolated and inadequate .
if people can not speak openly to others about their errors and anxieties , it is easy to feel more and more [alone] and inadequate .

Teacher support groups are increasingly being set up to provide the opportunity for greater honesty , and it can be less threatening for people who feel isolated to join one of these than it is to make individual overtures within their own staffroom .
teacher support groups are increasingly being set up to provide the opportunity for greater honesty , and it can be less threatening for people who feel [alone] to join one of these than it is to make individual overtures within their own staffroom .

‘ You 're quite isolated , too .
‘ you 're quite [alone] , too .

At least now he 's surrounded by people who encourage and inspire him , who kick his arse , help him write songs and drag him out of the isolated , uncreative lethargy he easily slips into .
at least now he 's surrounded by people who encourage and inspire him , who kick his arse , help him write songs and drag him out of the [alone] , uncreative lethargy he easily slips into .

These isolated elephant communities are known as ‘ pocketed herds ’ .
these [alone] elephant communities are known as ‘ pocketed herds ’ .

The jungle in which they are isolated provides them with shelter but can not possibly offer them enough food .
the jungle in which they are [alone] provides them with shelter but can not possibly offer them enough food .

The reason is that the Mentawi islands have been isolated from Sumatra for between 50,000 and one million years .
the reason is that the mentawi islands have been [alone] from sumatra for between 50,000 and one million years .

Falling sea levels periodically gave mainland species , isolated on islands for thousands of years , the opportunity to join up again .
falling sea levels periodically gave mainland species , [alone] on islands for thousands of years , the opportunity to join up again .

Before the land bridge to North America emerged above the waters once again they had been isolated long enough to evolve as New World monkeys whose modern descendants walk on all fours and many of whom have prehensile tails .
before the land bridge to north america emerged above the waters once again they had been [alone] long enough to evolve as new world monkeys whose modern descendants walk on all fours and many of whom have prehensile tails .

But by now the rising waters had isolated them on the islands of Borneo , Sumatra and Java .
but by now the rising waters had [alone] them on the islands of borneo , sumatra and java .

Sulawesi and the rest of the Wallacean region have been isolated for at least several hundred thousand years .
sulawesi and the rest of the wallacean region have been [alone] for at least several hundred thousand years .

‘ In America , it 's so easy to feel alienated and isolated 'cos you 're poor .
‘ in america , it 's so easy to feel alienated and [alone] 'cos you 're poor .

Isolated successes since then do not constitute a recovery .
[alone] successes since then do not constitute a recovery .

The enthusiasm aroused in the other four members by the time of the Hague Congress was one indication that Britain was in danger of becoming rather isolated .
the enthusiasm aroused in the other four members by the time of the hague congress was one indication that britain was in danger of becoming rather [alone] .

Before the Norseman , Red Lake was an isolated mining community .
before the norseman , red lake was an [alone] mining community .

Only a few , isolated bursts of flak were seen and no enemy fighters were encountered .
only a few , [alone] bursts of flak were seen and no enemy fighters were encountered .

Significantly then , apart from isolated evidence of attempted antislavery pledging in 1792 in the middle of a parliament , it did not become a systematic technique of abolitionists until the culmination of the emancipation campaign in the early 1830s when parliamentary reform politics also triumphed .
significantly then , apart from [alone] evidence of attempted antislavery pledging in 1792 in the middle of a parliament , it did not become a systematic technique of abolitionists until the culmination of the emancipation campaign in the early 1830s when parliamentary reform politics also triumphed .

While the progress towards the reunion of separated churches has been much slower than many had hoped , the last sixty years have seen dialogue and joint action at many levels , from the local to the international , between Christian communities which had for long centuries been very largely isolated from each other .
while the progress towards the reunion of separated churches has been much slower than many had hoped , the last sixty years have seen dialogue and joint action at many levels , from the local to the international , between christian communities which had for long centuries been very largely [alone] from each other .

To James Agate he belonged ‘ to humanity : he is one of us ’ , he is still ‘ a chap ’ , whilst to William Hunter he represented a universal type — ‘ the downtrodden vagabond isolated and alone ’ .
to james agate he belonged ‘ to humanity : he is one of us ’ , he is still ‘ a chap ’ , whilst to william hunter he represented a universal type — ‘ the downtrodden vagabond [alone] and alone ’ .

In opposition , and to some extent isolated at a time of political consensus , Conservative educators like Professor Brian Cox and Dr Rhodes Boyson attracted considerable press attention through the publication of a series of ‘ Black Papers on Education ’ .
in opposition , and to some extent [alone] at a time of political consensus , conservative educators like professor brian cox and dr rhodes boyson attracted considerable press attention through the publication of a series of ‘ black papers on education ’ .

Small isolated communities did not produce sufficient children to fill village schools with easily ordered year groups .
small [alone] communities did not produce sufficient children to fill village schools with easily ordered year groups .

Nevertheless , once a school opens its gates to a broader public than the one it has been designed to serve , its staff can no longer work in an educational laager , isolated from the outside world .
nevertheless , once a school opens its gates to a broader public than the one it has been designed to serve , its staff can no longer work in an educational laager , [alone] from the outside world .

Parents , often isolated and often with a view of children based only upon their experience of their own offspring , began to be able to set their child and his/her behaviour within a much broader context .
parents , often [alone] and often with a view of children based only upon their experience of their own offspring , began to be able to set their child and his/her behaviour within a much broader context .

Design is never an isolated logical process .
design is never an [alone] logical process .

Regarded in systems terms , programmed instruction can not be an isolated continuously developing activity because it depends on the skills of the programme writer and these skills can only be developed on the basis of experience in the classroom .
regarded in systems terms , programmed instruction can not be an [alone] continuously developing activity because it depends on the skills of the programme writer and these skills can only be developed on the basis of experience in the classroom .

The development of micro-computers resulted in the use of more isolated dedicated systems for just one trainee .
the development of micro-computers resulted in the use of more [alone] dedicated systems for just one trainee .

It is important , as Christians , to link modernisms with our lifestyles and economic systems , because the crisis of modernity is not just an isolated problem of wrong philosophies or false doctrines , it is also a crisis of wrongdoing and crass social values .
it is important , as christians , to link modernisms with our lifestyles and economic systems , because the crisis of modernity is not just an [alone] problem of wrong philosophies or false doctrines , it is also a crisis of wrongdoing and crass social values .

Furthermore , women are not as isolated from each other as they are in the world of the 1980s .
furthermore , women are not as [alone] from each other as they are in the world of the 1980s .

, and on isolated features of surface structure ( punctuation , the apostrophe , spelling of individual words , etc . )
, and on [alone] features of surface structure ( punctuation , the apostrophe , spelling of individual words , etc . )

it is easier to give relevant , but isolated , examples than to give more systematic and sustained descriptions and analyses ; and description is easier than discussing the principles underlying the examples .
it is easier to give relevant , but [alone] , examples than to give more systematic and sustained descriptions and analyses ; and description is easier than discussing the principles underlying the examples .

The following account shows the enormous developments in church life in Albania , once a declared atheistic state and the most isolated country in Europe . ’
the following account shows the enormous developments in church life in albania , once a declared atheistic state and the most [alone] country in europe . ’

They have intimate experience of what it means to be rejected , forgotten , isolated .
they have intimate experience of what it means to be rejected , forgotten , [alone] .

How can we support black individuals who feel powerless and isolated ? How can we increase the awareness of self-worth of our black children . Where are the black role models for them to follow ?
how can we support black individuals who feel powerless and [alone] ? how can we increase the awareness of self-worth of our black children . where are the black role models for them to follow ?

The obvious isolated pillar of rock is the Trinnacle , its tantalising prongs acting like a magnet for scramblers — and persuasive photographers !
the obvious [alone] pillar of rock is the trinnacle , its tantalising prongs acting like a magnet for scramblers — and persuasive photographers !

Before they reached this happy state , however , they were to carry through several operations and long hours of dangerous training from their base at the Hayling Island Sailing Club on an isolated spit of land called Sandy Point on Hayling Island ( near Portsmouth , Hampshire ) .
before they reached this happy state , however , they were to carry through several operations and long hours of dangerous training from their base at the hayling island sailing club on an [alone] spit of land called sandy point on hayling island ( near portsmouth , hampshire ) .

Most run-down inner city churches need more than an isolated minister , however devoted , to get things running again .
most run-down inner city churches need more than an [alone] minister , however devoted , to get things running again .

It can also be a sign of darker moods and feelings surfacing , the need to be angry , defiant , or isolated .
it can also be a sign of darker moods and feelings surfacing , the need to be angry , defiant , or [alone] .

As industrialisation reached maturity the previously isolated settlements expanded and merged , and communications improved , but the social topography of the nineteenth century remained .
as industrialisation reached maturity the previously [alone] settlements expanded and merged , and communications improved , but the social topography of the nineteenth century remained .

Reductions in wages and employment had provoked acts ranging from isolated arson and cattle maiming to collective wage riots .
reductions in wages and employment had provoked acts ranging from [alone] arson and cattle maiming to collective wage riots .

Seated together on a bench seat by a warm hearth , it seemed to Joan that they were isolated from the intrigue and controversy that were presently raging around the royal family .
seated together on a bench seat by a warm hearth , it seemed to joan that they were [alone] from the intrigue and controversy that were presently raging around the royal family .

Lastly , there are a number of isolated sub-categories of social classes with distinct corporate interests which can be critical in particular circumstances .
lastly , there are a number of [alone] sub-categories of social classes with distinct corporate interests which can be critical in particular circumstances .

He argues that the traditional forms of representative government , which effectively excluded the popular masses or isolated and controlled them through local notables , is ‘ no longer an adequate instrument ’ .
he argues that the traditional forms of representative government , which effectively excluded the popular masses or [alone] and controlled them through local notables , is ‘ no longer an adequate instrument ’ .

Indeed , apart from a few regionally isolated areas like the north-west of England before 1934 and the East End of London after 1935 , fascism was not of major political significance .
indeed , apart from a few regionally [alone] areas like the north-west of england before 1934 and the east end of london after 1935 , fascism was not of major political significance .

The radicals , such as Harold Macmillan in the Conservative party , the Independent Labour Party group and maverick individuals like Mosley and Ernest Bevin in the Labour movement , were effectively isolated and had little impact on policy .
the radicals , such as harold macmillan in the conservative party , the independent labour party group and maverick individuals like mosley and ernest bevin in the labour movement , were effectively [alone] and had little impact on policy .

No geneticist has yet isolated a Jewish gene or a British gene transmitting specific cultural attributes .
no geneticist has yet [alone] a jewish gene or a british gene transmitting specific cultural attributes .

Tylor had thus isolated three separate customary practices and elegantly demonstrated that they formed a mutually associated complex , each element varying with the others .
tylor had thus [alone] three separate customary practices and elegantly demonstrated that they formed a mutually associated complex , each element varying with the others .

Despite the higher standard of living they were offering most of their inhabitants , they were economically a little too isolated to attract much attention .
despite the higher standard of living they were offering most of their inhabitants , they were economically a little too [alone] to attract much attention .

They were several weeks journey from London , but towns like Liverpool or York were several days journey from London , so that the colonists might feel distant but not uniquely isolated from the metropolis , and had closer ties with it than many parts of the English countryside .
they were several weeks journey from london , but towns like liverpool or york were several days journey from london , so that the colonists might feel distant but not uniquely [alone] from the metropolis , and had closer ties with it than many parts of the english countryside .

They were no longer so ready to see themselves as isolated settlements on the sea coast , unrelated to each other and uninterested in the interior .
they were no longer so ready to see themselves as [alone] settlements on the sea coast , unrelated to each other and uninterested in the interior .

But cabinet pressure left him almost isolated and in 1761 he resigned .
but cabinet pressure left him almost [alone] and in 1761 he resigned .

Born in an isolated area of Manitoba , Mr McKay , from the Cree tribe , was elected six years after the United Church formally apologised to native people for years of injustice on the part of the Church .
born in an [alone] area of manitoba , mr mckay , from the cree tribe , was elected six years after the united church formally apologised to native people for years of injustice on the part of the church .

Born in an isolated area of Manitoba , Mr McKay , from the Cree tribe , was elected six years after the United Church formally apologised to native people for years of injustice on the part of the Church .
born in an [alone] area of manitoba , mr mckay , from the cree tribe , was elected six years after the united church formally apologised to native people for years of injustice on the part of the church .

Most of the victims have come from towns and isolated peasant communities in remote rural areas .
most of the victims have come from towns and [alone] peasant communities in remote rural areas .

The sixty-seven ruins on the Plain of Barsoom commonly called ‘ temples ’ may have been just that ; or equally well may have been army barracks , isolated quarters for the mentally disturbed or victims of plague , or holiday camps for Martian urbanites .
the sixty-seven ruins on the plain of barsoom commonly called ‘ temples ’ may have been just that ; or equally well may have been army barracks , [alone] quarters for the mentally disturbed or victims of plague , or holiday camps for martian urbanites .

’ and makes the pertinent point that ‘ the problem is not the quality we have isolated , e.g .
’ and makes the pertinent point that ‘ the problem is not the quality we have [alone] , e.g .

Acts like eating , sexual intercourse , and fighting are embedded in a socially shared set of associated symbols , and they can not be isolated from this semantic setting .
acts like eating , sexual intercourse , and fighting are embedded in a socially shared set of associated symbols , and they can not be [alone] from this semantic setting .

Here two main theoretical strands can be isolated .
here two main theoretical strands can be [alone] .

My point is simply that once an ‘ emic ’ definition is attempted , we must go beyond looking for an ‘ essential ’ definition of an isolated concept , and discuss the whole structure of moral categories .
my point is simply that once an ‘ emic ’ definition is attempted , we must go beyond looking for an ‘ essential ’ definition of an [alone] concept , and discuss the whole structure of moral categories .

What is more , the same conduct may be subjected to a series of different interpretations as subsequent events show it to be part of a pattern of conduct or as an isolated instance , as implicating a wider or narrower range of social relationships , and so on .
what is more , the same conduct may be subjected to a series of different interpretations as subsequent events show it to be part of a pattern of conduct or as an [alone] instance , as implicating a wider or narrower range of social relationships , and so on .

Conflict is dealt with through simple avoidance — Buid traditionally lived in isolated family homesteads — or through the submission of a dispute to a formal tultulan , ‘ collective discussion ’ , in which a sum of compensation is mutually agreed and paid .
conflict is dealt with through simple avoidance — buid traditionally lived in [alone] family homesteads — or through the submission of a dispute to a formal tultulan , ‘ collective discussion ’ , in which a sum of compensation is mutually agreed and paid .

The view is stunning , a prospect of water rather than land , with lochs in profusion and the sea beyond ; and strange isolated peaks fill the landward horizon .
the view is stunning , a prospect of water rather than land , with lochs in profusion and the sea beyond ; and strange [alone] peaks fill the landward horizon .

There are signs of civilisation along here , with a scattering of crofts and farmsteads , and a narrow road branches off to the isolated community of Badluarach , a lonely outpost at the entrance to Little Loch Broom .
there are signs of civilisation along here , with a scattering of crofts and farmsteads , and a narrow road branches off to the [alone] community of badluarach , a lonely outpost at the entrance to little loch broom .

The people of Wester Ross depend greatly on the trains for travel and supplies , and would be even more isolated without them ; moreover , the railway proves a most enjoyable crossing of the Highlands scenically and is very popular with visitors .
the people of wester ross depend greatly on the trains for travel and supplies , and would be even more [alone] without them ; moreover , the railway proves a most enjoyable crossing of the highlands scenically and is very popular with visitors .

Tomdoun , once a staging post on the road to the Isles but cruelly bypassed by the new road , is the last outpost , the road continuing and coming alongside the enlarged Loch Quoich where an isolated clump of rhododendrons is all that remains of Glenquoich Lodge .
tomdoun , once a staging post on the road to the isles but cruelly bypassed by the new road , is the last outpost , the road continuing and coming alongside the enlarged loch quoich where an [alone] clump of rhododendrons is all that remains of glenquoich lodge .

This is a lonely and inhospitable region of rough sheep pastures , tamed only by the public road and the scraping of the earth around a few isolated crofts .
this is a lonely and inhospitable region of rough sheep pastures , tamed only by the public road and the scraping of the earth around a few [alone] crofts .

Although having a population of less than a thousand , public street lighting , bus depots and council housing estates give the town an urban character and its isolated situation at the head of the loch adds a feeling of insularity .
although having a population of less than a thousand , public street lighting , bus depots and council housing estates give the town an urban character and its [alone] situation at the head of the loch adds a feeling of insularity .

Between April and September 1937 the rest of the isolated north coast — the Basque province of Vizcaya , Santander and Asturias — fell to the Nationalists .
between april and september 1937 the rest of the [alone] north coast — the basque province of vizcaya , santander and asturias — fell to the nationalists .

Cartographic logic suggests it was in fact an isolated hill that stands above the headwaters of the Rio Congo — an unspectacular 1,800 ft-high hillock , somewhat denuded of trees , a short distance away from a rudimentary track ( made by wild pigs , or cattle , or perhaps by people long ago ) which can still be discerned in the jungle .
cartographic logic suggests it was in fact an [alone] hill that stands above the headwaters of the rio congo — an unspectacular 1,800 ft-high hillock , somewhat denuded of trees , a short distance away from a rudimentary track ( made by wild pigs , or cattle , or perhaps by people long ago ) which can still be discerned in the jungle .

Unlike Trazior , some of the mountainous stalagmitic hives of Necromunda were wholly disconnected from any neighbour , isolated across immense metallic dunes of glittering despair , across seas of eerie chemical sludge .
unlike trazior , some of the mountainous stalagmitic hives of necromunda were wholly disconnected from any neighbour , [alone] across immense metallic dunes of glittering despair , across seas of eerie chemical sludge .

As Lexandro looked through a quatrefoil window in the observatorium of the corvette , what he saw ahead , moving seemingly slowly across the void-gulf far from any suns , more isolated than loneliness itself , was a great glittering leviathan that seemed carved intricately of ice , with fins and ribbed wings and soaring towers whose pinnacles were linked by flying buttresses .
as lexandro looked through a quatrefoil window in the observatorium of the corvette , what he saw ahead , moving seemingly slowly across the void-gulf far from any suns , more [alone] than loneliness itself , was a great glittering leviathan that seemed carved intricately of ice , with fins and ribbed wings and soaring towers whose pinnacles were linked by flying buttresses .

The idea is that quarks come in three colors — red , green , and blue — ; but that any isolated bound state , such as a hadron , has to be colorless , either a combination of red , green , and blue like the proton , or a mixture of red and antired , green and antigreen , and blue and antiblue , like the pi meson .
the idea is that quarks come in three colors — red , green , and blue — ; but that any [alone] bound state , such as a hadron , has to be colorless , either a combination of red , green , and blue like the proton , or a mixture of red and antired , green and antigreen , and blue and antiblue , like the pi meson .

Both Mrs Smith and Mrs Jones complain of feeling unsupported and isolated , and stagger from crisis to crisis without knowing who to turn to .
both mrs smith and mrs jones complain of feeling unsupported and [alone] , and stagger from crisis to crisis without knowing who to turn to .

People who live alone , especially when they suffer from a serious disability , are particularly at risk of becoming isolated and friendless , and people with long-term mental disorder are often desperately lonely and socially isolated .
people who live alone , especially when they suffer from a serious disability , are particularly at risk of becoming [alone] and friendless , and people with long-term mental disorder are often desperately lonely and socially [alone] .

These can help patients with more serious crises and also meet the needs of the withdrawn , isolated or suspicious person who will not readily attend an outpatient clinic .
these can help patients with more serious crises and also meet the needs of the withdrawn , [alone] or suspicious person who will not readily attend an outpatient clinic .

The grass waved in the morning breeze , the yellow frames of landing lights rising from it at intervals like isolated rigs in a weed-choked sea .
the grass waved in the morning breeze , the yellow frames of landing lights rising from it at intervals like [alone] rigs in a weed-choked sea .

For a country of its size and population , the Soviet Union had often appeared rather isolated from the affairs of other members of the world community .
for a country of its size and population , the soviet union had often appeared rather [alone] from the affairs of other members of the world community .

Christina stood back , feeling isolated and excluded , as Stephen planted a kiss on his daughter 's forehead .
christina stood back , feeling [alone] and excluded , as stephen planted a kiss on his daughter 's forehead .

The fuller the gym was , the more isolated you were with your visitors , because you were in a crowd .
the fuller the gym was , the more [alone] you were with your visitors , because you were in a crowd .

‘ Why is this brave warrior isolated from his brothers in the hour of supreme glory ? ’ Fakrid demanded angrily .
‘ why is this brave warrior [alone] from his brothers in the hour of supreme glory ? ’ fakrid demanded angrily .

The final point which needs to be made about ethnicity is that as a speaker variable it can not usually be isolated from social class .
the final point which needs to be made about ethnicity is that as a speaker variable it can not usually be [alone] from social class .

Furthermore , these changes have spread to not only the more isolated areas but also to the protected landscapes of national parks .
furthermore , these changes have spread to not only the more [alone] areas but also to the protected landscapes of national parks .

‘ There 's no weight to isolated acts of self-aggrandizing heroism in a decaying society , ’ said a man who was generally nice , and who bore on his forehead the triangular scar of a marble paperweight that had been thrown at him by his best friend , a Tory , for a sentence like that .
‘ there 's no weight to [alone] acts of self-aggrandizing heroism in a decaying society , ’ said a man who was generally nice , and who bore on his forehead the triangular scar of a marble paperweight that had been thrown at him by his best friend , a tory , for a sentence like that .

Clearly , if the party input into the development of policy is to be significant then something more than an isolated individual is needed to make the system effective .
clearly , if the party input into the development of policy is to be significant then something more than an [alone] individual is needed to make the system effective .

The position is more difficult in relation to attracting more professional staff to work in deprived inner city areas or in isolated rural areas .
the position is more difficult in relation to attracting more professional staff to work in deprived inner city areas or in [alone] rural areas .

Moreover , it is far less of a real alternative in the case of isolated rural areas .
moreover , it is far less of a real alternative in the case of [alone] rural areas .

The heroine of the romance novel is presented at a moment of transition in her life , an isolated figure ; the romance narrative depicts young women at a point of defining themselves as adult women , a definition that must come from the heroine in the absence of any supportive network :
the heroine of the romance novel is presented at a moment of transition in her life , an [alone] figure ; the romance narrative depicts young women at a point of defining themselves as adult women , a definition that must come from the heroine in the absence of any supportive network :

In this world pop music is isolated and exploited as a younger , sexier version of traditional showbiz , where culture tycoons like Maxwell of the Mirror or Murdoch of the Sun fight for the services of a man , John Blake , whose gossip columns reinforce pop music 's most banal surfaces .
in this world pop music is [alone] and exploited as a younger , sexier version of traditional showbiz , where culture tycoons like maxwell of the mirror or murdoch of the sun fight for the services of a man , john blake , whose gossip columns reinforce pop music 's most banal surfaces .

These nuances were lost in the United Kingdom , where rock ' n ' roll was seen as another exotic American import like chewing-gum or cowboy films ; its explosive sexuality was seen as the key selling point of this product like the X-tail-fin on a new Ford — rather than as a process , and was thus isolated and marketed accordingly .
these nuances were lost in the united kingdom , where rock ' n ' roll was seen as another exotic american import like chewing-gum or cowboy films ; its explosive sexuality was seen as the key selling point of this product like the x-tail-fin on a new ford — rather than as a process , and was thus [alone] and marketed accordingly .

Meanwhile the abstraction of an ‘ aesthetic instinct ’ , isolated from its conditions and from other relationships , has , while often coming nearer to the work , suppressed the whole problem of connected but variable practices .
meanwhile the abstraction of an ‘ aesthetic instinct ’ , [alone] from its conditions and from other relationships , has , while often coming nearer to the work , suppressed the whole problem of connected but variable practices .

But this kind of Marxist theory should not be isolated .
but this kind of marxist theory should not be [alone] .

Godwin and his circle , after this shift ( 1794–7 ) , have a quite different cultural importance , with Godwin relatively isolated but with continuing influence on a new formation — that around Shelley , who married the daughter of Godwin and Mary Wollstonecraft .
godwin and his circle , after this shift ( 1794–7 ) , have a quite different cultural importance , with godwin relatively [alone] but with continuing influence on a new formation — that around shelley , who married the daughter of godwin and mary wollstonecraft .

In their real critique of the old order , they were also , often , both isolated and mocked .
in their real critique of the old order , they were also , often , both [alone] and mocked .

Gowon behaved in a fashion which should attract historic credit in that his amnesty was a genuine amnesty ; no retribution , except in a few isolated instances , was inflicted on the Ibos in consequence of the war .
gowon behaved in a fashion which should attract historic credit in that his amnesty was a genuine amnesty ; no retribution , except in a few [alone] instances , was inflicted on the ibos in consequence of the war .

After that , she stayed isolated behind her plastic doors until the day-shift cleared the common-room outside .
after that , she stayed [alone] behind her plastic doors until the day-shift cleared the common-room outside .

Isolated from the other two , he was leaning against the apple tree , his hands deep in his pockets and a surly look on his face .
[alone] from the other two , he was leaning against the apple tree , his hands deep in his pockets and a surly look on his face .

And mountains rise above the desert plains and on their sides great forests grow , isolated from man .
and mountains rise above the desert plains and on their sides great forests grow , [alone] from man .

This is not too difficult to understand for the ‘ second agricultural revolution ’ has brought about a drastic decline in the number of agricultural workers since the war and has left those who remain more isolated and scattered throughout the countryside as a result .
this is not too difficult to understand for the ‘ second agricultural revolution ’ has brought about a drastic decline in the number of agricultural workers since the war and has left those who remain more [alone] and scattered throughout the countryside as a result .

Not only are there fewer workers around on each farm than formerly , but the modern farm worker spends much of his time isolated in the noisy interior of his tractor cab .
not only are there fewer workers around on each farm than formerly , but the modern farm worker spends much of his time [alone] in the noisy interior of his tractor cab .

Perhaps this has a certain symbolic significance : the farm worker has become more isolated from his fellow workers , but more attuned to the world beyond the farm gate .
perhaps this has a certain symbolic significance : the farm worker has become more [alone] from his fellow workers , but more attuned to the world beyond the farm gate .

Agriculture still has more employers than any other industry , but the workers are scattered , mostly in ones and twos , across the countryside and in some of the most isolated and inaccessible areas .
agriculture still has more employers than any other industry , but the workers are scattered , mostly in ones and twos , across the countryside and in some of the most [alone] and inaccessible areas .

The farm worker still remains socially and geographically isolated but he is also becoming less bound by custom and habit .
the farm worker still remains socially and geographically [alone] but he is also becoming less bound by custom and habit .

As with any isolated and largely self-contained community the agricultural village was often the object of a fierce loyalty among its inhabitants .
as with any [alone] and largely self-contained community the agricultural village was often the object of a fierce loyalty among its inhabitants .

Only a few rural areas , isolated by bad roads and non-existent railways , remained relatively untouched , but even these , by virtue of their isolation , were often gobbled up by the equally voracious demand for holiday homes and weekend cottages .
only a few rural areas , [alone] by bad roads and non-existent railways , remained relatively untouched , but even these , by virtue of their isolation , were often gobbled up by the equally voracious demand for holiday homes and weekend cottages .

Because most tied cottages are located on farms and because the village in this case has been virtually emptied of its former working population , farm workers become both physically and socially isolated from the village .
because most tied cottages are located on farms and because the village in this case has been virtually emptied of its former working population , farm workers become both physically and socially [alone] from the village .

As a result those sections of the rural population who are unable to run a car now tend to find themselves more isolated from the outside world than at any time in their lives .
as a result those sections of the rural population who are unable to run a car now tend to find themselves more [alone] from the outside world than at any time in their lives .

Today the farm worker is more isolated as an individual .
today the farm worker is more [alone] as an individual .

Having someone on stage communicating ideas and feelings that an isolated disabled person never suspected were shared by others can be a turning-point for many .
having someone on stage communicating ideas and feelings that an [alone] disabled person never suspected were shared by others can be a turning-point for many .

This is because the recognition of sign language as the natural language of deaf people would mean that they would become aligned with members of other cultural minorities who are isolated from special needs legislation because their ‘ home language ’ is different from that which is the language of instruction used in schools ( Section 1 ( 2 ) , Education Act 1981 ) .
this is because the recognition of sign language as the natural language of deaf people would mean that they would become aligned with members of other cultural minorities who are [alone] from special needs legislation because their ‘ home language ’ is different from that which is the language of instruction used in schools ( section 1 ( 2 ) , education act 1981 ) .

Several physiotherapists mentioned that the active nature of the job benefited them physically and a number of people with sensory impairments believed that the nature of the work prevented them from becoming isolated .
several physiotherapists mentioned that the active nature of the job benefited them physically and a number of people with sensory impairments believed that the nature of the work prevented them from becoming [alone] .

She felt isolated in this comfortable place , but paradoxically , she also wished that these young women , with their bright faces and inane chatter , would go away and leave her in peace .
she felt [alone] in this comfortable place , but paradoxically , she also wished that these young women , with their bright faces and inane chatter , would go away and leave her in peace .

They listened to the Beatles on Miranda 's new stereo ; the magical mystery of ‘ Strawberry Fields Forever ’ reminded her of her grandmother , so lonely , isolated , and unreachable in the prison of her own head .
they listened to the beatles on miranda 's new stereo ; the magical mystery of ‘ strawberry fields forever ’ reminded her of her grandmother , so lonely , [alone] , and unreachable in the prison of her own head .

It was an isolated place exposed to every sand-carrying wind .
it was an [alone] place exposed to every sand-carrying wind .

Since that time the trees which had once enthicketed the hut had been lopped down and now the pyramidal vernal tent stood isolated among a company of stumps , like stepping-stones from the forest to Kitty 's lair .
since that time the trees which had once enthicketed the hut had been lopped down and now the pyramidal vernal tent stood [alone] among a company of stumps , like stepping-stones from the forest to kitty 's lair .

He felt mercifully isolated and stopped for a while to lean back on the lower bank of fell .
he felt mercifully [alone] and stopped for a while to lean back on the lower bank of fell .

The three of them soon to be part of one fusion , still at this time isolated from each other : three figures representing and summarising between them so much that was central to the complex notion of the Romantic Age .
the three of them soon to be part of one fusion , still at this time [alone] from each other : three figures representing and summarising between them so much that was central to the complex notion of the romantic age .

The application of the theory means not only that the executive shall not be the same body as the legislature but that these two bodies shall be isolated from each other , so that the one shall not control the other .
the application of the theory means not only that the executive shall not be the same body as the legislature but that these two bodies shall be [alone] from each other , so that the one shall not control the other .

As understanding is crucial in physics , the difficulty in asking for help leads to problems with work ; it is , as Chapter 6 will argue , a particular problem for women , who often feel isolated in the department .
as understanding is crucial in physics , the difficulty in asking for help leads to problems with work ; it is , as chapter 6 will argue , a particular problem for women , who often feel [alone] in the department .

During the next three years , when Nehru was totally isolated from political involvement , Sukarno became spokesman almost overnight for Indonesian nationalism .
during the next three years , when nehru was totally [alone] from political involvement , sukarno became spokesman almost overnight for indonesian nationalism .

The occupation of the Netherlands by Nazi Germany in 1940 left the Indies isolated , out on a limb .
the occupation of the netherlands by nazi germany in 1940 left the indies [alone] , out on a limb .

This meant that the district officer became increasingly isolated from the activities that often had the greatest impact on — and the greatest importance for — his district .
this meant that the district officer became increasingly [alone] from the activities that often had the greatest impact on — and the greatest importance for — his district .

Recently , a leading member of the West Midlands Area Young Conservatives has written in the national press : ‘ ln the course of the last twelve months 1 have travelled extensively throughout the area in question and , with the exception of extremely isolated individuals , have found no evidence of sympathy for the ‘ libertarian ’ position ’ ( The Observer , May 1985 ) .
recently , a leading member of the west midlands area young conservatives has written in the national press : ‘ ln the course of the last twelve months 1 have travelled extensively throughout the area in question and , with the exception of extremely [alone] individuals , have found no evidence of sympathy for the ‘ libertarian ’ position ’ ( the observer , may 1985 ) .

Most British coal mines are outside the main industrial conurbations , and their employees live in isolated settlements — ‘ pit villages ’ — which offer no alternative work and are not very accessible to other employment opportunities .
most british coal mines are outside the main industrial conurbations , and their employees live in [alone] settlements — ‘ pit villages ’ — which offer no alternative work and are not very accessible to other employment opportunities .

Bulmer ( 1975 ) , following Kerr and Siegel ( 1954 ) , has characterized mining communities as isolated and homogeneous , and with a much weaker ‘ exit ’ option for the dissatisfied than is typical of other industrial settlements .
bulmer ( 1975 ) , following kerr and siegel ( 1954 ) , has characterized mining communities as [alone] and homogeneous , and with a much weaker ‘ exit ’ option for the dissatisfied than is typical of other industrial settlements .

[ Thus ] the sociological factors [ the isolated mass ] are mediated through particular individuals and groups in a quite distinctive way ( p. 75 ) which is a point stressed below in the analysis of the Dukeries field .
[ thus ] the sociological factors [ the [alone] mass ] are mediated through particular individuals and groups in a quite distinctive way ( p. 75 ) which is a point stressed below in the analysis of the dukeries field .

If we accept the ‘ cohesive mass segregation ’ argument derived from the work of Kerr and Siegel ( see above , p. 108 ) , then we would expect all isolated mining communities to be equally strike-prone .
if we accept the ‘ cohesive mass segregation ’ argument derived from the work of kerr and siegel ( see above , p. 108 ) , then we would expect all [alone] mining communities to be equally strike-prone .

But they were not in Great Britain in 1984 , and adjacent areas with similar relatively isolated mining communities ( notably Nottinghamshire and South Yorkshire ) differed very substantially not only in their support for the strike call but also in their level of industrial militancy over a substantial period of time .
but they were not in great britain in 1984 , and adjacent areas with similar relatively [alone] mining communities ( notably nottinghamshire and south yorkshire ) differed very substantially not only in their support for the strike call but also in their level of industrial militancy over a substantial period of time .

This was accepted within , and its acceptance was transmitted through , the collective culture established in the new pit villages opened to house the miners at these isolated establishments .
this was accepted within , and its acceptance was transmitted through , the collective culture established in the new pit villages opened to house the miners at these [alone] establishments .

( In this way the solidarity of the isolated culture — see p. 109 — was enhanced by the coal companies , who clearly then needed to manipulate the nature of that culture to their own ends . )
( in this way the solidarity of the [alone] culture — see p. 109 — was enhanced by the coal companies , who clearly then needed to manipulate the nature of that culture to their own ends . )

Determined to maintain these isolated villages as functional units separate from contaminating ideologies such as those purveyed by the Labour party and the Nottinghamshire Miners ' Association , the companies stressed the unity of the model villages .
determined to maintain these [alone] villages as functional units separate from contaminating ideologies such as those purveyed by the labour party and the nottinghamshire miners ' association , the companies stressed the unity of the model villages .

These more conservative positions towards women 's rights in the southern States are far from an isolated example of regional differences in social attitudes .
these more conservative positions towards women 's rights in the southern states are far from an [alone] example of regional differences in social attitudes .

This isolated , bounded quality tends to make the deviance unpredictable and forecloses the possibility of a continuing relationship between enforcement agent and potential deviant .
this [alone] , bounded quality tends to make the deviance unpredictable and forecloses the possibility of a continuing relationship between enforcement agent and potential deviant .

These sorts of rule-breaking are amenable to strategies of correction or control in a way that most forms of isolated crime can not be .
these sorts of rule-breaking are amenable to strategies of correction or control in a way that most forms of [alone] crime can not be .

The nature of pollution control work draws attention to these issues because it involves a substantial degree of discretion at field level among staff who are physically dispersed and isolated for most of the day while tending a complex and unpredictable environment .
the nature of pollution control work draws attention to these issues because it involves a substantial degree of discretion at field level among staff who are physically dispersed and [alone] for most of the day while tending a complex and unpredictable environment .

Discharges may be permanent and persistent , or they may be episodic or isolated .
discharges may be permanent and persistent , or they may be episodic or [alone] .

Isolated and episodic pollutions are soon flushed away .
[alone] and episodic pollutions are soon flushed away .

Reactive strategies , dependent upon complaints and tip-offs , are generally animated by the more conspicuous — hence the more serious — cases , many ( perhaps most ) of which are isolated incidents ( 'one-offs ' ) .
reactive strategies , dependent upon complaints and tip-offs , are generally animated by the more conspicuous — hence the more serious — cases , many ( perhaps most ) of which are [alone] incidents ( 'one-offs ' ) .

We do not communicate with isolated words ; words are not the bearers of messages ; they do not , of themselves , ‘ make sense ’ ; they can not , taken singly , be true or false , beautiful , appropriate , paradoxical or original .
we do not communicate with [alone] words ; words are not the bearers of messages ; they do not , of themselves , ‘ make sense ’ ; they can not , taken singly , be true or false , beautiful , appropriate , paradoxical or original .

As a first approximation , we may say that an idiom 's syntactic behaviour is broadly determined by two factors : the syntactic structure of the literal counterpart of the idiom ( if it has one ) , and the fact that distinguishable syntactic constituents are not semantic constituents , and therefore are not open , for instance , to adjectival and adverbial modification , nor can they be isolated for emphasis , etc .
as a first approximation , we may say that an idiom 's syntactic behaviour is broadly determined by two factors : the syntactic structure of the literal counterpart of the idiom ( if it has one ) , and the fact that distinguishable syntactic constituents are not semantic constituents , and therefore are not open , for instance , to adjectival and adverbial modification , nor can they be [alone] for emphasis , etc .

It is perfectly possible , as Griffen explains , to allow pupil and parent choice , but there is no evidence that his is other than an isolated example .
it is perfectly possible , as griffen explains , to allow pupil and parent choice , but there is no evidence that his is other than an [alone] example .

For this reason Simons argues that self-evaluation should be isolated from accountability demands for a time , although she also believes that school self-evaluation could provide the most positive form of accountability procedure in the long term .
for this reason simons argues that self-evaluation should be [alone] from accountability demands for a time , although she also believes that school self-evaluation could provide the most positive form of accountability procedure in the long term .

These new enclosures also produced their new isolated farmsteads , set in the fields .
these new enclosures also produced their new [alone] farmsteads , set in the fields .

In the east and centre of the county we find a close network of narrow , winding lanes , wandering from hamlet to hamlet and farm to farm , churches standing alone , isolated houses dotted all over the map , many of them called Hall or Old Hall — significant names .
in the east and centre of the county we find a close network of narrow , winding lanes , wandering from hamlet to hamlet and farm to farm , churches standing alone , [alone] houses dotted all over the map , many of them called hall or old hall — significant names .

Nevertheless , a new element had been introduced into the landscape in this part of England — the isolated farmstead .
nevertheless , a new element had been introduced into the landscape in this part of england — the [alone] farmstead .

So we get Joseph Wright of Derby as early as 1780 painting Arkwright 's cotton mill by night — tiers of tiny yellow lights in the immemorial country darkness of the Derwent valley , the isolated forerunner of those tremendous galaxies of light that one now sees from the Pennine Moors after sundown .
so we get joseph wright of derby as early as 1780 painting arkwright 's cotton mill by night — tiers of tiny yellow lights in the immemorial country darkness of the derwent valley , the [alone] forerunner of those tremendous galaxies of light that one now sees from the pennine moors after sundown .

Newport in the Isle of Wight with its grid of lanes and isolated Guildhall is a failed planned town of 1177–84 , as are the villages of Hindon , Wiltshire ( 1219–20 ) , Holme in Cambridgeshire ( before 1107 ) and Newborough in Staffordshire ( 1100–39 ) .
newport in the isle of wight with its grid of lanes and [alone] guildhall is a failed planned town of 1177–84 , as are the villages of hindon , wiltshire ( 1219–20 ) , holme in cambridgeshire ( before 1107 ) and newborough in staffordshire ( 1100–39 ) .

For though it stands so isolated today from human kind , St Mary 's church was a mother-church for a wide area round about , as befitted the spiritual centre of a royal estate ; and we do not know how far back a building stood on this site .
for though it stands so [alone] today from human kind , st mary 's church was a mother-church for a wide area round about , as befitted the spiritual centre of a royal estate ; and we do not know how far back a building stood on this site .

The decline of the Hellenistic world left Alexandria isolated , and it did not again become a great cosmopolitan city until the nineteenth century when its resurrection was built on the profits of cotton .
the decline of the hellenistic world left alexandria [alone] , and it did not again become a great cosmopolitan city until the nineteenth century when its resurrection was built on the profits of cotton .

Totally isolated from our own culture for long periods , we became vulnerable to forgotten times and tribes re-awakening within us .
totally [alone] from our own culture for long periods , we became vulnerable to forgotten times and tribes re-awakening within us .

There is increasing evidence that the original island peoples did not migrate eastwards from continental Asia , but evolved independently for millennia amongst the isolated atolls of the south Pacific — resulting in a different turn of mind .
there is increasing evidence that the original island peoples did not migrate eastwards from continental asia , but evolved independently for millennia amongst the [alone] atolls of the south pacific — resulting in a different turn of mind .

Isolated for long periods amongst little-known peoples , our sole defence lay in a sort of encounter therapy , a complete vulnerability to our hosts ' ways of being and seeing .
[alone] for long periods amongst little-known peoples , our sole defence lay in a sort of encounter therapy , a complete vulnerability to our hosts ' ways of being and seeing .

On our way back to the main road , at the end of the day we persuaded the reluctant Halim to investigate with us the loud festivities issuing from an isolated group of stilt houses .
on our way back to the main road , at the end of the day we persuaded the reluctant halim to investigate with us the loud festivities issuing from an [alone] group of stilt houses .

It was a week later , and feeling increasingly more desperate , that at the suggestion of Werner Meyer we visited the isolated hamlets of Bira and its neighbour Kasuso , on the south-eastern tip of the peninsula .
it was a week later , and feeling increasingly more desperate , that at the suggestion of werner meyer we visited the [alone] hamlets of bira and its neighbour kasuso , on the south-eastern tip of the peninsula .

These proved to be the isolated buccaneer haunts we were looking for , and the hidden source of most of the nation 's sailing prahus and their mariners .
these proved to be the [alone] buccaneer haunts we were looking for , and the hidden source of most of the nation 's sailing prahus and their mariners .

Isolated in this way , the heat-sensitive areas can detect the warmth of an animal from about 16 centimetres away .
[alone] in this way , the heat-sensitive areas can detect the warmth of an animal from about 16 centimetres away .

Isolated young mice squeak repeatedly at frequencies of 45 000 hertz to 88 000 hertz , until their mother comes and returns them to the nest .
[alone] young mice squeak repeatedly at frequencies of 45 000 hertz to 88 000 hertz , until their mother comes and returns them to the nest .

He stared at the serenely impassioned garden made out of a whirl of yellow brushstrokes , a viridian impasto , a dense mass of furiously feathered lines of blue-green , isolated black pot hooks , the painfully clear orange-red spattering .
he stared at the serenely impassioned garden made out of a whirl of yellow brushstrokes , a viridian impasto , a dense mass of furiously feathered lines of blue-green , [alone] black pot hooks , the painfully clear orange-red spattering .

The roads round Blesford were still more or less country lanes , bare blackthorn hedges and deep ditches , with the first few bungalows isolated on their little plots on the edges of little capillary roads .
the roads round blesford were still more or less country lanes , bare blackthorn hedges and deep ditches , with the first few bungalows [alone] on their little plots on the edges of little capillary roads .

Stephanie , bumping the baby on the chair arm , bent to kiss the isolated , over-defined crimson apple-round of the cheek .
stephanie , bumping the baby on the chair arm , bent to kiss the [alone] , over-defined crimson apple-round of the cheek .

Just behind the charges the effect of the opposite charge is minimal so the field lines resemble those of an isolated charge .
just behind the charges the effect of the opposite charge is minimal so the field lines resemble those of an [alone] charge .

In actual fact , there are some 15 vitamins , 24 minerals and 8–10 amino acids that have been isolated as being essential for normal body function .
in actual fact , there are some 15 vitamins , 24 minerals and 8–10 amino acids that have been [alone] as being essential for normal body function .

This is the level at which the focus should begin to shift from isolated language items to the real use of those items to convey a message .
this is the level at which the focus should begin to shift from [alone] language items to the real use of those items to convey a message .

After an hour the ship emerged from the jungle , and the Shermans found themselves gazing across an open alluvial plain dotted with isolated clumps of palm .
after an hour the ship emerged from the jungle , and the shermans found themselves gazing across an open alluvial plain dotted with [alone] clumps of palm .

It views writing essays not as a series of isolated events but as the dynamic process of developing a skill .
it views writing essays not as a series of [alone] events but as the dynamic process of developing a skill .

This found that girls who had felt isolated and embarrassed about being pregnant or having babies felt less stigma about this after they had attended the units and could take a much more realistic view of their situation .
this found that girls who had felt [alone] and embarrassed about being pregnant or having babies felt less stigma about this after they had attended the units and could take a much more realistic view of their situation .

The proponents of such outrageous plans were easily muzzled and isolated by the police and military authorities , but localized , ‘ patriotic ’ sympathies for some kind of regional autonomy continued to be cherished by a few individuals and groupings until the collapse of tsarist authority and the ensuing chaos of revolution and civil war created conditions in which the adherents of Siberian independence could now openly press their case and join in the bitter , fratricidal struggle of contending political and nationalist forces which raged across the country 's huge expanses between 1917 and 1922 .
the proponents of such outrageous plans were easily muzzled and [alone] by the police and military authorities , but localized , ‘ patriotic ’ sympathies for some kind of regional autonomy continued to be cherished by a few individuals and groupings until the collapse of tsarist authority and the ensuing chaos of revolution and civil war created conditions in which the adherents of siberian independence could now openly press their case and join in the bitter , fratricidal struggle of contending political and nationalist forces which raged across the country 's huge expanses between 1917 and 1922 .

What might have been just an isolated , if pretty , trick effect is thoroughly integrated into the thematic content of the film in characteristic Minnellian style — though the evidence of interviews sometimes suggests that this aspect of his work , unlike the stylish and carefully contrived visuals themselves , is in part unconscious and instinctive .
what might have been just an [alone] , if pretty , trick effect is thoroughly integrated into the thematic content of the film in characteristic minnellian style — though the evidence of interviews sometimes suggests that this aspect of his work , unlike the stylish and carefully contrived visuals themselves , is in part unconscious and instinctive .

Any kind of overt optical distortion can only be an occasional isolated effect for a clearly marked purpose , such as rendering the subjective experience of someone under stress or drunk or dreaming .
any kind of overt optical distortion can only be an occasional [alone] effect for a clearly marked purpose , such as rendering the subjective experience of someone under stress or drunk or dreaming .

In the Third World 's most isolated region — the South Pacific — an innovative organisation is tackling serious health problems with a simple outreach programme … and getting extraordinary results .
in the third world 's most [alone] region — the south pacific — an innovative organisation is tackling serious health problems with a simple outreach programme … and getting extraordinary results .

Experience has shown that it is not enough to train PHCNs for a year and then send to isolated rural clinics .
experience has shown that it is not enough to train phcns for a year and then send to [alone] rural clinics .

Odd , though , that they had once seemed so odd , so isolated , for the school at which Dotty Doddridge vainly endeavoured to teach French had been non-conformist , faintly progressive , certainly egalitarian in its religious and social complexion : it had offered a liberal , secularized , healthy coeducation , and had on its foundation in the 1860s set out to attract the children of vegetarians , Quakers , freethinkers , pacifists , Unitarians , reformers .
odd , though , that they had once seemed so odd , so [alone] , for the school at which dotty doddridge vainly endeavoured to teach french had been non-conformist , faintly progressive , certainly egalitarian in its religious and social complexion : it had offered a liberal , secularized , healthy coeducation , and had on its foundation in the 1860s set out to attract the children of vegetarians , quakers , freethinkers , pacifists , unitarians , reformers .

You have already isolated the woman , picked her out from all the women you have seen in the last hour , all the women you have seen today .
you have already [alone] the woman , picked her out from all the women you have seen in the last hour , all the women you have seen today .

These are no isolated developments , no candles in the dark .
these are no [alone] developments , no candles in the dark .

Inefficiency in the clinics and the universities is compounded by the fact that research groups tend to be small and isolated , shunning collaborative links with other small groups , either locally or nationally .
inefficiency in the clinics and the universities is compounded by the fact that research groups tend to be small and [alone] , shunning collaborative links with other small groups , either locally or nationally .

He too explodes the myths encouraged by scientific ways of thinking : that it is possible to understand the world in reductionist terms , that there are clear distinctions between cause and effect , that the world is made up of bits and pieces that can be isolated and studied in isolation .
he too explodes the myths encouraged by scientific ways of thinking : that it is possible to understand the world in reductionist terms , that there are clear distinctions between cause and effect , that the world is made up of bits and pieces that can be [alone] and studied in isolation .

Furthermore , in many more isolated and smaller settlements a wife may be unable to work regularly owing to a lack of jobs or transport ; therefore the total mortgage that a would-be home buyer can obtain will be based on a multiple of the husband 's income alone .
furthermore , in many more [alone] and smaller settlements a wife may be unable to work regularly owing to a lack of jobs or transport ; therefore the total mortgage that a would-be home buyer can obtain will be based on a multiple of the husband 's income alone .

Shucksmith ( 1981 ) highlights the fact that the pressure in district councils has been to build ( if at all ) in larger settlements rather than in isolated locations .
shucksmith ( 1981 ) highlights the fact that the pressure in district councils has been to build ( if at all ) in larger settlements rather than in [alone] locations .

Government subsidies were also , in effect , greater for higher-density development ( subject to Parker Morris minimum standards ) , and all these factors have combined to militate against the building of few dwellings and small estates in isolated locations .
government subsidies were also , in effect , greater for higher-density development ( subject to parker morris minimum standards ) , and all these factors have combined to militate against the building of few dwellings and small estates in [alone] locations .

Although they may be regarded as suitable accommodation by some people , especially retired couples able to afford good-quality mobile homes , relatively poor facilities and frequently isolated locations make them less than ideal for the majority of inhabitants .
although they may be regarded as suitable accommodation by some people , especially retired couples able to afford good-quality mobile homes , relatively poor facilities and frequently [alone] locations make them less than ideal for the majority of inhabitants .

National associations also tend to sponsor larger schemes in the more important settlements rather than in areas of isolated housing need .
national associations also tend to sponsor larger schemes in the more important settlements rather than in areas of [alone] housing need .

It is the conjunction of travel time , costs and opening hours ( availability ) of services that combine to render rural residents more or less isolated or inaccessible , and this question of poor spatial and temporal synchronization of services and public transport ( in particular ) will be developed in chapter 8 .
it is the conjunction of travel time , costs and opening hours ( availability ) of services that combine to render rural residents more or less [alone] or inaccessible , and this question of poor spatial and temporal synchronization of services and public transport ( in particular ) will be developed in chapter 8 .

Because of the decline of public transport , it is often no longer possible for those who do not have access to personal transport ( their own or shared ) to commute daily to and from rural settlements ; these people and places may effectively be isolated .
because of the decline of public transport , it is often no longer possible for those who do not have access to personal transport ( their own or shared ) to commute daily to and from rural settlements ; these people and places may effectively be [alone] .

Railways are not really flexible enough to be able to serve isolated communities in rural areas .
railways are not really flexible enough to be able to serve [alone] communities in rural areas .

However , some rural communities did become quite reliant on rail for outside contacts , in particular the rural mining settlements in Wales and the North of England , commuter villages in the South East and some more isolated estuarine settlements in the South West .
however , some rural communities did become quite reliant on rail for outside contacts , in particular the rural mining settlements in wales and the north of england , commuter villages in the south east and some more [alone] estuarine settlements in the south west .

These people will often be very isolated and their social and spatial contacts will be very much determined by what is available in the local community .
these people will often be very [alone] and their social and spatial contacts will be very much determined by what is available in the local community .

It is misleading to assert that only areas are isolated , since the ‘ transport poor ’ are individuals who will be isolated in relative terms no matter how rural or urban their location may be ( Coles 1978 ) .
it is misleading to assert that only areas are [alone] , since the ‘ transport poor ’ are individuals who will be [alone] in relative terms no matter how rural or urban their location may be ( coles 1978 ) .

Unlike national parks in some other countries , these are not supposed to be wilderness or isolated areas .
unlike national parks in some other countries , these are not supposed to be wilderness or [alone] areas .

The main criticism is that the development of peripheral estates ( public or private ) can create a dual village , in which the new housing is sometimes physically and socially isolated from the existing village core .
the main criticism is that the development of peripheral estates ( public or private ) can create a dual village , in which the new housing is sometimes physically and socially [alone] from the existing village core .

The people living on the estates , especially the elderly , tended to be isolated , and a number of new residents felt lonely and insecure .
the people living on the estates , especially the elderly , tended to be [alone] , and a number of new residents felt lonely and insecure .

The novelist has isolated himself .
the novelist has [alone] himself .

Cream 's ‘ fraternal individualism ’ , for instance , is easily metamorphosed into ‘ elitist exhibitionism ’ ( musically , this is the development from Cream to what has often been described as the ‘ empty virtuosity ’ of many later ‘ guitar heroes ’ ) ; similarly , the ‘ thinking ’ of unpredictable extended forms , given the predictable lulling rhythms and bland timbres of Mike Oldfield , is turned into LP-length ‘ easy listening ’ ; the ‘ psychedelic sound ’ becomes exactly that : a fetishized label , isolated from the radical harmonic/rhythmic context it has in ‘ Strawberry Fields ’ , and pinned on to simple Top Ten dance tunes , as a tribute to the middle class ideology of riskless hedonism .
cream 's ‘ fraternal individualism ’ , for instance , is easily metamorphosed into ‘ elitist exhibitionism ’ ( musically , this is the development from cream to what has often been described as the ‘ empty virtuosity ’ of many later ‘ guitar heroes ’ ) ; similarly , the ‘ thinking ’ of unpredictable extended forms , given the predictable lulling rhythms and bland timbres of mike oldfield , is turned into lp-length ‘ easy listening ’ ; the ‘ psychedelic sound ’ becomes exactly that : a fetishized label , [alone] from the radical harmonic/rhythmic context it has in ‘ strawberry fields ’ , and pinned on to simple top ten dance tunes , as a tribute to the middle class ideology of riskless hedonism .

The development of industrial capitalism came later and more quickly ; there were continuing influxes of working-class immigrants from ‘ backward ’ parts of Europe ; in the South , isolated rural-proletarian and quasi-feudal cultures persisted ; the vitality of a ‘ popular-bourgeois ’ culture , embracing workers and higher social strata , continued into the twentieth century , when European equivalents were long dead or distorted into passivity .
the development of industrial capitalism came later and more quickly ; there were continuing influxes of working-class immigrants from ‘ backward ’ parts of europe ; in the south , [alone] rural-proletarian and quasi-feudal cultures persisted ; the vitality of a ‘ popular-bourgeois ’ culture , embracing workers and higher social strata , continued into the twentieth century , when european equivalents were long dead or distorted into passivity .

‘ Whatever you see never exists simply and solely by itself , as an isolated sign or symbol , but by playing its part within a context in which relatedness as such is of the first importance ’ .
‘ whatever you see never exists simply and solely by itself , as an [alone] sign or symbol , but by playing its part within a context in which relatedness as such is of the first importance ’ .

This disseminated type of settlement , in hamlets and isolated farms , had as its foundation the ten-acre holding preserved by inheritance laws that kept the farm , with its distinctive name , as a unit within the family .
this disseminated type of settlement , in hamlets and [alone] farms , had as its foundation the ten-acre holding preserved by inheritance laws that kept the farm , with its distinctive name , as a unit within the family .

In the smaller villages of the Sierras life was isolated and stagnant , a degraded survival , semi-pastoral , semi-agricultural , with timber as an important source of income .
in the smaller villages of the sierras life was [alone] and stagnant , a degraded survival , semi-pastoral , semi-agricultural , with timber as an important source of income .

Outside the royal factories and the new concerns of Valencia and Barcelona , there was no proletariat physically and morally isolated from its employers .
outside the royal factories and the new concerns of valencia and barcelona , there was no proletariat physically and morally [alone] from its employers .

Its social cohesion was no stronger than that of an isolated nineteenth-century English village , and in the long run its solidarity against the outside world could neither defeat class conflict nor evade the power of the centralizing state .
its social cohesion was no stronger than that of an [alone] nineteenth-century english village , and in the long run its solidarity against the outside world could neither defeat class conflict nor evade the power of the centralizing state .

In the decades before Emancipation only a few isolated individuals had carried dissent to the point of revolutionary commitment .
in the decades before emancipation only a few [alone] individuals had carried dissent to the point of revolutionary commitment .

The libertarian interpretation rejects the notion that the revolutionaries represented no more than the extravagant daydreams of isolated malcontents .
the libertarian interpretation rejects the notion that the revolutionaries represented no more than the extravagant daydreams of [alone] malcontents .

The charge made by liberal historians , that the revolutionary ideologies and programmes were the hothouse creation of intellectuals isolated from the masses they claimed to represent does not stand up to close scrutiny .
the charge made by liberal historians , that the revolutionary ideologies and programmes were the hothouse creation of intellectuals [alone] from the masses they claimed to represent does not stand up to close scrutiny .

Their ideological development should be viewed as much in terms of this harmonization as in terms of the abstract thought of isolated intellectuals .
their ideological development should be viewed as much in terms of this harmonization as in terms of the abstract thought of [alone] intellectuals .

Relatively isolated from the interior of Yugoslavia by the mountain barrier which rises above them , the Adriatic coastlands and islands belong geographically to the Mediterranean world .
relatively [alone] from the interior of yugoslavia by the mountain barrier which rises above them , the adriatic coastlands and islands belong geographically to the mediterranean world .

An important defensive position against the Turks was the fortress of Klis , which stands on an isolated pinnacle of rock overlooking the route which leads from Solin ( Salona ) to Sinj , in a gap between the Kozjak and Mosor mountains .
an important defensive position against the turks was the fortress of klis , which stands on an [alone] pinnacle of rock overlooking the route which leads from solin ( salona ) to sinj , in a gap between the kozjak and mosor mountains .

Before the successful insurrection of 1815 there had been several isolated incidents in which bands of Serbs attacked and murdered Turkish officials .
before the successful insurrection of 1815 there had been several [alone] incidents in which bands of serbs attacked and murdered turkish officials .

The Serbs took the Turks by surprise , and the local garrison troops were soon isolated in Belgrade , whilst the rest of the pashalik was firmly in Miloš 's grip .
the serbs took the turks by surprise , and the local garrison troops were soon [alone] in belgrade , whilst the rest of the pashalik was firmly in miloš 's grip .

But there was also something isolated about her , and the battered mannish brief-case against the leg of her chair was touching .
but there was also something [alone] about her , and the battered mannish brief-case against the leg of her chair was touching .

Of all the human races which inhabited the Imperium , Yuan 's had been isolated perhaps the longest before re-integration .
of all the human races which inhabited the imperium , yuan 's had been [alone] perhaps the longest before re-integration .

Rostov wondered if he had been isolated from the longevity treatment at some time in his life .
rostov wondered if he had been [alone] from the longevity treatment at some time in his life .

Our records of the Second Empire are far from complete , of course , but it is certain that Tarvaras has been isolated for thousands .
our records of the second empire are far from complete , of course , but it is certain that tarvaras has been [alone] for thousands .

Rostov remembered the ring of plasma weapons which ensured that Tarvaras was forever isolated , but he said nothing .
rostov remembered the ring of plasma weapons which ensured that tarvaras was forever [alone] , but he said nothing .

They were isolated from the crowd , their arms linked , the woman gazing up in to his face .
they were [alone] from the crowd , their arms linked , the woman gazing up in to his face .

They could never understand that , whatever the news , it still helped us to feel less isolated .
they could never understand that , whatever the news , it still helped us to feel less [alone] .

But we were not completely isolated .
but we were not completely [alone] .

In those parts of Scotland that are most isolated ( Orkney and Shetland and the Western Isles ) , there are single unitary authorities that deal with all local government functions .
in those parts of scotland that are most [alone] ( orkney and shetland and the western isles ) , there are single unitary authorities that deal with all local government functions .

Those who are directly affected by policies , the public , may be crudely divided into unorganized and isolated public — who pay taxes , receive benefits , seek planning permission , visit doctors and so on — and the organized public , the organizations upon whom policies have an impact .
those who are directly affected by policies , the public , may be crudely divided into unorganized and [alone] public — who pay taxes , receive benefits , seek planning permission , visit doctors and so on — and the organized public , the organizations upon whom policies have an impact .

Where it is not possible , children 's homes are kept as small as possible and are not isolated from the community around them .
where it is not possible , children 's homes are kept as small as possible and are not [alone] from the community around them .

In this approach a court order following an isolated offence is regarded as too rigid a way of tackling a complex problem and one that fails to involve the family adequately .
in this approach a court order following an [alone] offence is regarded as too rigid a way of tackling a complex problem and one that fails to involve the family adequately .

We know from research and investigations and general observation that many old people are desperately poor and neglected , appallingly isolated and lonely .
we know from research and investigations and general observation that many old people are desperately poor and neglected , appallingly [alone] and lonely .

Some of the converted premises are isolated and inconvenient to run .
some of the converted premises are [alone] and inconvenient to run .

Residential staff have tended to become isolated from field staff and their training and pay have lagged behind those of field social workers .
residential staff have tended to become [alone] from field staff and their training and pay have lagged behind those of field social workers .

Provision for the blind and deaf was reasonably comprehensive as a result , although often rather isolated , but provision for the heterogeneous general classes of disability was very slight and uneven between authorities .
provision for the blind and deaf was reasonably comprehensive as a result , although often rather [alone] , but provision for the heterogeneous general classes of disability was very slight and uneven between authorities .

But if a person with a roughly similar disability is socially isolated , or the home environment has actually precipitated or exacerbated the illness , then they will be gravely handicapped in attempting to return to normal life after a period in hospital .
but if a person with a roughly similar disability is socially [alone] , or the home environment has actually precipitated or exacerbated the illness , then they will be gravely handicapped in attempting to return to normal life after a period in hospital .

It is also a practical answer to the difficulties of continuing to maintain and staff isolated institutions in an age when few people are prepared to make a career in residential work .
it is also a practical answer to the difficulties of continuing to maintain and staff [alone] institutions in an age when few people are prepared to make a career in residential work .

This fragment was isolated from an agarose gel , and inserted at the Hin dIII site in pVM11 [ 16 ] , a plasmid carrying the mutant hsdS ts-1 gene .
this fragment was [alone] from an agarose gel , and inserted at the hin diii site in pvm11 [ 16 ] , a plasmid carrying the mutant hsds ts-1 gene .

Studies in this field present a number of inherent drawbacks : they deal with isolated manifestations and random clinical signs , in an area where experimental possibilities are limited ( human mutation ) .
studies in this field present a number of inherent drawbacks : they deal with [alone] manifestations and random clinical signs , in an area where experimental possibilities are limited ( human mutation ) .

Mitochondria from adults flies ( 1 to 8 days ) were isolated as previously described ( 17 ) .
mitochondria from adults flies ( 1 to 8 days ) were [alone] as previously described ( 17 ) .

More than 75 modified nucleosides have been isolated ( 1 ) .
more than 75 modified nucleosides have been [alone] ( 1 ) .

To identify the nucleotide sequence recognized by CytR , mutants of the deoP2 promoter with a reduced regulatory response to CytR have been isolated .
to identify the nucleotide sequence recognized by cytr , mutants of the deop2 promoter with a reduced regulatory response to cytr have been [alone] .

The registry has four main sources of information : practically all deliveries take place in hospital , and obstetricians report congenital abnormalities diagnosed at birth ; paediatricians report malformed babies seen at inpatient and outpatient paediatric clinics ; necropsy is obligatory in case of infant death and when the infant has a congenital abnormality pathologists send the autopsy report to the Hungarian congenital abnormality registry ; the five prenatal diagnosis centres report congenital abnormalities in fetuses aborted after prenatal diagnosis of fetal defect — all diagnoses are checked , and abnormalities are classified as either isolated or multiple because of their different aetiologies .
the registry has four main sources of information : practically all deliveries take place in hospital , and obstetricians report congenital abnormalities diagnosed at birth ; paediatricians report malformed babies seen at inpatient and outpatient paediatric clinics ; necropsy is obligatory in case of infant death and when the infant has a congenital abnormality pathologists send the autopsy report to the hungarian congenital abnormality registry ; the five prenatal diagnosis centres report congenital abnormalities in fetuses aborted after prenatal diagnosis of fetal defect — all diagnoses are checked , and abnormalities are classified as either [alone] or multiple because of their different aetiologies .

Complex congenital abnormalities within the same organ ( for example , tetralogy of Fallot ) or sequences ( for example , spina bifida cystica with hydrocephalus and clubfoot , or diaphragmatic defect with lung hypoplasia and dextrocardia ) were classified as isolated .
complex congenital abnormalities within the same organ ( for example , tetralogy of fallot ) or sequences ( for example , spina bifida cystica with hydrocephalus and clubfoot , or diaphragmatic defect with lung hypoplasia and dextrocardia ) were classified as [alone] .

Nor is the isolated petting episode with Hummel , after this child prodigy had won Mozart 's admiration with a scintillating performance on the clavier and remarkable feat of sightreading , even remotely to be confused with a complex motor tic .
nor is the [alone] petting episode with hummel , after this child prodigy had won mozart 's admiration with a scintillating performance on the clavier and remarkable feat of sightreading , even remotely to be confused with a complex motor tic .

Incidence in the rural high oil category was examined in more isolated ( > 20 km from urban areas ) and less isolated sectors , and at higher and lower levels of certain factors , for which the division was made after ranking the sectors on the factor ( disregarding isolation ) at the point that as closely as possible halved the cumulative expected values at ages 0–14 .
incidence in the rural high oil category was examined in more [alone] ( > 20 km from urban areas ) and less [alone] sectors , and at higher and lower levels of certain factors , for which the division was made after ranking the sectors on the factor ( disregarding isolation ) at the point that as closely as possible halved the cumulative expected values at ages 0–14 .

The bringing together of workers was therefore not only on a larger scale but also more continuous than at other oil industry sites , including the isolated platform construction yards at Kishorn , Nigg , and Ardeseir in Highland Region , where many workers travelled from home daily or at least went home at weekends .
the bringing together of workers was therefore not only on a larger scale but also more continuous than at other oil industry sites , including the [alone] platform construction yards at kishorn , nigg , and ardeseir in highland region , where many workers travelled from home daily or at least went home at weekends .

We can not test independently the relevance of the high proportion of children not born locally in the isolated area that is west Thurso since no area within the rural high oil category is known to approach its high level .
we can not test independently the relevance of the high proportion of children not born locally in the [alone] area that is west thurso since no area within the rural high oil category is known to approach its high level .

However , the only area ( comprising three adjacent sectors ) in this category with a comparable proportion not born in Scotland ( though it is much less isolated ) also showed an excess in the period 1979–83 at ages 5–24 ( 2 cases observed , 0.54 expected ) .
however , the only area ( comprising three adjacent sectors ) in this category with a comparable proportion not born in scotland ( though it is much less [alone] ) also showed an excess in the period 1979–83 at ages 5–24 ( 2 cases observed , 0.54 expected ) .

The prehistory of Islay is not easily understood and one must use a great deal of imagination to build up a picture from what has been learnt by Investigation and excavation , bearing in mind that isolated pieces of evidence may be entirely unrepresentative of the normal life of the community .
the prehistory of islay is not easily understood and one must use a great deal of imagination to build up a picture from what has been learnt by investigation and excavation , bearing in mind that [alone] pieces of evidence may be entirely unrepresentative of the normal life of the community .

Shall be to promote a spirit of brotherhood among the Members , stir up a desire for self improvement , smooth and tone down the angularities so largely the product of isolated effort , encourage and stimulate individual endeavour , and in short do everything possible to assist each Member to make the most of his or her God-given talents .
shall be to promote a spirit of brotherhood among the members , stir up a desire for self improvement , smooth and tone down the angularities so largely the product of [alone] effort , encourage and stimulate individual endeavour , and in short do everything possible to assist each member to make the most of his or her god-given talents .

This may be too large ( or too small ) inconveniently situated for transport , social support , shops etc or in an isolated locality in a confusing environment , eg in a multi-storey block or a large housing estate which can lead to difficulties in orientation liable to vandalism in poor repair be poorly insulated/difficult to heat have dangerous wiring Elderly owner-occupiers with few financial resources have particular problems ; others may have resources but do not recognise the need for repairs .
this may be too large ( or too small ) inconveniently situated for transport , social support , shops etc or in an [alone] locality in a confusing environment , eg in a multi-storey block or a large housing estate which can lead to difficulties in orientation liable to vandalism in poor repair be poorly insulated/difficult to heat have dangerous wiring elderly owner-occupiers with few financial resources have particular problems ; others may have resources but do not recognise the need for repairs .

It 's important to see care not as a set of isolated services but as a package and to coordinate that effectively .
it 's important to see care not as a set of [alone] services but as a package and to coordinate that effectively .

The majority of the deaf and dumb were still leading wretched and isolated lives , scattered all over the country singly or in small groups , untouched by change and ignorant of the world at large .
the majority of the deaf and dumb were still leading wretched and [alone] lives , scattered all over the country singly or in small groups , untouched by change and ignorant of the world at large .

Aimed at the special needs of adult women and girls , the principal objects of the Auxiliary , were , a ) `` the banding of our women workers in more effectual cooperation and spiritual union , b ) the seeking out and befriending of isolated cases and , c ) the general deepening of the interest of hearing persons in the cause of the deaf and dumb `` .
aimed at the special needs of adult women and girls , the principal objects of the auxiliary , were , a ) `` the banding of our women workers in more effectual cooperation and spiritual union , b ) the seeking out and befriending of [alone] cases and , c ) the general deepening of the interest of hearing persons in the cause of the deaf and dumb `` .

This is the expression of a man deeply committed to the practical development of the Soviet socialist state , dismissive of esoteric philosophical debates which fail to take into account the material conditions of the socialist experiment , and preoccupied above all with the need to defend an increasingly isolated Soviet Union from potentially damaging criticisms , however well intentioned they might be .
this is the expression of a man deeply committed to the practical development of the soviet socialist state , dismissive of esoteric philosophical debates which fail to take into account the material conditions of the socialist experiment , and preoccupied above all with the need to defend an increasingly [alone] soviet union from potentially damaging criticisms , however well intentioned they might be .

Attention was focused instead on a witch-hunt of an isolated French communist party articulating working class demands but marginalised by dead-end sectarian politics .
attention was focused instead on a witch-hunt of an [alone] french communist party articulating working class demands but marginalised by dead-end sectarian politics .

When a concerted and invasive effort has been made to find acid fast rods in sarcoid tissue they seem to be present , and acid fast bacteria without cell walls and tuberculostearic acid have also been isolated from lesions of patients with sarcoidosis .
when a concerted and invasive effort has been made to find acid fast rods in sarcoid tissue they seem to be present , and acid fast bacteria without cell walls and tuberculostearic acid have also been [alone] from lesions of patients with sarcoidosis .

For example , it has been shown in certain studies that providing health care to some more isolated rural populations is more expensive than in less sparsely populated areas .
for example , it has been shown in certain studies that providing health care to some more [alone] rural populations is more expensive than in less sparsely populated areas .

’ Certainly , we deplore the practice of aborting fetuses because they have gastroschisis or isolated tracheo-oesophageal fistulla or oesophageal atresia .
’ certainly , we deplore the practice of aborting fetuses because they have gastroschisis or [alone] tracheo-oesophageal fistulla or oesophageal atresia .

Similarly , the survival of infants with tracheo-oesophageal fistula as an isolated abnormality is close to 100 % .
similarly , the survival of infants with tracheo-oesophageal fistula as an [alone] abnormality is close to 100 % .

Adapting the curriculum just for children with special educational needs may lead to their becoming increasingly isolated and segregated within the classroom .
adapting the curriculum just for children with special educational needs may lead to their becoming increasingly [alone] and segregated within the classroom .

Women are much more isolated , since their culture and religion control their public appearances .
women are much more [alone] , since their culture and religion control their public appearances .

Parsons ' view is that the modern industrial family is relatively isolated from society , certainly more so than its pre-industrial predecessor .
parsons ' view is that the modern industrial family is relatively [alone] from society , certainly more so than its pre-industrial predecessor .

The idea that industrialization created the relatively isolated nuclear family has been very influential in the sociology of the family and has stimulated a wide range of studies , many of which have been critical .
the idea that industrialization created the relatively [alone] nuclear family has been very influential in the sociology of the family and has stimulated a wide range of studies , many of which have been critical .

For a short time at least families became relatively less isolated .
for a short time at least families became relatively less [alone] .

One of the conclusions of this research is that nuclear families are not isolated but are actually placed in a network of relationships with kin and others .
one of the conclusions of this research is that nuclear families are not [alone] but are actually placed in a network of relationships with kin and others .

Many of these people will feel lonely and socially isolated , especially if they are very old and , hence , relatively inactive .
many of these people will feel lonely and socially [alone] , especially if they are very old and , hence , relatively inactive .

They are also often isolated .
they are also often [alone] .

If there is one family type in contemporary Britain , it is one that is not isolated from wider family connections .
if there is one family type in contemporary britain , it is one that is not [alone] from wider family connections .

However , the image of modern families as isolated and inward-looking does not only extend to relationships with kin .
however , the image of modern families as [alone] and inward-looking does not only extend to relationships with kin .

Other things will have to be altered as well , of course , for the date of the election is not an isolated fact ( there are no isolated facts , which is why there can not be a world similar to ours in every respect except one ) .
other things will have to be altered as well , of course , for the date of the election is not an [alone] fact ( there are no [alone] facts , which is why there can not be a world similar to ours in every respect except one ) .

Yet if we are going to approach language as isolated artificially constructed sentences , even if only occasionally and for limited purposes , we do need to make a case for this , and not just do it because that is the tradition : in the mother tongue classroom , for the foreign language learner , or in linguistics .
yet if we are going to approach language as [alone] artificially constructed sentences , even if only occasionally and for limited purposes , we do need to make a case for this , and not just do it because that is the tradition : in the mother tongue classroom , for the foreign language learner , or in linguistics .

The first known students of language in the Western tradition , the scholars of Greece and Rome , were aware of these different approaches too , and divided grammar from rhetoric , the former being concerned with the rules of language as an isolated object , the latter with how to do things with words , to achieve effects , and communicate successfully with people in particular contexts .
the first known students of language in the western tradition , the scholars of greece and rome , were aware of these different approaches too , and divided grammar from rhetoric , the former being concerned with the rules of language as an [alone] object , the latter with how to do things with words , to achieve effects , and communicate successfully with people in particular contexts .

Examining these theories from pragmatics will involve us in a substantial digression from our main concern : which is to account for our intuitions of coherence and thus gain insight into the needs of the language learner , who after all aims to be able to produce coherent discourse , not isolated sentences .
examining these theories from pragmatics will involve us in a substantial digression from our main concern : which is to account for our intuitions of coherence and thus gain insight into the needs of the language learner , who after all aims to be able to produce coherent discourse , not [alone] sentences .

Many students , teachers , educationalists , and examiners like to deal with things which can be classified as clearly right or wrong , and perhaps this is one reason why they have favoured an atomistic approach to foreign language learning , for communication is hard to assess , whereas isolated levels like grammar and vocabulary are much easier .
many students , teachers , educationalists , and examiners like to deal with things which can be classified as clearly right or wrong , and perhaps this is one reason why they have favoured an atomistic approach to foreign language learning , for communication is hard to assess , whereas [alone] levels like grammar and vocabulary are much easier .

One outcome of this narrow view of data is that there is a concentration on ‘ artificially contrived sentences isolated from their communicative context ’ ( see Preface to Givón ( ed . )
one outcome of this narrow view of data is that there is a concentration on ‘ artificially contrived sentences [alone] from their communicative context ’ ( see preface to givón ( ed . )

The birds normally live in isolated pairs , but at some times of the year they congregate in great numbers on particular sites on river banks .
the birds normally live in [alone] pairs , but at some times of the year they congregate in great numbers on particular sites on river banks .

The word ’ perceptron ’ can mean just one isolated computational node , like a single neurone ; but it is often taken to mean an entire device with many layers and many nodes in each layer .
the word ’ perceptron ’ can mean just one [alone] computational node , like a single neurone ; but it is often taken to mean an entire device with many layers and many nodes in each layer .

Some points may be isolated , and are best left as such .
some points may be [alone] , and are best left as such .

What it does have — and this is a very important thing for me , having lived for so many years in an isolated place — is a certain amount of privacy .
what it does have — and this is a very important thing for me , having lived for so many years in an [alone] place — is a certain amount of privacy .

They , too , added a school to their chapel and the Wesleyan message spread swiftly into the more remote corners — the far-flung network of small and isolated communities like Baldersdale
they , too , added a school to their chapel and the wesleyan message spread swiftly into the more remote corners — the far-flung network of small and [alone] communities like baldersdale

It was thought likely that some substantial Teesdale farmer might buy all three , ranch the land and sell off the house as a weekend cottage — a regrettably common practice which has been partially responsible for the steady depopulation of the Dales , particularly the more isolated places .
it was thought likely that some substantial teesdale farmer might buy all three , ranch the land and sell off the house as a weekend cottage — a regrettably common practice which has been partially responsible for the steady depopulation of the dales , particularly the more [alone] places .

Andrew , who 's now 37 — he was 24 when he played a 19-year-old in Butterflies — lives with his pretty , dark-haired wife , Abigail and their children Joshua , three , and 18-month-old Kate , in an isolated cottage surrounded by beautiful Surrey countryside .
andrew , who 's now 37 — he was 24 when he played a 19-year-old in butterflies — lives with his pretty , dark-haired wife , abigail and their children joshua , three , and 18-month-old kate , in an [alone] cottage surrounded by beautiful surrey countryside .

Serbia today is a sad and isolated country .
serbia today is a sad and [alone] country .

Dr Rydell points out that this coincides neatly with the bats ' occupation of maternity roosts , most of which are in more or less isolated houses in areas without street lights .
dr rydell points out that this coincides neatly with the bats ' occupation of maternity roosts , most of which are in more or less [alone] houses in areas without street lights .

If we are to do better than just preserving a few isolated museum forests , then major land reform is essential .
if we are to do better than just preserving a few [alone] museum forests , then major land reform is essential .

Usa alone : The family member becomes progressively isolated from friends and from all social contact as the process of " helping " becomes more absorbing .
usa alone : the family member becomes progressively [alone] from friends and from all social contact as the process of " helping " becomes more absorbing .

And then the disease smashes in yet again , utterly arrogant in its demand for total control , determined to have all the answers in any discussion , determined to make everyone else feel helpless , frustrated , angry and isolated and determined to use words and actions of the sufferer to its own absolute advantage .
and then the disease smashes in yet again , utterly arrogant in its demand for total control , determined to have all the answers in any discussion , determined to make everyone else feel helpless , frustrated , angry and [alone] and determined to use words and actions of the sufferer to its own absolute advantage .

Mark 's promise that the Holy Spirit will look after their words when arraigned before councils for the sake of the gospel is brought into the Mission Charge by Matthew : it seems clear that he is looking forward from an isolated incident in the ministry of Jesus to the continuing mission of the post-resurrection church of which he was a member .
mark 's promise that the holy spirit will look after their words when arraigned before councils for the sake of the gospel is brought into the mission charge by matthew : it seems clear that he is looking forward from an [alone] incident in the ministry of jesus to the continuing mission of the post-resurrection church of which he was a member .

As in Matthew , the isolated promise of the Spirit in the Mission Charge points beyond the resurrection to the days when they really are engaged in the mission .
as in matthew , the [alone] promise of the spirit in the mission charge points beyond the resurrection to the days when they really are engaged in the mission .

Below them were straight roads ridged above the fields , with villages strung along them as if clinging to the security of high ground ; isolated farms with their roofs so low that they looked half submerged in the peat ; an occasional church tower standing majestically apart from its village with the gravestones planted round it like crooked teeth .
below them were straight roads ridged above the fields , with villages strung along them as if clinging to the security of high ground ; [alone] farms with their roofs so low that they looked half submerged in the peat ; an occasional church tower standing majestically apart from its village with the gravestones planted round it like crooked teeth .

It stood about a quarter of a mile from the house in a triple circle of beech trees , an isolated building so small and perfect that it looked like an architect 's model precisely set in a fabricated landscape , or an elegant ecclesiastical folly , justifying itself only by its classical purity , as distanced from religion as it was from life .
it stood about a quarter of a mile from the house in a triple circle of beech trees , an [alone] building so small and perfect that it looked like an architect 's model precisely set in a fabricated landscape , or an elegant ecclesiastical folly , justifying itself only by its classical purity , as distanced from religion as it was from life .

The Government can not be unaware that women are frightened to travel alone at night in isolated places , to wait in bus depots where no staff are present , or to be dropped off at bus-rail links at isolated railway stations where there is no one to guard them against possible danger .
the government can not be unaware that women are frightened to travel alone at night in [alone] places , to wait in bus depots where no staff are present , or to be dropped off at bus-rail links at [alone] railway stations where there is no one to guard them against possible danger .

With Lassus the last notable Netherland madrigalists — Sweelinck 's four isolated examples hardly make him ‘ notable ' — were de Monte , his pupil ‘ Giovanni ’ de Macque ( 1551–1614 ) , and Giaches de Wert .
with lassus the last notable netherland madrigalists — sweelinck 's four [alone] examples hardly make him ‘ notable ' — were de monte , his pupil ‘ giovanni ’ de macque ( 1551–1614 ) , and giaches de wert .

Table 11.1 illustrates how poor behaviour provokes evermore interest and attention as , paradoxically , pupils become literally and metaphorically isolated — the educational equivalent of irresistibly poking a sore tooth with your tongue .
table 11.1 illustrates how poor behaviour provokes evermore interest and attention as , paradoxically , pupils become literally and metaphorically [alone] — the educational equivalent of irresistibly poking a sore tooth with your tongue .

The corollary is that some areas will be better placed to initiate a shift away from the isolated role of special schools .
the corollary is that some areas will be better placed to initiate a shift away from the [alone] role of special schools .

Consequently , it is recognized that what is offered can only be a highly personal and limited selection of developments in disciplines other than financial management , with a few isolated ideas on linkages between them .
consequently , it is recognized that what is offered can only be a highly personal and limited selection of developments in disciplines other than financial management , with a few [alone] ideas on linkages between them .

The farmhouse at Clogau became too small and too isolated .
the farmhouse at clogau became too small and too [alone] .

The latter have lacked an effective spokesman partly because the Polytechnic of Wales which , in other circumstances , might have been able to give a lead , is in an isolated position , being the only one of its kind in the Principality .
the latter have lacked an effective spokesman partly because the polytechnic of wales which , in other circumstances , might have been able to give a lead , is in an [alone] position , being the only one of its kind in the principality .

He first isolated pure lines of eight paired traits ; of which we shall confine ourselves to the lines of tall ’ and ‘ short ’ peas .
he first [alone] pure lines of eight paired traits ; of which we shall confine ourselves to the lines of tall ’ and ‘ short ’ peas .

If crickets learn their song , the experimentally isolated males should not be able to sing a cricket song .
if crickets learn their song , the experimentally [alone] males should not be able to sing a cricket song .

If , however , the isolated bird is played a tape recorded song of its own species , it will later be able to sing it normally .
if , however , the [alone] bird is played a tape recorded song of its own species , it will later be able to sing it normally .

We have already seen that male song birds , isolated from the sounds of their own species , do not develop a normal song ; but considerably more is known concerning what auditory experiences are needed , at what time , in order for the bird to learn to sing properly .
we have already seen that male song birds , [alone] from the sounds of their own species , do not develop a normal song ; but considerably more is known concerning what auditory experiences are needed , at what time , in order for the bird to learn to sing properly .

In an isolation experiment , animals are isolated from their normal environment at birth ; they have no opportunity of normal learning .
in an isolation experiment , animals are [alone] from their normal environment at birth ; they have no opportunity of normal learning .

This is n't an isolated incident .
this is n't an [alone] incident .

In contrast , female domestic servants led isolated work lives prior to marriage and their marriages usually involved a traditional sexual division of labour ; but they also tended to enjoy a joint role relationship with their husbands in the sense that the husband spent his non-working hours with his wife and children , and they too tended to be successful in limiting the size of their families .
in contrast , female domestic servants led [alone] work lives prior to marriage and their marriages usually involved a traditional sexual division of labour ; but they also tended to enjoy a joint role relationship with their husbands in the sense that the husband spent his non-working hours with his wife and children , and they too tended to be successful in limiting the size of their families .

However , working class wives living on the new housing estates of the inter-war period often had little but housework to occupy their days and , like many suburban middle class wives , tended to lead extremely isolated lives .
however , working class wives living on the new housing estates of the inter-war period often had little but housework to occupy their days and , like many suburban middle class wives , tended to lead extremely [alone] lives .

Quite possibly this sense of self-worth was lost by the relatively isolated suburban wife of the regularly employed man during the inter-war period .
quite possibly this sense of self-worth was lost by the relatively [alone] suburban wife of the regularly employed man during the inter-war period .

But this sculpture remains an isolated example , emphasizing the fact that in its earliest stage Cubism was primarily a pictorial revolution .
but this sculpture remains an [alone] example , emphasizing the fact that in its earliest stage cubism was primarily a pictorial revolution .

Nature of task — in work-groups , the production system , including the type of technology used , has a major effect on groups eg high-technology plant often disperses employees into isolated couples incapable of forming satisfactory groups .
nature of task — in work-groups , the production system , including the type of technology used , has a major effect on groups eg high-technology plant often disperses employees into [alone] couples incapable of forming satisfactory groups .

Interaction within groups has been the subject of study by social scientists , and a number of different behaviour categories have been isolated .
interaction within groups has been the subject of study by social scientists , and a number of different behaviour categories have been [alone] .

Prior to the mid 1960s , pollution issues received only limited and sporadic attention from a public whose interest was largely restricted to rather isolated localized pollution issues and the occasional air pollution episode .
prior to the mid 1960s , pollution issues received only limited and sporadic attention from a public whose interest was largely restricted to rather [alone] localized pollution issues and the occasional air pollution episode .

Filter papers were cut out of sheets of ‘ bibulous paper ’ ; and complex distillations , such as that in which Faraday isolated benzene , could be done in zig-zag glass tubes .
filter papers were cut out of sheets of ‘ bibulous paper ’ ; and complex distillations , such as that in which faraday [alone] benzene , could be done in zig-zag glass tubes .

Morris did n't seem lonely or isolated himself , but a hard shell was usually a sign of vulnerability underneath .
morris did n't seem lonely or [alone] himself , but a hard shell was usually a sign of vulnerability underneath .

Yes , they knew these names ; even isolated out here , they knew of Crom Croich .
yes , they knew these names ; even [alone] out here , they knew of crom croich .

An influential work on this question of isolated groups which fail to modernise was written in the late 1950s by the sociologist Edward Banfield .
an influential work on this question of [alone] groups which fail to modernise was written in the late 1950s by the sociologist edward banfield .

Those of us who stayed faithful to the project found ourselves isolated , our findings met by polite scepticism at best .
those of us who stayed faithful to the project found ourselves [alone] , our findings met by polite scepticism at best .

This behaviour , or its neural analogue , can , it is argued , be ‘ isolated ’ within the animal by progressively reduced cell populations .
this behaviour , or its neural analogue , can , it is argued , be ‘ [alone] ’ within the animal by progressively reduced cell populations .

This isolated and reduced preparation could then be used to ask where habituation occurred — that is , which bits of the circuit showed reduced outputs in response to repeated stimulation .
this [alone] and reduced preparation could then be used to ask where habituation occurred — that is , which bits of the circuit showed reduced outputs in response to repeated stimulation .

As a result , Kandel began to make the sort of experiments that those working on the biochemistry of memory had already been struggling with ; adding radioactive precursors of protein to isolated ganglia or to cells in a dish , trying to identify the protein products , and to distinguish those made uniquely or in raised quantities during memory formation from the many others .
as a result , kandel began to make the sort of experiments that those working on the biochemistry of memory had already been struggling with ; adding radioactive precursors of protein to [alone] ganglia or to cells in a dish , trying to identify the protein products , and to distinguish those made uniquely or in raised quantities during memory formation from the many others .

Despite the remarkable analogy between habituation and sensitization in the intact Aplysia and the responses of its isolated sensory-motor synapse , which certainly fulfil some of my criteria , there is a conspicuous gap in the logic .
despite the remarkable analogy between habituation and sensitization in the intact aplysia and the responses of its [alone] sensory-motor synapse , which certainly fulfil some of my criteria , there is a conspicuous gap in the logic .

On thawing in spring the fine soil collapses and falls past the stones , which thus become isolated at the surface and encircle the actively freezing and thawing material .
on thawing in spring the fine soil collapses and falls past the stones , which thus become [alone] at the surface and encircle the actively freezing and thawing material .

Angiosperms are usually tiny , growing in isolated clusters and nowhere forming the bulk of the cover .
angiosperms are usually tiny , growing in [alone] clusters and nowhere forming the bulk of the cover .

Others , for example Watts Lake , began as marine inlets but were isolated by isostatic uplift and washed free of salt water by melting land ice ; there are also saline lakes of similar origin ( see below ) .
others , for example watts lake , began as marine inlets but were [alone] by isostatic uplift and washed free of salt water by melting land ice ; there are also saline lakes of similar origin ( see below ) .

Because of its inaccessibility , the marine ecology of the Arctic basin is poorly known ; most studies have been made from isolated shore stations off Alaska , Canada or Greenland ( see for example Alexander , 1974 ; Bursa , 1961 ; Cairns , 1967 , Clasby et al .
because of its inaccessibility , the marine ecology of the arctic basin is poorly known ; most studies have been made from [alone] shore stations off alaska , canada or greenland ( see for example alexander , 1974 ; bursa , 1961 ; cairns , 1967 , clasby et al .

Protected by their icy environment , northern folk were for long virtually isolated from southern influences .
protected by their icy environment , northern folk were for long virtually [alone] from southern influences .

She was close enough to the dead man to arrange to meet him at an isolated spot without arousing suspicions .
she was close enough to the dead man to arrange to meet him at an [alone] spot without arousing suspicions .

The two figures stood , isolated and alone , in the depths of Hyde Park at two o'clock in the morning .
the two figures stood , [alone] and alone , in the depths of hyde park at two o'clock in the morning .

On the other hand , a gap or mismatch between rhetoric and reality might reflect a gulf between head and staff , and indeed the discrepancies were most marked in schools where heads were relatively isolated , where communication was poor , and where class teachers were not involved in policy matters .
on the other hand , a gap or mismatch between rhetoric and reality might reflect a gulf between head and staff , and indeed the discrepancies were most marked in schools where heads were relatively [alone] , where communication was poor , and where class teachers were not involved in policy matters .

From his discussion of how such isolated clans as the Macraes , in such hollows of the world as Auchnasheal , repel all boarders , Johnson opens up a discussion of how mankind in this condition regulates itself .
from his discussion of how such [alone] clans as the macraes , in such hollows of the world as auchnasheal , repel all boarders , johnson opens up a discussion of how mankind in this condition regulates itself .

While there may have been isolated instances which appear to confirm this interpretation ( for example , in 1970 the Soviet Union bought up Costa Rica 's excess of coffee , which may well have been a factor contributing to the establishment of diplomatic relations the following year ) , other such instances have been similarly small-scale and the evidence overall is against it .
while there may have been [alone] instances which appear to confirm this interpretation ( for example , in 1970 the soviet union bought up costa rica 's excess of coffee , which may well have been a factor contributing to the establishment of diplomatic relations the following year ) , other such instances have been similarly small-scale and the evidence overall is against it .

They had conducted the same argument , at intervals , since the days after they had realised that they were isolated on an alien world .
they had conducted the same argument , at intervals , since the days after they had realised that they were [alone] on an alien world .

With few exceptions , labor violence was the result of isolated and usually unplanned acts on a picket line , or occurred on a prohibited parade or demonstration protesting employer obduracy or police brutality .
with few exceptions , labor violence was the result of [alone] and usually unplanned acts on a picket line , or occurred on a prohibited parade or demonstration protesting employer obduracy or police brutality .

1 There shall be no more novels in which a group of people , isolated by circumstances , revert to the ‘ natural condition ’ of man , become essential , poor , bare , forked creatures .
1 there shall be no more novels in which a group of people , [alone] by circumstances , revert to the ‘ natural condition ’ of man , become essential , poor , bare , forked creatures .

It was isolated , yet close to Rouen and thence to Paris .
it was [alone] , yet close to rouen and thence to paris .

This is a sinister view of the world of simulacra and simulation described by Jean Baudrillard , the world in which people have the illusion of being actively hooked into vast information networks , whereas in fact they are only the passive recipients of processed data , more and more isolated in front of their televisions and their computer screens ( 1970:186–91 , 1981:121–31 ) .
this is a sinister view of the world of simulacra and simulation described by jean baudrillard , the world in which people have the illusion of being actively hooked into vast information networks , whereas in fact they are only the passive recipients of processed data , more and more [alone] in front of their televisions and their computer screens ( 1970:186–91 , 1981:121–31 ) .

In this pub it was the dark emptiness , the isolated figures clutching their half-empty glasses , eyes transfixed by the jumble of images on the television screen high on the wall .
in this pub it was the dark emptiness , the [alone] figures clutching their half-empty glasses , eyes transfixed by the jumble of images on the television screen high on the wall .

But that was an isolated case .
but that was an [alone] case .

In which specific isolated streaks ,
in which specific [alone] streaks ,

geographically isolated and add-ons to mainstream provision .
geographically [alone] and add-ons to mainstream provision .

But you do n't need to feel isolated .
but you do n't need to feel [alone] .

Other bays have restaurants , and yet others are quite isolated .
other bays have restaurants , and yet others are quite [alone] .

Beyond the bay and within easy sailing distance are attractive pine fringed coves , quiet sandy beaches , isolated waterside tavernas , small seaside hamlets and the island of Spetse .
beyond the bay and within easy sailing distance are attractive pine fringed coves , quiet sandy beaches , [alone] waterside tavernas , small seaside hamlets and the island of spetse .

Men are often held in establishments near the scene of the purported crime , and these can be very isolated and miles from home .
men are often held in establishments near the scene of the purported crime , and these can be very [alone] and miles from home .

Between them , on a stretch of featureless coastline that runs for about forty miles , is a score of small , isolated settlements .
between them , on a stretch of featureless coastline that runs for about forty miles , is a score of small , [alone] settlements .

His is not an isolated story — to this day many people report hearing or seeing a strange presence on the slopes of the mountain .
his is not an [alone] story — to this day many people report hearing or seeing a strange presence on the slopes of the mountain .

One small colony remained all the time on their beach , an isolated solitary place of grey pebbles below greenish breakwaters ; high above them the blind-eyed office blocks glittered pink and yellow in the sun .
one small colony remained all the time on their beach , an [alone] solitary place of grey pebbles below greenish breakwaters ; high above them the blind-eyed office blocks glittered pink and yellow in the sun .

They had decided to make for a small river valley in which there was an isolated church reached by a footpath across fields .
they had decided to make for a small river valley in which there was an [alone] church reached by a footpath across fields .

The Dronfield affair was not an isolated incident .
the dronfield affair was not an [alone] incident .

Despite the clearly negative context within which committed groups and isolated individuals were being forced to operate , the workshop presentations were a powerful testimony of the inventiveness and determination of the membership of the National Council for Mother Tongue Teaching .
despite the clearly negative context within which committed groups and [alone] individuals were being forced to operate , the workshop presentations were a powerful testimony of the inventiveness and determination of the membership of the national council for mother tongue teaching .

Elsewhere metropolitan Britain existed in isolated outliers : including the Hampshire coast , parts of East Anglia , Bristol/Bath , North-east England , South Wales and the South Devon coast .
elsewhere metropolitan britain existed in [alone] outliers : including the hampshire coast , parts of east anglia , bristol/bath , north-east england , south wales and the south devon coast .

Some of them can be isolated .
some of them can be [alone] .

There was , however , another crucial difference between Darwin 's position and that of his contemporaries : he believed that , when members of a species were transported to a new location , they might sometimes establish themselves even if the conditions were not identical to those of the homeland , in which case the isolated population would adapt to the new environment and eventually be transformed into a distinct species .
there was , however , another crucial difference between darwin 's position and that of his contemporaries : he believed that , when members of a species were transported to a new location , they might sometimes establish themselves even if the conditions were not identical to those of the homeland , in which case the [alone] population would adapt to the new environment and eventually be transformed into a distinct species .

The model provided by the Galapagos islands showed how a group of physically isolated populations produced by migration might adapt to their new environments .
the model provided by the galapagos islands showed how a group of physically [alone] populations produced by migration might adapt to their new environments .

Earlier , less advanced forms were driven south by the expansion of superior types in Asia , Africa and America , but occasionally a barrier appeared that held back the advance and allowed the earlier forms to take refuge in an isolated southern area .
earlier , less advanced forms were driven south by the expansion of superior types in asia , africa and america , but occasionally a barrier appeared that held back the advance and allowed the earlier forms to take refuge in an [alone] southern area .

He proposed a theory in which the germ plasm was totally isolated from the adult body that transmits it to future generations .
he proposed a theory in which the germ plasm was totally [alone] from the adult body that transmits it to future generations .

Throughout this period , marine ecology remained isolated from other branches of the science .
throughout this period , marine ecology remained [alone] from other branches of the science .

‘ Fernley House is not an isolated incident , ’ said Rohmer .
‘ fernley house is not an [alone] incident , ’ said rohmer .

They drove most of the remainder of the journey in silence , speeding through Kent into West Sussex , along roads flanked by hedges and trees , past isolated houses and farms .
they drove most of the remainder of the journey in silence , speeding through kent into west sussex , along roads flanked by hedges and trees , past [alone] houses and farms .

These exhibits were mostly just single figures , not set out in any kind of tableau , but isolated in their stage clothes with just a name plate for company .
these exhibits were mostly just single figures , not set out in any kind of tableau , but [alone] in their stage clothes with just a name plate for company .

Unless the total values stored in one risk are limited and highly hazardous commodities such as flammable liquids are isolated from them , and unless they are adequately protected by sprinklers , it will become increasingly difficult to obtain insurance cover .
unless the total values stored in one risk are limited and highly hazardous commodities such as flammable liquids are [alone] from them , and unless they are adequately protected by sprinklers , it will become increasingly difficult to obtain insurance cover .

Effects like these are far from isolated and would seem to indicate a deeper and more worrying problem with the actual System itself .
effects like these are far from [alone] and would seem to indicate a deeper and more worrying problem with the actual system itself .

Trade union organisation provides a very important basis of opposition , preventing any single group of workers from being isolated .
trade union organisation provides a very important basis of opposition , preventing any single group of workers from being [alone] .

meaninglessness — he feels isolated from organisational goals ;
meaninglessness — he feels [alone] from organisational goals ;

Apart from a few still lifes , interiors , and landscapes , the pictures of Gwen John 's artistic maturity are all female portraits , usually of a model known only as ‘ the convalescent ’ , the monumental figure isolated or before a simple background .
apart from a few still lifes , interiors , and landscapes , the pictures of gwen john 's artistic maturity are all female portraits , usually of a model known only as ‘ the convalescent ’ , the monumental figure [alone] or before a simple background .

Keyes 's childhood was lonely and isolated .
keyes 's childhood was lonely and [alone] .

His atheist views , his contradictory and somewhat unscientific analyses , his dismissive attitude towards women , and his convinced hereditarianism created notoriety and left him isolated .
his atheist views , his contradictory and somewhat unscientific analyses , his dismissive attitude towards women , and his convinced hereditarianism created notoriety and left him [alone] .

This was achieved partly by a classical series of experiments to study the action of acetylcholine and atropine on their targets ( receptors ) in ‘ simple ’ test objects such as the isolated heart of the frog , and partly by a painstaking and even-handed re-evaluation of the welter of information of very variable quality that was already available .
this was achieved partly by a classical series of experiments to study the action of acetylcholine and atropine on their targets ( receptors ) in ‘ simple ’ test objects such as the [alone] heart of the frog , and partly by a painstaking and even-handed re-evaluation of the welter of information of very variable quality that was already available .

His stark but also amusing topographical poem ‘ Brent ’ describes the place as ‘ nature 's gaol ’ , where winter flooding leaves its inhabitants isolated with scant food and ‘ unwholesome ale ’ .
his stark but also amusing topographical poem ‘ brent ’ describes the place as ‘ nature 's gaol ’ , where winter flooding leaves its inhabitants [alone] with scant food and ‘ unwholesome ale ’ .

Because he was so isolated physically , and knew only a handful of fellow artists — his friends did include John Minton [ q.v . ]
because he was so [alone] physically , and knew only a handful of fellow artists — his friends did include john minton [ q.v . ]

And yet men do have reason to be concerned if , on these occasions , women find their lonely anger or isolated oppression is understood and shared by other women , so that personal struggles take on political dimensions .
and yet men do have reason to be concerned if , on these occasions , women find their lonely anger or [alone] oppression is understood and shared by other women , so that personal struggles take on political dimensions .

All this chaff makes me feel uneasy and isolated — or rather , did make me .
all this chaff makes me feel uneasy and [alone] — or rather , did make me .

The surgeon is isolated by his deed , his unnatural callousness lit by a cold clinical glare .
the surgeon is [alone] by his deed , his unnatural callousness lit by a cold clinical glare .

Without Maurin , and with no inclination to ask Barbara Coleman , Joseph had isolated himself .
without maurin , and with no inclination to ask barbara coleman , joseph had [alone] himself .

As a rule , people do not hear single isolated words , and in the great majority of cases any word we hear is preceded by a context which could in principle be used to assist word recognition .
as a rule , people do not hear single [alone] words , and in the great majority of cases any word we hear is preceded by a context which could in principle be used to assist word recognition .

There is no reason ( as there might be with spontaneous speech ) why the patient should choose to utter the isolated content words here and not the isolated function words .
there is no reason ( as there might be with spontaneous speech ) why the patient should choose to utter the [alone] content words here and not the [alone] function words .

Otherwise , slightly affected fish should be isolated and put into a solution of white spot cure based upon quinine salts .
otherwise , slightly affected fish should be [alone] and put into a solution of white spot cure based upon quinine salts .

’ He had been at sea on the Chilean coast most of his life , running cargoes between the isolated ports of the southern waterways , a marvellous-looking old man , big gnarled hands warped with rheumatism and a long wrinkled face , little lines running out from his eyes , which were slitted as though he were permanently peering out into fog .
’ he had been at sea on the chilean coast most of his life , running cargoes between the [alone] ports of the southern waterways , a marvellous-looking old man , big gnarled hands warped with rheumatism and a long wrinkled face , little lines running out from his eyes , which were slitted as though he were permanently peering out into fog .

First , there is the degree to which the military is isolated from the rest of society .
first , there is the degree to which the military is [alone] from the rest of society .

Clearly , in modern times a volunteer army is likely to be more isolated than a conscript army , and any process of ‘ professionalization ’ is likely to remove the norms and values of soldiers further from their civilian origins .
clearly , in modern times a volunteer army is likely to be more [alone] than a conscript army , and any process of ‘ professionalization ’ is likely to remove the norms and values of soldiers further from their civilian origins .

Once process variables had been isolated and quantified then the interaction of dynamic process variables with spatially distributed variability of soil properties could be investigated ( Trudgill , 1983 ) .
once process variables had been [alone] and quantified then the interaction of dynamic process variables with spatially distributed variability of soil properties could be investigated ( trudgill , 1983 ) .

The three types of systems which are distinguished are isolated systems which have boundaries which are closed to the import and export of both mass and energy ; open systems where there is exchange of both matter and energy between the system and its environment , such as clouds ; and closed systems in which there is no exchange of matter between the system and its environment though there is in general an exchange of energy .
the three types of systems which are distinguished are [alone] systems which have boundaries which are closed to the import and export of both mass and energy ; open systems where there is exchange of both matter and energy between the system and its environment , such as clouds ; and closed systems in which there is no exchange of matter between the system and its environment though there is in general an exchange of energy .

She felt solitary and isolated , as though she were missing out on something very necessary , while the others discussed their families , raising their eyes to heaven , complaining about the circumstances of their lives in that particular way women do when they do n't really want to change a thing .
she felt solitary and [alone] , as though she were missing out on something very necessary , while the others discussed their families , raising their eyes to heaven , complaining about the circumstances of their lives in that particular way women do when they do n't really want to change a thing .

Isolated notes , simple melodic figures , or bell-like ostinati suit it well .
[alone] notes , simple melodic figures , or bell-like ostinati suit it well .

Secondly , Panzer has noticed solution forms at the base of several small isolated rocks , which would not have sufficient surface area to allow a large amount of surface water to collect .
secondly , panzer has noticed solution forms at the base of several small [alone] rocks , which would not have sufficient surface area to allow a large amount of surface water to collect .

This can be seen in the example of river action : in climates with rain at all seasons erosion and deposition are almost continuous except in so far as they are varied by floods ; in areas marginal to ice sheets the short periods of summer thaw , which result in enormous increases in the discharge of meltwater streams issuing from the ice , are the significant ones ; in deserts it may well be that the isolated rainfall , occurring perhaps once every five or ten years , is of greater significance than anything else .
this can be seen in the example of river action : in climates with rain at all seasons erosion and deposition are almost continuous except in so far as they are varied by floods ; in areas marginal to ice sheets the short periods of summer thaw , which result in enormous increases in the discharge of meltwater streams issuing from the ice , are the significant ones ; in deserts it may well be that the [alone] rainfall , occurring perhaps once every five or ten years , is of greater significance than anything else .

As Haynes points out , the planning process reflected this in that it ‘ usually took the form of a series of isolated , departmental exercises which lacked any common framework of reference apart from the central control of financial input ’ ( Haynes , 1980 , p. 82 ) .
as haynes points out , the planning process reflected this in that it ‘ usually took the form of a series of [alone] , departmental exercises which lacked any common framework of reference apart from the central control of financial input ’ ( haynes , 1980 , p. 82 ) .

Such a course can then remain relatively isolated , or at least on a par with other courses offered within the same institution on a more traditional basis , or act as a focus for further course development ( through the processes of ‘ accretion ’ or ‘ invention discussed in Chapter 2 ) .
such a course can then remain relatively [alone] , or at least on a par with other courses offered within the same institution on a more traditional basis , or act as a focus for further course development ( through the processes of ‘ accretion ’ or ‘ invention discussed in chapter 2 ) .

Rural society was isolated , localized , and subject to recurrent food crises which bred an atmosphere of apprehension and insecurity and led to periodic outbreaks of disorder .
rural society was [alone] , localized , and subject to recurrent food crises which bred an atmosphere of apprehension and insecurity and led to periodic outbreaks of disorder .

With their garrisons at less than half-strength , and the Giants abroad , they are isolated and vulnerable .
with their garrisons at less than half-strength , and the giants abroad , they are [alone] and vulnerable .

Power is not an isolated element and is interwoven , through the occupational and organizational structure , into the action of the caring professionals .
power is not an [alone] element and is interwoven , through the occupational and organizational structure , into the action of the caring professionals .

What people do in retirement is equally important , yet we know comparatively little about this potentially lengthy and possibly isolated experience .
what people do in retirement is equally important , yet we know comparatively little about this potentially lengthy and possibly [alone] experience .

In our project schools the library is no longer isolated , a semi-relevant facility , respected but not used .
in our project schools the library is no longer [alone] , a semi-relevant facility , respected but not used .

‘ No , in Yorkshire . An isolated farmhouse had been rented for them = ’
‘ no , in yorkshire . an [alone] farmhouse had been rented for them = ’

Isolated pockets of alluvium and fluvioglacial material were encountered in various small valleys along the route which had been formed as glacial melt-water channels .
[alone] pockets of alluvium and fluvioglacial material were encountered in various small valleys along the route which had been formed as glacial melt-water channels .

4.8 Ideally , no worker should work alone in an isolated office or building and arrangements should be made to ensure that , as far as possible , this does not happen .
4.8 ideally , no worker should work alone in an [alone] office or building and arrangements should be made to ensure that , as far as possible , this does not happen .

Yet more than 3,000 strains of bacteria have already been isolated , and may potentially contain useful new compounds .
yet more than 3,000 strains of bacteria have already been [alone] , and may potentially contain useful new compounds .

Above all , simple geometric mosaics are found elsewhere in the region , as isolated instances or in contexts where no sophisticated work is known .
above all , simple geometric mosaics are found elsewhere in the region , as [alone] instances or in contexts where no sophisticated work is known .

Although a very elaborate and well executed mosaic however , the saltire pavement — which in one form or another possesses most of the motifs typical of this integral group — is certainly not an isolated example of such richness .
although a very elaborate and well executed mosaic however , the saltire pavement — which in one form or another possesses most of the motifs typical of this integral group — is certainly not an [alone] example of such richness .

On the other hand , concurrent developments in semantics have isolated intractable phenomena of a parallel kind : presuppositions , speech acts and other context-dependent implications , together with troublesome phenomena like honorifics and discourse particles that had long been given short shrift in the work of generative grammarians Further , thought about the nature of the lexicon , and how one might construct a predictive concept of `` possible lexical item `` , has revealed the importance of pragmatic constraints ( see Horn , 1972 ; McCawley , 1978 ; Gazdar , 1979a : 68ff ) .
on the other hand , concurrent developments in semantics have [alone] intractable phenomena of a parallel kind : presuppositions , speech acts and other context-dependent implications , together with troublesome phenomena like honorifics and discourse particles that had long been given short shrift in the work of generative grammarians further , thought about the nature of the lexicon , and how one might construct a predictive concept of `` possible lexical item `` , has revealed the importance of pragmatic constraints ( see horn , 1972 ; mccawley , 1978 ; gazdar , 1979a : 68ff ) .

That children early in language acquisition produce isolated acts of reference , seems to support the view of reference as a speech act ( see Chapter 5 ) that is prototypically `` demonstrative `` ( Lyons , 1975 ; Atkinson , 1979 ) .
that children early in language acquisition produce [alone] acts of reference , seems to support the view of reference as a speech act ( see chapter 5 ) that is prototypically `` demonstrative `` ( lyons , 1975 ; atkinson , 1979 ) .

The construction of large out-of-town shopping developments and isolated housing estates should be opposed on the grounds that they are wasteful of energy resources .
the construction of large out-of-town shopping developments and [alone] housing estates should be opposed on the grounds that they are wasteful of energy resources .

The need for experiments on awake animals is sometimes questioned on the grounds that the answer could be found by studying isolated cells in dishes or by using computers instead of real brains .
the need for experiments on awake animals is sometimes questioned on the grounds that the answer could be found by studying [alone] cells in dishes or by using computers instead of real brains .

There are some secrets which isolated cells or computers can not reveal .
there are some secrets which [alone] cells or computers can not reveal .

No one yet knows how to study such disturbance in isolated cells or how to ‘ measure and treat ’ impaired memory in a computer .
no one yet knows how to study such disturbance in [alone] cells or how to ‘ measure and treat ’ impaired memory in a computer .

Deixis is seen as a fundamental element of human discourse , and a particular discoursal site is isolated where it can be seen operating in a particular way .
deixis is seen as a fundamental element of human discourse , and a particular discoursal site is [alone] where it can be seen operating in a particular way .

4 Whether the relevant information can be easily isolated from other information which the employee is free to use or disclose This to some extent relies on the intelligence and honesty of the employee .
4 whether the relevant information can be easily [alone] from other information which the employee is free to use or disclose this to some extent relies on the intelligence and honesty of the employee .

These are not , furthermore , isolated examples ; in scene four , Anderson has the longest turn ( 86 words compared with the next longest , McKendrick 's 47 ) as he does in the final scene ( 53 words against McKendrick 's 14 ) .
these are not , furthermore , [alone] examples ; in scene four , anderson has the longest turn ( 86 words compared with the next longest , mckendrick 's 47 ) as he does in the final scene ( 53 words against mckendrick 's 14 ) .

Nor can generalised criticism be justified if it is based on one isolated incident .
nor can generalised criticism be justified if it is based on one [alone] incident .

Prosecuting counsel could secure conviction merely by drawing attention to isolated `` purple passages `` taken out of context .
prosecuting counsel could secure conviction merely by drawing attention to [alone] `` purple passages `` taken out of context .

The Select Committee on the Obscene Publications Act had stressed the importance of considering the `` dominant effect `` of the whole work : The contrary view , under which a work could be judged obscene by reference to isolated passages without considering the total effect , would , if taken to its logical conclusion , deprive the reading public of the works of Shakespeare , Chaucer , Fielding and Smollett , except in expurgated editions .
the select committee on the obscene publications act had stressed the importance of considering the `` dominant effect `` of the whole work : the contrary view , under which a work could be judged obscene by reference to [alone] passages without considering the total effect , would , if taken to its logical conclusion , deprive the reading public of the works of shakespeare , chaucer , fielding and smollett , except in expurgated editions .

The effect of the `` dominant impact `` test is to enable the courts to take account of the psychological realities of reading and film viewing , in so far as the audience is affected by theme and style and message , so that isolated incidents of an offensive nature are placed in context .
the effect of the `` dominant impact `` test is to enable the courts to take account of the psychological realities of reading and film viewing , in so far as the audience is affected by theme and style and message , so that [alone] incidents of an offensive nature are placed in context .

Any new animals joining a treated group should receive an anthelmintic and be isolated for 48-72 hours before being introduced .
any new animals joining a treated group should receive an anthelmintic and be [alone] for 48-72 hours before being introduced .

‘ First of all , keep him isolated , at least until we know just what we 're dealing with here .
‘ first of all , keep him [alone] , at least until we know just what we 're dealing with here .

It seemed likely that many isolated sections of the League of Youth would merge into the Young Communist League if the national organization were not restored .
it seemed likely that many [alone] sections of the league of youth would merge into the young communist league if the national organization were not restored .

To protect themselves mamluks returned to their slave markets of origin to purchase boys who were then reared in existing mamluk households creating an isolated military caste to rule Egypt .
to protect themselves mamluks returned to their slave markets of origin to purchase boys who were then reared in existing mamluk households creating an [alone] military caste to rule egypt .

But the timber of woodlands always has a claim to be treated as a commercial crop , and though the making of a tree preservation order does not necessarily involve the owner in any financial loss ( isolated trees or groups of trees are usually planted expressly as an amenity ) , there are occasions when it does .
but the timber of woodlands always has a claim to be treated as a commercial crop , and though the making of a tree preservation order does not necessarily involve the owner in any financial loss ( [alone] trees or groups of trees are usually planted expressly as an amenity ) , there are occasions when it does .

Very often , they are events which are perceived as moving the individual to the periphery of a social group , in effect into a more emotionally or socially isolated position ( Gilbert , 1984 ) .
very often , they are events which are perceived as moving the individual to the periphery of a social group , in effect into a more emotionally or socially [alone] position ( gilbert , 1984 ) .

Parkes 's ( 1980 ) review of random allocation bereavement counselling studies indicated that guidance offered to such socially isolated individuals by trained professionals ( or volunteers backed by professionals ) could reduce their psychiatric risk ( see chapter 9 ) .
parkes 's ( 1980 ) review of random allocation bereavement counselling studies indicated that guidance offered to such socially [alone] individuals by trained professionals ( or volunteers backed by professionals ) could reduce their psychiatric risk ( see chapter 9 ) .

This may prove liberating for many female art students who have felt isolated and marginalised within the notoriously male dominated space of the fine art department .
this may prove liberating for many female art students who have felt [alone] and marginalised within the notoriously male dominated space of the fine art department .

Here in Canada we are badly isolated from regular contact with soccer , so when it comes time for the World Cup , the cable sports network dredges up some living bodies to do the commentary .
here in canada we are badly [alone] from regular contact with soccer , so when it comes time for the world cup , the cable sports network dredges up some living bodies to do the commentary .

Another isolated tropical-type plant in northern Europe is the mistletoe , Viscum album , the only representative of Viscaceae , a pantropical family .
another [alone] tropical-type plant in northern europe is the mistletoe , viscum album , the only representative of viscaceae , a pantropical family .

Ocean currents are important for other coastal plants such as some mangroves ( though none of these has reached the isolated archipelago of Hawaii ) , while seeds of the forest lianes , Entada ( Leguminosae ) , are washed even as far as Europe .
ocean currents are important for other coastal plants such as some mangroves ( though none of these has reached the [alone] archipelago of hawaii ) , while seeds of the forest lianes , entada ( leguminosae ) , are washed even as far as europe .

The various animal-plant interactions can not be isolated from one another , therefore .
the various animal-plant interactions can not be [alone] from one another , therefore .

It is argued that during the dry phases , the humid forests would have been fragmented into island-like refugia ( Figure 7.1 ) of isolated blocks of forest .
it is argued that during the dry phases , the humid forests would have been fragmented into island-like refugia ( figure 7.1 ) of [alone] blocks of forest .

Again , an examination of the isolated neotropical cloud forests by Sugden , shows that under certain conditions , the role of chance in terms of long-distance dispersal may be as important as the environmental factors in promoting diversity .
again , an examination of the [alone] neotropical cloud forests by sugden , shows that under certain conditions , the role of chance in terms of long-distance dispersal may be as important as the environmental factors in promoting diversity .

Many of them are pioneers , characteristic of early successional sequences elsewhere , and are well adapted for long-distance dispersal , so that under isolated circumstances such pioneers can form ‘ mature ’ communities , even though the level of disturbance is low .
many of them are pioneers , characteristic of early successional sequences elsewhere , and are well adapted for long-distance dispersal , so that under [alone] circumstances such pioneers can form ‘ mature ’ communities , even though the level of disturbance is low .

In terms of genotypes , competition between individuals of a very polymorphic species may be less than between related ‘ jordanons ’ ( selfing lines ) or apomictic lines , even though these be isolated genetically from one another .
in terms of genotypes , competition between individuals of a very polymorphic species may be less than between related ‘ jordanons ’ ( selfing lines ) or apomictic lines , even though these be [alone] genetically from one another .

Emigrations to both America and Australia were overland but after the ice-caps melted some 10000 years ago , those populations became isolated from the others .
emigrations to both america and australia were overland but after the ice-caps melted some 10000 years ago , those populations became [alone] from the others .

The belief in ‘ isolated ’ , ‘ primitive ’ hunter-gatherers , rather like the notion of ‘ pristine ’ forest favoured by biologists , is now being replaced by the theory that there seems to have been hundreds and thousands of years of interdependent contact with farmers and even ‘ states ’ .
the belief in ‘ [alone] ’ , ‘ primitive ’ hunter-gatherers , rather like the notion of ‘ pristine ’ forest favoured by biologists , is now being replaced by the theory that there seems to have been hundreds and thousands of years of interdependent contact with farmers and even ‘ states ’ .

Such an idea led to isolated fragmentation of the forest , but in the 10 years up to 1977 over 11000 km of roads were built and settlers moved in .
such an idea led to [alone] fragmentation of the forest , but in the 10 years up to 1977 over 11000 km of roads were built and settlers moved in .

This is no isolated example .
this is no [alone] example .

Four days later , a bemused Virginia was sipping a glass of fresh orange juice on the terrace of Guy Sterne 's isolated and undeniably stylish holiday villa .
four days later , a bemused virginia was sipping a glass of fresh orange juice on the terrace of guy sterne 's [alone] and undeniably stylish holiday villa .

Feeling cut off , isolated , beyond help , she closed her eyes in despair .
feeling cut off , [alone] , beyond help , she closed her eyes in despair .

Now he 'd brought the subject up it was very hard to forget that they were a man and woman isolated together miles from anywhere .
now he 'd brought the subject up it was very hard to forget that they were a man and woman [alone] together miles from anywhere .

There 'd been no word from Guy after he went away , but , knowing his friend 's house was isolated , with no telephone , Leonora was unconcerned .
there 'd been no word from guy after he went away , but , knowing his friend 's house was [alone] , with no telephone , leonora was unconcerned .

What would happen , all alone with him in that isolated barn ?
what would happen , all alone with him in that [alone] barn ?

Ruth was standing by the window , isolated by intention , gazing out at one of the seven bridges built for access to the Seville Expo site .
ruth was standing by the window , [alone] by intention , gazing out at one of the seven bridges built for access to the seville expo site .

While the rural location possessed great charm it was isolated and at times Ashley felt a little bit vulnerable , so when a local builder had acquired the land she had been pleased .
while the rural location possessed great charm it was [alone] and at times ashley felt a little bit vulnerable , so when a local builder had acquired the land she had been pleased .

The local relief is relatively subdued but the mean elevation is some 5000 m with isolated masses of probable volcanic origin rising to between 6000 and 7000 m ; the Tibetan Plateau is thus by far the highest plateau of significant extent on the Earth 's surface .
the local relief is relatively subdued but the mean elevation is some 5000 m with [alone] masses of probable volcanic origin rising to between 6000 and 7000 m ; the tibetan plateau is thus by far the highest plateau of significant extent on the earth 's surface .

Why should a society dedicated to an economy of profit-making competitive enterprise , to the efforts of the isolated individual , to equality of rights and opportunities and freedom , rest on an institution which so totally denied all of these ?
why should a society dedicated to an economy of profit-making competitive enterprise , to the efforts of the [alone] individual , to equality of rights and opportunities and freedom , rest on an institution which so totally denied all of these ?

The only organisation which frankly undertook to resist it without qualification , the Catholic Church , merely isolated itself .
the only organisation which frankly undertook to resist it without qualification , the catholic church , merely [alone] itself .

The strange , abstract and logically fantastic world of the mathematicians remained somewhat isolated both from the general and the scientific public , perhaps more so than before , since its main contact with both , physics ( through physical technology ) , appeared at this stage to have less use for its most advanced and adventurous abstractions than in the great days of the construction of a celestial mechanics .
the strange , abstract and logically fantastic world of the mathematicians remained somewhat [alone] both from the general and the scientific public , perhaps more so than before , since its main contact with both , physics ( through physical technology ) , appeared at this stage to have less use for its most advanced and adventurous abstractions than in the great days of the construction of a celestial mechanics .

Keynes had isolated the factors determining the levels of output and employment and had pointed to policies which could be implemented to achieve a state of full employment .
keynes had [alone] the factors determining the levels of output and employment and had pointed to policies which could be implemented to achieve a state of full employment .

The occasion of a partner leaving or joining the firm should always be taken as the opportunity to update the provisions of the agreement and , since each single provision is properly looked at in the context of the entire document , it is the whole agreement which should then be reconsidered and not simply isolated clauses .
the occasion of a partner leaving or joining the firm should always be taken as the opportunity to update the provisions of the agreement and , since each single provision is properly looked at in the context of the entire document , it is the whole agreement which should then be reconsidered and not simply [alone] clauses .

Native species which are currently concentrated within isolated protected sites — such as nature reserves and sites of special scientific interest — will become increasingly inbred and unable to adapt to climate change through evolution .
native species which are currently concentrated within [alone] protected sites — such as nature reserves and sites of special scientific interest — will become increasingly inbred and unable to adapt to climate change through evolution .

Plans to develop Penang Hill , an isolated patch of forest on one of Malaysia 's most densely-populated islands , has been halted after a protest campaign .
plans to develop penang hill , an [alone] patch of forest on one of malaysia 's most densely-populated islands , has been halted after a protest campaign .

The Netherlands , where methyl bromide was heavily used , phased it out completely between 1981-89 , replacing it with safer alternatives , but this has been an isolated example ; world production and sales of methyl bromide increased by 5 per cent in the late 1980s .
the netherlands , where methyl bromide was heavily used , phased it out completely between 1981-89 , replacing it with safer alternatives , but this has been an [alone] example ; world production and sales of methyl bromide increased by 5 per cent in the late 1980s .

This has been destroyed to the point where only isolated pockets remain .
this has been destroyed to the point where only [alone] pockets remain .

The food web is so isolated from anything we consume that it is not going to affect people `` , she added .
the food web is so [alone] from anything we consume that it is not going to affect people `` , she added .

English Nature is launching a programme to reintroduce the dormouse , once common throughout the country , now restricted to isolated sites in the south and west .
english nature is launching a programme to reintroduce the dormouse , once common throughout the country , now restricted to [alone] sites in the south and west .

Just two isolated little genera of birds do it , and those two have nothing else in common with each other except that both live in caves .
just two [alone] little genera of birds do it , and those two have nothing else in common with each other except that both live in caves .

Examples of convergence on a large scale occur when two or more continents are isolated from one another for a long time , and a parallel range of `` trades `` is adopted by unrelated animals on each of the continents .
examples of convergence on a large scale occur when two or more continents are [alone] from one another for a long time , and a parallel range of `` trades `` is adopted by unrelated animals on each of the continents .

Now South America , as we have seen , was isolated during the period in which horses and cattle were evolving in other parts of the world .
now south america , as we have seen , was [alone] during the period in which horses and cattle were evolving in other parts of the world .

Dunadd fort clings to an isolated rocky hillock near Kilmartin , starkly visible from the road between Lochgilphead and Oban , above what must once have been a naturally protective boggy valley .
dunadd fort clings to an [alone] rocky hillock near kilmartin , starkly visible from the road between lochgilphead and oban , above what must once have been a naturally protective boggy valley .

The issue of disability culture was highlighted , with the role of disabled people viewed as being isolated away from wider society .
the issue of disability culture was highlighted , with the role of disabled people viewed as being [alone] away from wider society .

In contrast the lovely ruins of Valle Crucis Abbey , in the pastoral Vale of Llangollen , are typical of those isolated sites sought by the Cistercian order .
in contrast the lovely ruins of valle crucis abbey , in the pastoral vale of llangollen , are typical of those [alone] sites sought by the cistercian order .

What he produced was a volume for which he really should have kept his title The Conduct of the Kitchen — a title borrowed incidentally from Meredith — because that was just what the book of menus was about : the logical and orderly conduct of a kitchen as related to daily life and seen not through the medium of a few isolated menus for special occasions , but as part of the natural order of everyday living .
what he produced was a volume for which he really should have kept his title the conduct of the kitchen — a title borrowed incidentally from meredith — because that was just what the book of menus was about : the logical and orderly conduct of a kitchen as related to daily life and seen not through the medium of a few [alone] menus for special occasions , but as part of the natural order of everyday living .

Refined or classic French cookery — call it haute cuisine if you must — and French regional , provincial , farmhouse and peasant styles of cookery can not arbitrarily be isolated and set apart one from the other .
refined or classic french cookery — call it haute cuisine if you must — and french regional , provincial , farmhouse and peasant styles of cookery can not arbitrarily be [alone] and set apart one from the other .

On the whole the scene is quiet , quieter at least than you would expect considering that this is one of the most important wholesale fruit and vegetable markets in France , the great distributing centre for the primeurs of the astonishingly fertile and productive areas of the Vaucluse and the Comtat Venaissin. — areas which less than a hundred years ago were desperately poor , inadequately irrigated , isolated for lack of roads and transport , earthquake-stricken , devastated by blights which destroyed the cereal crops and the vines .
on the whole the scene is quiet , quieter at least than you would expect considering that this is one of the most important wholesale fruit and vegetable markets in france , the great distributing centre for the primeurs of the astonishingly fertile and productive areas of the vaucluse and the comtat venaissin. — areas which less than a hundred years ago were desperately poor , inadequately irrigated , [alone] for lack of roads and transport , earthquake-stricken , devastated by blights which destroyed the cereal crops and the vines .

After 20 minutes , Kendo , the community 's large and powerful dominant male , had isolated a small group of monkeys and was very quickly forcing them towards the north .
after 20 minutes , kendo , the community 's large and powerful dominant male , had [alone] a small group of monkeys and was very quickly forcing them towards the north .

After five minutes of rapid chasing , Fitz had isolated a large group of adolescent colobus , and all the chimps in the trees started making the typical exciting hunting barks .
after five minutes of rapid chasing , fitz had [alone] a large group of adolescent colobus , and all the chimps in the trees started making the typical exciting hunting barks .

Some of these isolated populations are subject to predation , others to starvation , flooding , severe winters or summer drought .
some of these [alone] populations are subject to predation , others to starvation , flooding , severe winters or summer drought .

Isolated horses can develop depression , over-excitability or an inability to relate sensibly to other horses .
[alone] horses can develop depression , over-excitability or an inability to relate sensibly to other horses .

While the landowners ' organisation is isolated at the local level , the problems of compensation for affected landowners and of management of the protected areas remain , largely due to the reluctance of the government .
while the landowners ' organisation is [alone] at the local level , the problems of compensation for affected landowners and of management of the protected areas remain , largely due to the reluctance of the government .

Here the dislike serves a useful purpose in keeping the family as an isolated unit .
here the dislike serves a useful purpose in keeping the family as an [alone] unit .

The land is so dry that only isolated juniper trees and low scrub freckle the surface of the cliffs and the rock strata , some soft , some hard , are clear and stark .
the land is so dry that only [alone] juniper trees and low scrub freckle the surface of the cliffs and the rock strata , some soft , some hard , are clear and stark .

His essential vision remains the same , however : in a world which is unreal , inhabited by foolish or isolated people , only those with an especial destiny can escape its constrictions .
his essential vision remains the same , however : in a world which is unreal , inhabited by foolish or [alone] people , only those with an especial destiny can escape its constrictions .

And Baldwin in 1943 , isolated and unpopular , might well have been tempted , as the tone of his note indeed suggests , to exaggerate his erstwhile capacity for independent decision .
and baldwin in 1943 , [alone] and unpopular , might well have been tempted , as the tone of his note indeed suggests , to exaggerate his erstwhile capacity for independent decision .

They were confronted by mining communities which were close-knit , isolated , well-organized , and intensely internally loyal .
they were confronted by mining communities which were close-knit , [alone] , well-organized , and intensely internally loyal .

The non-parties were able to mobilise and use the institutional platform of the United Nations ; the passing of General Assembly Resolution 38/77 calling for the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive factual study of Antarctica authorised a third party investigation into the regime ; there were a number of third parties making similar claims rather than a single , isolated State ; they placed the issue on the agenda of other international institutions ; Article 12 ( 2 ) of the Treaty provides for a Conference thirty years after its entry into force ; and the acceptance of the common heritage concept in other contexts gave legitimacy to third party claims .
the non-parties were able to mobilise and use the institutional platform of the united nations ; the passing of general assembly resolution 38/77 calling for the secretary-general to prepare a comprehensive factual study of antarctica authorised a third party investigation into the regime ; there were a number of third parties making similar claims rather than a single , [alone] state ; they placed the issue on the agenda of other international institutions ; article 12 ( 2 ) of the treaty provides for a conference thirty years after its entry into force ; and the acceptance of the common heritage concept in other contexts gave legitimacy to third party claims .

However , society does not consist of isolated individuals .
however , society does not consist of [alone] individuals .

According to Mukarovsky , it is the `` consistency and systematic character of foregrounding `` , not just the isolated occurrence of this or that prominent feature , which is the distinguishing mark of literary language .
according to mukarovsky , it is the `` consistency and systematic character of foregrounding `` , not just the [alone] occurrence of this or that prominent feature , which is the distinguishing mark of literary language .

Far better to spend time with your other half and obtain some support and understanding than escape to the club to leave your loved one isolated at home .
far better to spend time with your other half and obtain some support and understanding than escape to the club to leave your loved one [alone] at home .

Their respective positions explain this in part : as ex-Prime Minister and a considerable figure in his own right , Balfour had the confidence to believe in his own judgement even when isolated from the bulk of the party ; as the tertium quid in the recent contest , Law had neither the weight nor the confidence to take such a detached view .
their respective positions explain this in part : as ex-prime minister and a considerable figure in his own right , balfour had the confidence to believe in his own judgement even when [alone] from the bulk of the party ; as the tertium quid in the recent contest , law had neither the weight nor the confidence to take such a detached view .

He had perhaps been too long in high office , too isolated from discordant views by the well-oiled Birmingham machine to take full account of the volume of dissent .
he had perhaps been too long in high office , too [alone] from discordant views by the well-oiled birmingham machine to take full account of the volume of dissent .

‘ It became clear that it was not possible to achieve desirable social change in the Third World by treating people as if they were isolated objects , living outside a social context . ’
‘ it became clear that it was not possible to achieve desirable social change in the third world by treating people as if they were [alone] objects , living outside a social context . ’

Allan Border might also have few cricket days left , but he and his team can , like Waddy 's , sow much goodwill and good work in an isolated cricket outpost this month .
allan border might also have few cricket days left , but he and his team can , like waddy 's , sow much goodwill and good work in an [alone] cricket outpost this month .

Whereas choice theories imagine a market full of independent traders , who make isolated purposive exchanges , interests theories recognize that in the twentieth century the division of labour has become much more fragmented .
whereas choice theories imagine a market full of independent traders , who make [alone] purposive exchanges , interests theories recognize that in the twentieth century the division of labour has become much more fragmented .

Thus alternative external market constraints on managerial behaviour are isolated ; or proposals are made reasserting the potency of the internal structure of the company as a means of preventing abuse of the discretion exercised by corporate managers .
thus alternative external market constraints on managerial behaviour are [alone] ; or proposals are made reasserting the potency of the internal structure of the company as a means of preventing abuse of the discretion exercised by corporate managers .

The earliest examples are pictures of 1907 or 1908 , such as the wonderful ‘ Bathers with a turtle ’ , where he lays three isolated figures and this absurd tortoise in the picture and persuades them to cohere simply by the pressure exerted on them by the colour of the ground .
the earliest examples are pictures of 1907 or 1908 , such as the wonderful ‘ bathers with a turtle ’ , where he lays three [alone] figures and this absurd tortoise in the picture and persuades them to cohere simply by the pressure exerted on them by the colour of the ground .

Using large format paper and a variety of watery colours , Gershun creates eloquent pictures in which isolated floral and other motifs can be identified .
using large format paper and a variety of watery colours , gershun creates eloquent pictures in which [alone] floral and other motifs can be identified .

Major topics in this literature are marital happiness , the division of labour and the general patterning of husband-wife roles ; the combination of women 's employment with marriage , and its consequences for husband-wife and mother-child relationships ; the inter-relationships between the nuclear family and the wider kinship system ; and the ‘ captive wife ’ syndrome — the socially isolated situation of women with young children .
major topics in this literature are marital happiness , the division of labour and the general patterning of husband-wife roles ; the combination of women 's employment with marriage , and its consequences for husband-wife and mother-child relationships ; the inter-relationships between the nuclear family and the wider kinship system ; and the ‘ captive wife ’ syndrome — the socially [alone] situation of women with young children .

Disputes wage over the issue of whether or not nuclear families today are isolated from their kin .
disputes wage over the issue of whether or not nuclear families today are [alone] from their kin .

Thus jobs which involve social interaction with other workers are generally more satisfying than socially isolated work ; monotonous , repetitive work is more likely to be linked with job dissatisfaction than more varied work ; jobs which involve responsibility and the ability to organize work time and work methods are generally preferred over those which lack these qualities , and so forth .
thus jobs which involve social interaction with other workers are generally more satisfying than socially [alone] work ; monotonous , repetitive work is more likely to be linked with job dissatisfaction than more varied work ; jobs which involve responsibility and the ability to organize work time and work methods are generally preferred over those which lack these qualities , and so forth .

According to Gavron 's survey of ninety-six urban housewives , the feeling of being tied to the house.and isolated from meaningful social contacts is a common one for both working-class and middle-class women .
according to gavron 's survey of ninety-six urban housewives , the feeling of being tied to the house.and [alone] from meaningful social contacts is a common one for both working-class and middle-class women .

Since it is necessary for potable water to be provided for food preparation and drinking-water supplies , it is customary to employ mains water , but , for isolated works without piped water , care has to be exercised in the choice of supply .
since it is necessary for potable water to be provided for food preparation and drinking-water supplies , it is customary to employ mains water , but , for [alone] works without piped water , care has to be exercised in the choice of supply .

In that way you wo n't feel cut off and isolated at college and will know where to seek out help when you think you need it .
in that way you wo n't feel cut off and [alone] at college and will know where to seek out help when you think you need it .

With some halls on campus and others off , you need to consider the pluses and minuses : the first eliminates travel time and expense but you may feel isolated from the wider community ; the second involves travel time and fares but provides more choice of shops and entertainment , with an escape from the enclosed campus .
with some halls on campus and others off , you need to consider the pluses and minuses : the first eliminates travel time and expense but you may feel [alone] from the wider community ; the second involves travel time and fares but provides more choice of shops and entertainment , with an escape from the enclosed campus .

Human society — without which we remain atomistic individuals , isolated and alone .
human society — without which we remain atomistic individuals , [alone] and alone .

referring to isolated passages in the text .
referring to [alone] passages in the text .

It looks as isolated as an eighteenth-century farmhouse among the fells .
it looks as [alone] as an eighteenth-century farmhouse among the fells .

Gloucester was ideally placed to satisfy this need — something which has been underemphasized since Kendall 's romantic portrait of him as an isolated northern figure .
gloucester was ideally placed to satisfy this need — something which has been underemphasized since kendall 's romantic portrait of him as an [alone] northern figure .

Island-hopping by coconut timber dhotis is the way the natives travel ; for guests to the Maldives this opens up a world of coves gently lapped by crystal-clear waters , underwater coral mazes and watersporting opportunities — alternatives to basking on the shores of an isolated stretch of sand .
island-hopping by coconut timber dhotis is the way the natives travel ; for guests to the maldives this opens up a world of coves gently lapped by crystal-clear waters , underwater coral mazes and watersporting opportunities — alternatives to basking on the shores of an [alone] stretch of sand .

The family has become a more isolated unit , relatively separate from wider sets of kin , and functioning chiefly as a conjugal or nuclear unit .
the family has become a more [alone] unit , relatively separate from wider sets of kin , and functioning chiefly as a conjugal or nuclear unit .

Those who argue that the modern nuclear or conjugal based family is a ‘ relatively isolated ’ unit do not deny that individual family members may maintain strong relationships with members of the families in which they were brought up ( their families of origin ) even after they have married and formed their own families ( their families of procreation ) .
those who argue that the modern nuclear or conjugal based family is a ‘ relatively [alone] ’ unit do not deny that individual family members may maintain strong relationships with members of the families in which they were brought up ( their families of origin ) even after they have married and formed their own families ( their families of procreation ) .

Early exaggerated statements by sociologists about the tendency , in modern society , for the nuclear family to become ‘ isolated ’ had the effect of masking the existence and strength of these intergenerational ties , which persist in spite of geographical distance or social mobility .
early exaggerated statements by sociologists about the tendency , in modern society , for the nuclear family to become ‘ [alone] ’ had the effect of masking the existence and strength of these intergenerational ties , which persist in spite of geographical distance or social mobility .

Although one would dearly like more supportive evidence , what we have so far indicates that isolated experiences rarely if ever leave permanent traces — however traumatic and however early they may be .
although one would dearly like more supportive evidence , what we have so far indicates that [alone] experiences rarely if ever leave permanent traces — however traumatic and however early they may be .

If it were kept isolated during the critical period nothing would prevent it from becoming an affectionless psychopath for the remainder of its life .
if it were kept [alone] during the critical period nothing would prevent it from becoming an affectionless psychopath for the remainder of its life .

Our second example comes from observations by Jerome Kagan and Robert Kleinl of a group of Guatemalan children living in an Indian village in an isolated , mountainous area of the country .
our second example comes from observations by jerome kagan and robert kleinl of a group of guatemalan children living in an indian village in an [alone] , mountainous area of the country .

Yet geographical remoteness had earlier assisted the minimizing of contacts even with neighbouring states , and only 150 years ago Japan was one of the most isolated countries in the world .
yet geographical remoteness had earlier assisted the minimizing of contacts even with neighbouring states , and only 150 years ago japan was one of the most [alone] countries in the world .

While there was an element of imitation of Western territorial imperialism , Japan essentially regarded control of neighbouring territories and resources as fundamental to her own safety and well-being , either for reasons of economic security , or because their weakness and backwardness rendered Japan militarily vulnerable and politically isolated , since such countries were easy prey to third party aggression .
while there was an element of imitation of western territorial imperialism , japan essentially regarded control of neighbouring territories and resources as fundamental to her own safety and well-being , either for reasons of economic security , or because their weakness and backwardness rendered japan militarily vulnerable and politically [alone] , since such countries were easy prey to third party aggression .

We were a long way from Orange , isolated in the farmhouse , and we knew how unpleasant the next month was going to be depended entirely on the whims of the staff .
we were a long way from orange , [alone] in the farmhouse , and we knew how unpleasant the next month was going to be depended entirely on the whims of the staff .

The dependence of the conflict thesis on legends that , on closer examination , prove misleading is a more general defect than isolated examples might suggest .
the dependence of the conflict thesis on legends that , on closer examination , prove misleading is a more general defect than [alone] examples might suggest .

Nor were they isolated by the Index from European scholarship .
nor were they [alone] by the index from european scholarship .

For most of the time since 1965 it has been contained in a separate channel isolated from the rest of criminal justice policy-making .
for most of the time since 1965 it has been contained in a separate channel [alone] from the rest of criminal justice policy-making .

The accidents all point to a common problem farmers and agricultural workers have to cope with — working alone in isolated places ’ .
the accidents all point to a common problem farmers and agricultural workers have to cope with — working alone in [alone] places ’ .

So it is not possible to test Goody 's hypothesis since one can not find an isolated society on which to test the cognitive and other consequences of ‘ purely ’ oral communication .
so it is not possible to test goody 's hypothesis since one can not find an [alone] society on which to test the cognitive and other consequences of ‘ purely ’ oral communication .

Lexical and grammatical structures , when represented in written form , can be isolated from the context-dependence of oral modes of communication .
lexical and grammatical structures , when represented in written form , can be [alone] from the context-dependence of oral modes of communication .

‘ In one far from isolated case , the court requested a pre-sentence report for a shoplifting offence and we believe it was because the girl was pregnant .
‘ in one far from [alone] case , the court requested a pre-sentence report for a shoplifting offence and we believe it was because the girl was pregnant .

He viewed society not as an aggregate of isolated atoms but as an organism for the realization of common purposes .
he viewed society not as an aggregate of [alone] atoms but as an organism for the realization of common purposes .

Like all the other factors we have discussed , energy is not easily isolated from goals , rewards and abilities .
like all the other factors we have discussed , energy is not easily [alone] from goals , rewards and abilities .

Many of our industrial problems have their roots in loner , career-motivated managers designing jobs for people motivated by relationships goals ; the managers isolate people from each other in factories or offices because they ( the managers ) want to be isolated .
many of our industrial problems have their roots in loner , career-motivated managers designing jobs for people motivated by relationships goals ; the managers isolate people from each other in factories or offices because they ( the managers ) want to be [alone] .

Ours is not an isolated episode .
ours is not an [alone] episode .

We are lonely and isolated so we accept the informal group 's dictates about ‘ how we get on here ’ with little evaluation .
we are lonely and [alone] so we accept the informal group 's dictates about ‘ how we get on here ’ with little evaluation .

They were very isolated from other members of the team because they were essentially ward based , while the more senior staff spent much of their time in outpatient clinics and operating theatres — often in different hospitals .
they were very [alone] from other members of the team because they were essentially ward based , while the more senior staff spent much of their time in outpatient clinics and operating theatres — often in different hospitals .

Until the period of Emancipation , only a few isolated individuals had carried the dissent of the ‘ marvellous decade ’ to the point of revolutionary commitment .
until the period of emancipation , only a few [alone] individuals had carried the dissent of the ‘ marvellous decade ’ to the point of revolutionary commitment .

During the 1860s a few isolated attempts to form close-knit organizations overlapped with more widespread efforts to develop educational circles for workers and to take up posts as village teachers or medical assistants in order to establish links with the peasants .
during the 1860s a few [alone] attempts to form close-knit organizations overlapped with more widespread efforts to develop educational circles for workers and to take up posts as village teachers or medical assistants in order to establish links with the peasants .

Many medical scientists would like the fame of having isolated one of these genes .
many medical scientists would like the fame of having [alone] one of these genes .

In the case of isolated molecules , ions and clusters , must emphasis has been placed on the investigation of unimolecular photodissociation and photoionization .
in the case of [alone] molecules , ions and clusters , must emphasis has been placed on the investigation of unimolecular photodissociation and photoionization .

Chemists are interested not only in isolated and dissociating species but also in colliding molecules and their reactions .
chemists are interested not only in [alone] and dissociating species but also in colliding molecules and their reactions .

One would like to have a ‘ time 's arrow ’ covering this more general case too — that is , a formula for the entropy of a non-gaseous non-equilibrium system that can be shown to have the property of non-decrease in time if the system is thermally isolated .
one would like to have a ‘ time 's arrow ’ covering this more general case too — that is , a formula for the entropy of a non-gaseous non-equilibrium system that can be shown to have the property of non-decrease in time if the system is thermally [alone] .

Neither of the formulas so far mentioned will do ; the Gibbs formula gives an entropy that for an isolated system of molecules is easily shown to stay constant in time rather than to increase , and the Boltzmann formula also does not have the desired non-decrease property if the system is not a gas .
neither of the formulas so far mentioned will do ; the gibbs formula gives an entropy that for an [alone] system of molecules is easily shown to stay constant in time rather than to increase , and the boltzmann formula also does not have the desired non-decrease property if the system is not a gas .

The change he makes is to assume that the laws of motion obeyed by the particles constituting an isolated system are non-invertible : that is , that the same dynamical state at a given time can be reached from two or more different dynamical states at some earlier time .
the change he makes is to assume that the laws of motion obeyed by the particles constituting an [alone] system are non-invertible : that is , that the same dynamical state at a given time can be reached from two or more different dynamical states at some earlier time .

As the swelling rural population cleared land and settled new territory , the isolated tillers of the soil acquired new neighbours ; as lords , both lay and ecclesiastical , colonized the countryside to maximize their profits , villages replaced hamlets , towns villages .
as the swelling rural population cleared land and settled new territory , the [alone] tillers of the soil acquired new neighbours ; as lords , both lay and ecclesiastical , colonized the countryside to maximize their profits , villages replaced hamlets , towns villages .

Look at the spectrum of a low-pressure luminous gas , and there will be no rainbow ; instead there will be isolated coloured lines .
look at the spectrum of a low-pressure luminous gas , and there will be no rainbow ; instead there will be [alone] coloured lines .

Actually Alpha is rather isolated from the rest of the constellation .
actually alpha is rather [alone] from the rest of the constellation .

Thus this type of conflict is treated as an isolated exception against the backdrop of assumed consensus .
thus this type of conflict is treated as an [alone] exception against the backdrop of assumed consensus .

This isolated existence was ended in the 1850s when external pressures from Western powers forced Japan to re-open diplomatic and trading links .
this [alone] existence was ended in the 1850s when external pressures from western powers forced japan to re-open diplomatic and trading links .

Traces of all three elements have been found in isolated cases before then so it is perhaps exaggerating to say that an entirely new tradition was invented .
traces of all three elements have been found in [alone] cases before then so it is perhaps exaggerating to say that an entirely new tradition was invented .

Users must be fully isolated from any development activities undertaken by the Computer Group .
users must be fully [alone] from any development activities undertaken by the computer group .

One of the problems that arises with this approach is the validity of the features isolated .
one of the problems that arises with this approach is the validity of the features [alone] .

2 Biemiller 's classic research ( 1970 ) into the `` development of the use of graphic and contextual information as children learn to read `` isolated a plateau at about 8–9 years when children were shown to over-use the grapho-phonemic level .
2 biemiller 's classic research ( 1970 ) into the `` development of the use of graphic and contextual information as children learn to read `` [alone] a plateau at about 8–9 years when children were shown to over-use the grapho-phonemic level .

Simple learning processes of this kind can occur in preparations containing only a single isolated ganglion ( Eisenstein , 1972 ) .
simple learning processes of this kind can occur in preparations containing only a single [alone] ganglion ( eisenstein , 1972 ) .

It should be remembered that it is the consistency of the results over a number of items and not isolated examples which suggest that the context favours girls .
it should be remembered that it is the consistency of the results over a number of items and not [alone] examples which suggest that the context favours girls .

Central to his description of dreaming is the suspension of volition , `` and in respect to the mind , we never exercise our reason or recollection in dreams ; we may sometimes seem distracted between contending passions , but we never compare their objects , or deliberate about the acquisition of these objects … `` This observation , that we remain uncritical observers in dreaming , forms an important part of some recent theorizing about dreaming by the psychophysiologist Allan Rechtschaffen , who has described dreams as being `` isolated `` and even `` unimaginative `` in the sense that we can not imagine something else during the action of a dream .
central to his description of dreaming is the suspension of volition , `` and in respect to the mind , we never exercise our reason or recollection in dreams ; we may sometimes seem distracted between contending passions , but we never compare their objects , or deliberate about the acquisition of these objects … `` this observation , that we remain uncritical observers in dreaming , forms an important part of some recent theorizing about dreaming by the psychophysiologist allan rechtschaffen , who has described dreams as being `` [alone] `` and even `` unimaginative `` in the sense that we can not imagine something else during the action of a dream .

Visual hypnagogic sensations may be similarly either isolated images or a series of images .
visual hypnagogic sensations may be similarly either [alone] images or a series of images .

Not only is the cortex isolated by being unable to control the musculature , but there is also an inhibition of incoming signals generated by sensory systems .
not only is the cortex [alone] by being unable to control the musculature , but there is also an inhibition of incoming signals generated by sensory systems .

For instance , are the fast reaction-times of the sleep-deprived subject really as fast as those when they are rested , and is the slightly slower average reaction-time simply the result of a number of isolated lapses ?
for instance , are the fast reaction-times of the sleep-deprived subject really as fast as those when they are rested , and is the slightly slower average reaction-time simply the result of a number of [alone] lapses ?

3.2 Staging of isolated cells
3.2 staging of [alone] cells

( iv ) If cells of known age are required , culture the isolated cells and examine them at hourly or half hourly intervals for division .
( iv ) if cells of known age are required , culture the [alone] cells and examine them at hourly or half hourly intervals for division .

Disaggregation of isolated ICMs is discussed in Section 3.4 .
disaggregation of [alone] icms is discussed in section 3.4 .

3.3 Aggregation of embryos and isolated cells
3.3 aggregation of embryos and [alone] cells

Isolated blastomeres can be labelled and their fate followed after reaggregation with unlabelled cells or the reagent may be used to label the entire outside cell population of an intact embryo from the 16-cell stage onwards .
[alone] blastomeres can be labelled and their fate followed after reaggregation with unlabelled cells or the reagent may be used to label the entire outside cell population of an intact embryo from the 16-cell stage onwards .

Because of their dimensions ( 5 mm ) , the majority of the embryos described in Chapter 3 , and the tissues isolated from them , are best treated as solids to conserve the small specimen .
because of their dimensions ( 5 mm ) , the majority of the embryos described in chapter 3 , and the tissues [alone] from them , are best treated as solids to conserve the small specimen .

Union membership is virtually unknown except for isolated technicians like film projection people .
union membership is virtually unknown except for [alone] technicians like film projection people .

From the start , this was an isolated experiment , marked by the middle-class philanthropic circles in which it originated .
from the start , this was an [alone] experiment , marked by the middle-class philanthropic circles in which it originated .

Those who remained at work were likely to find themselves increasingly isolated : Miss Brechin told me that she was the very last woman to work in Morrison & Gibb .
those who remained at work were likely to find themselves increasingly [alone] : miss brechin told me that she was the very last woman to work in morrison & gibb .

Isolated from their normal environment and support network , some people find it almost impossible to relax .
[alone] from their normal environment and support network , some people find it almost impossible to relax .

Anyway , she knew , and perhaps Tom knew too , that it was not just this theft which had made her cry , not only this isolated setback .
anyway , she knew , and perhaps tom knew too , that it was not just this theft which had made her cry , not only this [alone] setback .

Gone too is the idea of artists as necessarily male , white and immersed in their isolated subjectivity — the paradigm of modernism — free from , yet dependent upon the remainder of the social process .
gone too is the idea of artists as necessarily male , white and immersed in their [alone] subjectivity — the paradigm of modernism — free from , yet dependent upon the remainder of the social process .

Because while from the safety of our historical vantage point we may doubt whether this kind of incident was anything more than an isolated occurrence , and while the details leave room to quibble about the gravity of the wounding cases , to commentators at the turn of the century here was a sure sign that something dangerously new was afoot , which had come all-too-terribly alive in the person of the ‘ Hooligan ’ .
because while from the safety of our historical vantage point we may doubt whether this kind of incident was anything more than an [alone] occurrence , and while the details leave room to quibble about the gravity of the wounding cases , to commentators at the turn of the century here was a sure sign that something dangerously new was afoot , which had come all-too-terribly alive in the person of the ‘ hooligan ’ .

Analysis isolated copper , zinc and gold the thickness of one blood cell .
analysis [alone] copper , zinc and gold the thickness of one blood cell .

They put me in an isolated pit for the first few weeks .
they put me in an [alone] pit for the first few weeks .

Unless you now make a determined effort to exert your authority and independence , you will be stuck in the same rut and feeling hurt , angry , isolated and out of step with partners or close companions .
unless you now make a determined effort to exert your authority and independence , you will be stuck in the same rut and feeling hurt , angry , [alone] and out of step with partners or close companions .

At other times , they waged an incessant guerrilla war , attacking isolated Roman garrisons , ambushing caravans , cutting supply routes .
at other times , they waged an incessant guerrilla war , attacking [alone] roman garrisons , ambushing caravans , cutting supply routes .

They are believed to have resided exclusively in isolated , monastic-style desert communities .
they are believed to have resided exclusively in [alone] , monastic-style desert communities .

For the first few centuries of the Christian era , Ireland was largely isolated from the rest of Europe .
for the first few centuries of the christian era , ireland was largely [alone] from the rest of europe .

The field interviews with users reveal that , before the current outbreak , there were only a few isolated ‘ pockets ’ of opioid users in Wirral .
the field interviews with users reveal that , before the current outbreak , there were only a few [alone] ‘ pockets ’ of opioid users in wirral .

This group had isolated themselves socially because of the paranoia that they experienced as a side-effect of their drug use .
this group had [alone] themselves socially because of the paranoia that they experienced as a side-effect of their drug use .

It was also the case for a small number of women with children who felt isolated because their social horizons were constrained by domestic and family expectations .
it was also the case for a small number of women with children who felt [alone] because their social horizons were constrained by domestic and family expectations .

Are all older people socially isolated ?
are all older people socially [alone] ?

the simple quantitative approach described above suggests that very few older people are socially isolated ; most have frequent contact with the wider social context .
the simple quantitative approach described above suggests that very few older people are socially [alone] ; most have frequent contact with the wider social context .

In South Wales 10 per cent of those who were classed as always alone , and therefore by implication as being socially isolated , reported that they often or always felt lonely .
in south wales 10 per cent of those who were classed as always alone , and therefore by implication as being socially [alone] , reported that they often or always felt lonely .

It is clear that the vast majority of older people are neither socially isolated nor overwhelmed with feelings of loneliness .
it is clear that the vast majority of older people are neither socially [alone] nor overwhelmed with feelings of loneliness .

It is , however , difficult to conclude if older people are more ( or less ) socially isolated than younger members of society .
it is , however , difficult to conclude if older people are more ( or less ) socially [alone] than younger members of society .

Those with well defined social support networks illustrate lower rates of psychological disturbance than their more isolated counterparts .
those with well defined social support networks illustrate lower rates of psychological disturbance than their more [alone] counterparts .

Although this is a well identified relationship it is not possible to state the nature of the relationship . Are individuals psychologically disturbed because they are isolated or are they isolated because they are in some way disturbed ?
although this is a well identified relationship it is not possible to state the nature of the relationship . are individuals psychologically disturbed because they are [alone] or are they [alone] because they are in some way disturbed ?

In The Lost Ship , for instance , a couple of merchant navy apprentices , overboard by accident from a tanker , are picked up by a sinister couple planning to snatch gold from a wreck on a Caribbean island , and in Horseshoe Reef a similar young couple is rescued from shipwreck by a strange , isolated family with criminal intentions .
in the lost ship , for instance , a couple of merchant navy apprentices , overboard by accident from a tanker , are picked up by a sinister couple planning to snatch gold from a wreck on a caribbean island , and in horseshoe reef a similar young couple is rescued from shipwreck by a strange , [alone] family with criminal intentions .

The verbal pinpricks are shrewdly administered in a story indulgent to the conscious flippancy of the early 1920s ; from our own angle of vision it seems as though one socially artificial and isolated world is being used to comment on an earlier , equally artificial and isolated one .
the verbal pinpricks are shrewdly administered in a story indulgent to the conscious flippancy of the early 1920s ; from our own angle of vision it seems as though one socially artificial and [alone] world is being used to comment on an earlier , equally artificial and [alone] one .

Paradoxically this makes the moral and dynastic problems in the books less taxing to young readers , because they are isolated from the pressures of their own time .
paradoxically this makes the moral and dynastic problems in the books less taxing to young readers , because they are [alone] from the pressures of their own time .

The data for this elaboration come mainly from a participant observation study at Oxford United and from conversations at a local youth club , but data from other grounds are included to show that Oxford United is far from being an isolated case .
the data for this elaboration come mainly from a participant observation study at oxford united and from conversations at a local youth club , but data from other grounds are included to show that oxford united is far from being an [alone] case .

Reference to our theory as outlined in an earlier section of this chapter would suggest that the next most important item to be isolated in an account is the set of rules regarded as operative in each distinct situation .
reference to our theory as outlined in an earlier section of this chapter would suggest that the next most important item to be [alone] in an account is the set of rules regarded as operative in each distinct situation .

Social roles within each of the groups have been isolated primarily from the accounts given by fans and from prolonged observation in the London Road End .
social roles within each of the groups have been [alone] primarily from the accounts given by fans and from prolonged observation in the london road end .

While she occupies an isolated public position she has drawn great comfort from her two children , Princes William and Harry , who are undoubtedly the two most important people in her life .
while she occupies an [alone] public position she has drawn great comfort from her two children , princes william and harry , who are undoubtedly the two most important people in her life .

Sometimes they stand completely isolated , surrounded by acres of fields .
sometimes they stand completely [alone] , surrounded by acres of fields .

Old Bolingbroke is situated in an isolated pocket — the valley of a nameless brook .
old bolingbroke is situated in an [alone] pocket — the valley of a nameless brook .

Unpretentious yet beautiful orange brick and pantiled watermills , trout farms and farmhouses rest peacefully in isolated spots and cosy little hamlets appear unexpectedly as one turns of a bend of a woldland way .
unpretentious yet beautiful orange brick and pantiled watermills , trout farms and farmhouses rest peacefully in [alone] spots and cosy little hamlets appear unexpectedly as one turns of a bend of a woldland way .

It had taken Sabrina forty minutes to drive from Lausanne to Fribourg and another fifteen minutes to find the isolated goods yard where Teufel , the porter at Lausanne , had said she would find the freight cars .
it had taken sabrina forty minutes to drive from lausanne to fribourg and another fifteen minutes to find the [alone] goods yard where teufel , the porter at lausanne , had said she would find the freight cars .

High in the mountains , isolated and remote from the hassles of bustling cities , traditional family life has changed very little over the centuries .
high in the mountains , [alone] and remote from the hassles of bustling cities , traditional family life has changed very little over the centuries .

Peace and quiet are easy to find even in the height of the season , for the hotel is splendidly isolated , away from traffic and the merest hint of a crowd .
peace and quiet are easy to find even in the height of the season , for the hotel is splendidly [alone] , away from traffic and the merest hint of a crowd .

Around this grew a small village of woodcutters and stonemasons ' cottages and the hamlet led its isolated existence for centuries until it was eventually abandoned .
around this grew a small village of woodcutters and stonemasons ' cottages and the hamlet led its [alone] existence for centuries until it was eventually abandoned .

Immunohistochemical and in situ hybridisation studies have yielded conflicting results , since at different times evidence has been presented to suggest that antigens or nucleic acids from measles virus , respiratory syncytial virus , or canine distemper virus might be present in pagetic tissue or cultured cells but no virus has been isolated from affected tissue .
immunohistochemical and in situ hybridisation studies have yielded conflicting results , since at different times evidence has been presented to suggest that antigens or nucleic acids from measles virus , respiratory syncytial virus , or canine distemper virus might be present in pagetic tissue or cultured cells but no virus has been [alone] from affected tissue .

An important immediate issue is to confirm whether paramyxovirus sequences can consistently be isolated from pagetic tissue and , if so , to determine whether their presence is disease specific .
an important immediate issue is to confirm whether paramyxovirus sequences can consistently be [alone] from pagetic tissue and , if so , to determine whether their presence is disease specific .

Such an ideal does not stand isolated from the practices which strive towards it but interacts with those practices , helps to construct them , and is in turn constructed by them .
such an ideal does not stand [alone] from the practices which strive towards it but interacts with those practices , helps to construct them , and is in turn constructed by them .

The degeneration occurs , not because men are congenitally or even incorrigibly narrow , libertine , isolated or selfish , but because in defining themselves as autonomous beings in opposition to other human beings they have had to seek what separates them as a group from others .
the degeneration occurs , not because men are congenitally or even incorrigibly narrow , libertine , [alone] or selfish , but because in defining themselves as autonomous beings in opposition to other human beings they have had to seek what separates them as a group from others .

Turn off the main isolating switch and remove the circuit fuse , before restoring the power to the rest of the house . Check that you 've isolated the correct one !
turn off the main isolating switch and remove the circuit fuse , before restoring the power to the rest of the house . check that you 've [alone] the correct one !

The dpc could also be bridged by garden soil banked up against the wall ; rendering taken down over the dpc would also allow moisture to creep past , However , in these cases , the affected area is usually isolated .
the dpc could also be bridged by garden soil banked up against the wall ; rendering taken down over the dpc would also allow moisture to creep past , however , in these cases , the affected area is usually [alone] .

Isolated bacteria usually prove to be of the same type normally found in the human gut , but why some men should suffer rather than others is unknown .
[alone] bacteria usually prove to be of the same type normally found in the human gut , but why some men should suffer rather than others is unknown .

Housewives are isolated , without the protection of their rights corresponding to those won by waged workers through trade union organisation and solidarity .
housewives are [alone] , without the protection of their rights corresponding to those won by waged workers through trade union organisation and solidarity .

The isolated nature of housing structure and its links with domestic labour and consumption
the [alone] nature of housing structure and its links with domestic labour and consumption

Housing mirrors the isolated and privatised nature of domestic labour and reinforces each self-contained family unit .
housing mirrors the [alone] and privatised nature of domestic labour and reinforces each self-contained family unit .

He is socially isolated during this time .
he is socially [alone] during this time .

In some other cultures , there may have been socially validated ways of defining reality and of acting which would enable them to be less socially isolated , and therefore less neurotic because less privatized .
in some other cultures , there may have been socially validated ways of defining reality and of acting which would enable them to be less socially [alone] , and therefore less neurotic because less privatized .

However , the evolution of mankind has reached the point where it is better to leave religion behind , for it does comprise ‘ a system of wishful illusions together with a disavowal of reality , such as we find in an isolated form nowhere else but in amentia , in a state of blissful hallucinatory confusion ’ .
however , the evolution of mankind has reached the point where it is better to leave religion behind , for it does comprise ‘ a system of wishful illusions together with a disavowal of reality , such as we find in an [alone] form nowhere else but in amentia , in a state of blissful hallucinatory confusion ’ .

This friendliness was n't an isolated incident .
this friendliness was n't an [alone] incident .

Isolated at home , and without a network of contacts , many fail to recognize and market their own skills .
[alone] at home , and without a network of contacts , many fail to recognize and market their own skills .

Large areas of Patagonia were devastated by the eruption of Volcano Hudson in 1990 , and Dom 's work included reconstruction projects to help rehabilitate isolated communities .
large areas of patagonia were devastated by the eruption of volcano hudson in 1990 , and dom 's work included reconstruction projects to help rehabilitate [alone] communities .

The part-time firemen , part of a four-man crew from Mildenhall , had planned to use water from beneath the bridge to damp down a blaze in an isolated copse near Eriswell .
the part-time firemen , part of a four-man crew from mildenhall , had planned to use water from beneath the bridge to damp down a blaze in an [alone] copse near eriswell .

Council chairman Phyll Hendy said Point Clear had been isolated from St Osyth several times already this year when the causeway between the two settlements had flooded .
council chairman phyll hendy said point clear had been [alone] from st osyth several times already this year when the causeway between the two settlements had flooded .

Social scientists doing research at the estate in the seventies were told by one tenant that it would have been `` difficult to be more isolated if you had lived in Egypt `` .
social scientists doing research at the estate in the seventies were told by one tenant that it would have been `` difficult to be more [alone] if you had lived in egypt `` .

Until relatively recently , Instructors delivering National Certificate modules in prisons tended to be rather isolated .
until relatively recently , instructors delivering national certificate modules in prisons tended to be rather [alone] .

Additional studies by the Building Research Establishment indicate that isolated structural damage can occur when gust speeds exceed about 39 knots and widespread damage can occur when gustspeeds exceed about 49 knots .
additional studies by the building research establishment indicate that [alone] structural damage can occur when gust speeds exceed about 39 knots and widespread damage can occur when gustspeeds exceed about 49 knots .

Having worked offshore on oil platforms for the last 13 years , Derry and Fran were well prepared for the rather isolated nature of life on the island .
having worked offshore on oil platforms for the last 13 years , derry and fran were well prepared for the rather [alone] nature of life on the island .

She stared at the shifting colours and shapes , remote and isolated , hearing the voices and noise of music playing inside .
she stared at the shifting colours and shapes , remote and [alone] , hearing the voices and noise of music playing inside .

He had hoped that the affair of the dog and the death of the Zikr were isolated instances , that with the death of those responsible the matter could end there .
he had hoped that the affair of the dog and the death of the zikr were [alone] instances , that with the death of those responsible the matter could end there .

In every isolated basin of the plateau the life led by the common people day after day was as monotonous as the climate and the landscape ; and everything that deviated from the ordinary , everything strange or unforeseen , was regarded as supernatural .
in every [alone] basin of the plateau the life led by the common people day after day was as monotonous as the climate and the landscape ; and everything that deviated from the ordinary , everything strange or unforeseen , was regarded as supernatural .

The casualties had been isolated in one of the huts outside the walls .
the casualties had been [alone] in one of the huts outside the walls .

Second , there was the isolated position of the Soviet Union in trying to establish socialism in a backward country .
second , there was the [alone] position of the soviet union in trying to establish socialism in a backward country .

This assumes that the behaviour of individuals that is part of the organization 's structure of authority can be isolated from other roles and other aspects of behaviour .
this assumes that the behaviour of individuals that is part of the organization 's structure of authority can be [alone] from other roles and other aspects of behaviour .

Where a country is largely isolated from the rest of the world , the state-centred approach does seem more plausible than where it is located within an identifiable system of global relationships .
where a country is largely [alone] from the rest of the world , the state-centred approach does seem more plausible than where it is located within an identifiable system of global relationships .

They can thus be isolated from particular transnational corporations identified with particular imperialist powers .
they can thus be [alone] from particular transnational corporations identified with particular imperialist powers .

Isolated crypts were put on cover glasses .
[alone] crypts were put on cover glasses .

The similar metabolism of butyrate in controls and in patients with ulcerative colitis , is in contrast with previous studies , where butyrate oxidation was impaired in mucosal cells isolated from quiescent and active ulcerative colitis .
the similar metabolism of butyrate in controls and in patients with ulcerative colitis , is in contrast with previous studies , where butyrate oxidation was impaired in mucosal cells [alone] from quiescent and active ulcerative colitis .

When isolated mature hepatocytes are cultured on a non-physiological substratum such as tissue culture plastic , the cells attach poorly and have a limited viability .
when [alone] mature hepatocytes are cultured on a non-physiological substratum such as tissue culture plastic , the cells attach poorly and have a limited viability .

Gloucester was ideally placed to satisfy this need — something which has been underemphasized since Kendall 's romantic portrait of him as an isolated northern figure .
gloucester was ideally placed to satisfy this need — something which has been underemphasized since kendall 's romantic portrait of him as an [alone] northern figure .

Fundal varices originate from the short gastric and epiploic veins in about 12 % of patients and occasionally follow an isolated splenic vein thrombosis .
fundal varices originate from the short gastric and epiploic veins in about 12 % of patients and occasionally follow an [alone] splenic vein thrombosis .

Staphylococcus aureus and alpha haemolytic streptococci were the most commonly identified organisms and were usually isolated from the biopsy channel of the endoscope and it seems likely that needle tip contamination is the chief culprit .
staphylococcus aureus and alpha haemolytic streptococci were the most commonly identified organisms and were usually [alone] from the biopsy channel of the endoscope and it seems likely that needle tip contamination is the chief culprit .

Azurophil granules were prepared from isolated normal peripheral granulocytes after low pressure homogenisation of the cells and centrifugation of the homogenate in a Percoll ( Pharmacia Fine Chemicals , Uppsala , Sweden ) gradient as described elsewhere .
azurophil granules were prepared from [alone] normal peripheral granulocytes after low pressure homogenisation of the cells and centrifugation of the homogenate in a percoll ( pharmacia fine chemicals , uppsala , sweden ) gradient as described elsewhere .

Epithelial and lamina propria mononuclear cells were isolated from surgical specimens from control , Crohn 's disease , and ulcerative colitis patients .
epithelial and lamina propria mononuclear cells were [alone] from surgical specimens from control , crohn 's disease , and ulcerative colitis patients .

Lamina propria mononuclear cells were isolated by a modification of the original technique of Bull and Bookman .
lamina propria mononuclear cells were [alone] by a modification of the original technique of bull and bookman .

Bile salt inhibition of motility in the isolated perfused rabbit terminal ileum
bile salt inhibition of motility in the [alone] perfused rabbit terminal ileum

The effects of bile on small bowel motility were studied in isolated , perfused rabbit terminal ileum .
the effects of bile on small bowel motility were studied in [alone] , perfused rabbit terminal ileum .

We used a model of isolated , perfused rabbit terminal ileum to characterise the effects of luminal bile salts on intestinal motility .
we used a model of [alone] , perfused rabbit terminal ileum to characterise the effects of luminal bile salts on intestinal motility .

Because there were no potential sources of pancreatic glucagon in isolated perfused segments of terminal ileum , enteroglucagon concentrations were measured directly with antibody Gl77 in this preparation .
because there were no potential sources of pancreatic glucagon in [alone] perfused segments of terminal ileum , enteroglucagon concentrations were measured directly with antibody gl77 in this preparation .

During carbachol infusion and bile stimulation ( Experiment 1 ) , the venous effluents were collected and reinfused into an isolated segment from a second rabbit at 0.3 ml/min , at a rate of one tenth the total perfusion rate to prevent hypoxia .
during carbachol infusion and bile stimulation ( experiment 1 ) , the venous effluents were collected and reinfused into an [alone] segment from a second rabbit at 0.3 ml/min , at a rate of one tenth the total perfusion rate to prevent hypoxia .

These studies showed that a humoral agent present in the venous effluent during luminal administration of bile , inhibited motor activity in isolated segments of terminal ileum .
these studies showed that a humoral agent present in the venous effluent during luminal administration of bile , inhibited motor activity in [alone] segments of terminal ileum .

The requirement for exogenous administration of cholinergic agents to stimulate motility in isolated models of mammalian small bowel , has been described previously .
the requirement for exogenous administration of cholinergic agents to stimulate motility in [alone] models of mammalian small bowel , has been described previously .

At surgery , both ureters contained isolated necrotic segments and histological examination showed obstructed ureters with acute and chronic inflammation surrounded by fat necrosis and calcification .
at surgery , both ureters contained [alone] necrotic segments and histological examination showed obstructed ureters with acute and chronic inflammation surrounded by fat necrosis and calcification .

Amoebae can be isolated from the air .
amoebae can be [alone] from the air .

Then Murry et al reported their improbable observations that an isolated 40-min occlusion in dogs resulted in an infarct whose mass could be decreased by 75 % if the animals were pretreated with four cycles of 5-min coronary occlusion plus 5 min of reflow .
then murry et al reported their improbable observations that an [alone] 40-min occlusion in dogs resulted in an infarct whose mass could be decreased by 75 % if the animals were pretreated with four cycles of 5-min coronary occlusion plus 5 min of reflow .

While such a proposal might well serve large cities with many facilities , Clemenhagen argues it would also benefit isolated or rural hospitals because they would have standards by which to compare themselves with their counterparts .
while such a proposal might well serve large cities with many facilities , clemenhagen argues it would also benefit [alone] or rural hospitals because they would have standards by which to compare themselves with their counterparts .

The rationale of treatment should be explained fully , reassuring the patient that she will not be confined to bed , subjected to high doses of drugs , or isolated from her family and friends .
the rationale of treatment should be explained fully , reassuring the patient that she will not be confined to bed , subjected to high doses of drugs , or [alone] from her family and friends .

In a few individuals , especially young men with exercise-induced cardiac arrest , isolated anomalies of the coronary arteries may be found , most commonly an anomalous origin of the left main coronary artery from the right coronary sinus .
in a few individuals , especially young men with exercise-induced cardiac arrest , [alone] anomalies of the coronary arteries may be found , most commonly an anomalous origin of the left main coronary artery from the right coronary sinus .

The Alchian-Demsetz ( 1972 ) approach suggests that team production outproduces isolated individual production , providing a necessary but not sufficient condition for firm formation .
the alchian-demsetz ( 1972 ) approach suggests that team production outproduces [alone] individual production , providing a necessary but not sufficient condition for firm formation .

The physical setting of a parish influenced not only the ways in which a family might farm their land or work at a particular craft but also such basic matters as whether they lived in a village , a hamlet or an isolated farmstead , whether or not they had valuable rights of common to go with their farms or cottages , and sometimes the type of tenure by which they held their land .
the physical setting of a parish influenced not only the ways in which a family might farm their land or work at a particular craft but also such basic matters as whether they lived in a village , a hamlet or an [alone] farmstead , whether or not they had valuable rights of common to go with their farms or cottages , and sometimes the type of tenure by which they held their land .

Terling was a well-defined social unit , its villagers well aware of their special identity , yet it was in no way isolated from the surrounding parishes , for a majority of the adult population of the village had experience of living in other communities .
terling was a well-defined social unit , its villagers well aware of their special identity , yet it was in no way [alone] from the surrounding parishes , for a majority of the adult population of the village had experience of living in other communities .

Old Dissent gained a foothold where the Church of England was weakest , especially in isolated communities scattered throughout those large rural parishes that stretched over the moors , the marshlands and old wood-pasture areas and also in certain types of towns .
old dissent gained a foothold where the church of england was weakest , especially in [alone] communities scattered throughout those large rural parishes that stretched over the moors , the marshlands and old wood-pasture areas and also in certain types of towns .

Thurlstone township was a sub-division of the large parish of Penistone and comprised not just the village but several scattered hamlets and numerous isolated farms on the edge of the Pennine moors .
thurlstone township was a sub-division of the large parish of penistone and comprised not just the village but several scattered hamlets and numerous [alone] farms on the edge of the pennine moors .

An isolated system is completely insulated from its surroundings .
an [alone] system is completely insulated from its surroundings .

There is thus no energy transfer between an isolated system and its surroundings .
there is thus no energy transfer between an [alone] system and its surroundings .

An isolated system is an ideal system .
an [alone] system is an ideal system .

However , although it can not be achieved in practice , the concept of an isolated system il important in estimating the maximum theoretical energy differences between a system and surroundings .
however , although it can not be achieved in practice , the concept of an [alone] system il important in estimating the maximum theoretical energy differences between a system and surroundings .

Thus , the energy required to break down one mole of the lattice into isolated gaseousions is equal to the reverse of the energy change which accompanies the formation of one mole of the lattice from its gaseous ions .
thus , the energy required to break down one mole of the lattice into [alone] gaseousions is equal to the reverse of the energy change which accompanies the formation of one mole of the lattice from its gaseous ions .

Russian society became increasingly more diverse and isolated from the state .
russian society became increasingly more diverse and [alone] from the state .

Each pair was then placed in an isolated cubicle .
each pair was then placed in an [alone] cubicle .

Each pair was then placed in an isolated cubicle .
each pair was then placed in an [alone] cubicle .

Each pair was then placed in an isolated cubicle .
each pair was then placed in an [alone] cubicle .

Each pair was then placed in an isolated cubicle .
each pair was then placed in an [alone] cubicle .

Fourth , the process of forming impressions is isolated from any other influences that might ordinarily affect our impressions .
fourth , the process of forming impressions is [alone] from any other influences that might ordinarily affect our impressions .

In this way , ‘ information ’ is isolated from the source of that information and any other possible aspects of the target person .
in this way , ‘ information ’ is [alone] from the source of that information and any other possible aspects of the target person .

Moreover , subjects form impressions in the supposedly neutral context of the laboratory cubicle — ; thus isolated from the complex social situations in which we actually form impressions of others .
moreover , subjects form impressions in the supposedly neutral context of the laboratory cubicle — ; thus [alone] from the complex social situations in which we actually form impressions of others .

It is ‘ No Mans Land Fort ’ which stands completely isolated in the English Channel about three miles off shore from Portsmouth .
it is ‘ no mans land fort ’ which stands completely [alone] in the english channel about three miles off shore from portsmouth .

The nightshift helped in this task , restricted to the ground floor initially , then onto the first floor in a massive clean up operation as electricians isolated affected areas .
the nightshift helped in this task , restricted to the ground floor initially , then onto the first floor in a massive clean up operation as electricians [alone] affected areas .

Similarly , the women may be isolated and destructive or glamourous and powerful ; possible to be pitied , perhaps to be envied .
similarly , the women may be [alone] and destructive or glamourous and powerful ; possible to be pitied , perhaps to be envied .

In the traditional hunting communities , those who were a burden — because they had become too old to hunt or to follow the family as it trekked to a new hunting ground — took themselves off to an ice-floe or an isolated rock and waited for death .
in the traditional hunting communities , those who were a burden — because they had become too old to hunt or to follow the family as it trekked to a new hunting ground — took themselves off to an ice-floe or an [alone] rock and waited for death .

Doe was left further isolated by the desertion on July 4 of his chief of armed forces and presidential guard , Lt.-Gen. Charles Julu , the latest in a series of rapid changes in senior military personnel ; Julu himself had taken over only days before from Lt.-Gen. Harry Dubar , who resigned and fled abroad in late June .
doe was left further [alone] by the desertion on july 4 of his chief of armed forces and presidential guard , lt.-gen. charles julu , the latest in a series of rapid changes in senior military personnel ; julu himself had taken over only days before from lt.-gen. harry dubar , who resigned and fled abroad in late june .

Vasile Ionel , a Deputy Defence Minister and Army Chief of Staff [ wrongly given as Ionel Vasile on p. 37105 ] , urged continued vigilance against isolated attacks by Securitate officers still at large , and said that the Army would withdraw to barracks `` only when we are fully aware that there is no one to endanger people 's lives and security `` .
vasile ionel , a deputy defence minister and army chief of staff [ wrongly given as ionel vasile on p. 37105 ] , urged continued vigilance against [alone] attacks by securitate officers still at large , and said that the army would withdraw to barracks `` only when we are fully aware that there is no one to endanger people 's lives and security `` .

Bush on Sept. 6 accepted an Iraqi offer to broadcast on Iraqi television , which he did on Sept. 16 in a prepared videotaped address warning that Iraq `` stands isolated and alone `` , and had been brought to `` the brink of war `` because Saddam Hussein had misled his people into invading Kuwait .
bush on sept. 6 accepted an iraqi offer to broadcast on iraqi television , which he did on sept. 16 in a prepared videotaped address warning that iraq `` stands [alone] and alone `` , and had been brought to `` the brink of war `` because saddam hussein had misled his people into invading kuwait .

In Uzbekistan the practice of allowing many local Communist Party leaders to stand unchallenged in Supreme Soviet constituencies prompted isolated protests by supporters of unofficial opposition groups .
in uzbekistan the practice of allowing many local communist party leaders to stand unchallenged in supreme soviet constituencies prompted [alone] protests by supporters of unofficial opposition groups .

There was unprecedented Soviet media coverage : Moscow Radio had announced the march in advance and had urged `` all democratically minded Muscovites to take part `` , while Soviet television news showed close-up shots , not just of banners with slogans attacking the communist monopoly and party conservatives , but even of isolated placards which called for Gorbachev 's resignation .
there was unprecedented soviet media coverage : moscow radio had announced the march in advance and had urged `` all democratically minded muscovites to take part `` , while soviet television news showed close-up shots , not just of banners with slogans attacking the communist monopoly and party conservatives , but even of [alone] placards which called for gorbachev 's resignation .

On Feb. 23 Menem ruled out a national state of emergency , describing the looting as `` isolated incidents `` encouraged by `` extremists `` .
on feb. 23 menem ruled out a national state of emergency , describing the looting as `` [alone] incidents `` encouraged by `` extremists `` .

Throughout February isolated violent incidents were reported from various parts of Azerbaijan .
throughout february [alone] violent incidents were reported from various parts of azerbaijan .

While North Korea found itself increasingly isolated by the momentous changes which occurred in Eastern Europe in 1989 , its relationship with China remained close [ for unofficial visit to Beijing by Kim Il Sung , politburo member Ho Dam and Foreign Minister Kim Yong Nam in November 1989 see p. 37041 ] .
while north korea found itself increasingly [alone] by the momentous changes which occurred in eastern europe in 1989 , its relationship with china remained close [ for unofficial visit to beijing by kim il sung , politburo member ho dam and foreign minister kim yong nam in november 1989 see p. 37041 ] .

There are only a few isolated examples of Jacobite riots or demonstrations in England during the 1690s , perhaps suggesting that Jacobite sentiment was not particularly widespread .
there are only a few [alone] examples of jacobite riots or demonstrations in england during the 1690s , perhaps suggesting that jacobite sentiment was not particularly widespread .

To examine the effect that railway building might have had on a self-contained and isolated rural community .
to examine the effect that railway building might have had on a self-contained and [alone] rural community .

By such means — so Eisenhower optimistically noted on 8 March 1956 — Egypt might become progressively isolated among the Arabs .
by such means — so eisenhower optimistically noted on 8 march 1956 — egypt might become progressively [alone] among the arabs .

Even in 1659 the Peace of the Pyrenees still left 350 terres contentieuses scattered along it , with isolated enclaves on both sides , little islands of French or Spanish territory in a surrounding sea of foreign-ruled land .
even in 1659 the peace of the pyrenees still left 350 terres contentieuses scattered along it , with [alone] enclaves on both sides , little islands of french or spanish territory in a surrounding sea of foreign-ruled land .

It has been well argued that the great procession , headed by the Host and including the orders of the Church and social guilds , interrupted by the plays performed by the guild members reminding followers of the archetypal story of God 's plan of salvation from the Creation to the Last Judgement , provided opportunity for participating in that sense of unity beyond division which is the heart of Christian belief , and which underpins the social value put on the more isolated lives of contemplatives .
it has been well argued that the great procession , headed by the host and including the orders of the church and social guilds , interrupted by the plays performed by the guild members reminding followers of the archetypal story of god 's plan of salvation from the creation to the last judgement , provided opportunity for participating in that sense of unity beyond division which is the heart of christian belief , and which underpins the social value put on the more [alone] lives of contemplatives .

For all of them the Passion focuses the terrifyingly destructive forces in human nature and signals the one way by which they are to be rendered ultimately ineffective — a way not isolated in history , but constantly repeated by means of the game of faith .
for all of them the passion focuses the terrifyingly destructive forces in human nature and signals the one way by which they are to be rendered ultimately ineffective — a way not [alone] in history , but constantly repeated by means of the game of faith .

Human beings are comparably polymorphic because , in the remote past , relatively isolated , relatively small breeding populations were selectively adapted to fit in with very different environmental situations .
human beings are comparably polymorphic because , in the remote past , relatively [alone] , relatively small breeding populations were selectively adapted to fit in with very different environmental situations .

In mature persons interaction is usually initiated by speech ; but in ordinary life , isolated speech interaction , as in a telephone conversation , is rare .
in mature persons interaction is usually initiated by speech ; but in ordinary life , [alone] speech interaction , as in a telephone conversation , is rare .

that a single kinship category word such as father can never denote an isolated individual .
that a single kinship category word such as father can never denote an [alone] individual .

Ten minutes after the tail lights of the stolen Cadillac had dwindled to nothingness up the long straight highway , Curtis pulled into the deserted forecourt of the isolated gas station .
ten minutes after the tail lights of the stolen cadillac had dwindled to nothingness up the long straight highway , curtis pulled into the deserted forecourt of the [alone] gas station .

In truth , her performance in winning at Edgbaston probably told us far more about how she is likely to make out when she tees up as a professional than could ever have been gauged from an isolated week among those playing for pay .
in truth , her performance in winning at edgbaston probably told us far more about how she is likely to make out when she tees up as a professional than could ever have been gauged from an [alone] week among those playing for pay .

The following year Ballesteros became involved in an endless , tiresome hassle over appearance money that left him isolated and a stranger on the European Tour .
the following year ballesteros became involved in an endless , tiresome hassle over appearance money that left him [alone] and a stranger on the european tour .

The specific features of Poland are isolated in order to assess the prospects of similar trends in other socialist countries .
the specific features of poland are [alone] in order to assess the prospects of similar trends in other socialist countries .

This implies that technological change should be seen not as an isolated activity , but as integral part of firm operations , and that change is evaluated via its contributions to market success .
this implies that technological change should be seen not as an [alone] activity , but as integral part of firm operations , and that change is evaluated via its contributions to market success .

The economic restructuring of recent years has had a traumatic effect on the estates , with massive job loss and factory closure transforming them into increasingly isolated , state-managed ‘ subsistence communities ’ .
the economic restructuring of recent years has had a traumatic effect on the estates , with massive job loss and factory closure transforming them into increasingly [alone] , state-managed ‘ subsistence communities ’ .

Scientists at Synergen , based in Boulder , Colorado , have isolated and cloned nerve growth factor that spurs cells specifically affected by Parkinson 's to sprout new neural branches without seeming to affect nearby , unrelated nerve cells .
scientists at synergen , based in boulder , colorado , have [alone] and cloned nerve growth factor that spurs cells specifically affected by parkinson 's to sprout new neural branches without seeming to affect nearby , unrelated nerve cells .

Police said the house , at Little Chart , was isolated and a prime target for burglary , but could not comment on reports that the break-in was the eighth the home-owner had suffered .
police said the house , at little chart , was [alone] and a prime target for burglary , but could not comment on reports that the break-in was the eighth the home-owner had suffered .

This would seem to leave the legal and medical professions in an isolated position .
this would seem to leave the legal and medical professions in an [alone] position .

Accordingly , it has been held to be unfair to dismiss a man convicted of one isolated act of incest for which he received a probationary sentence .
accordingly , it has been held to be unfair to dismiss a man convicted of one [alone] act of incest for which he received a probationary sentence .

The multi-stack variable-reluctance stepping motor is divided along its axial length into magnetically isolated sections ( `` stacks `` ) , each of which can be excited by a separate winding ( `` phase `` ) .
the multi-stack variable-reluctance stepping motor is divided along its axial length into magnetically [alone] sections ( `` stacks `` ) , each of which can be excited by a separate winding ( `` phase `` ) .

The phase windings of both hybrid and variable-reluctance stepping motors are electrically isolated and each phase is excited by a separate drive circuit , so it is possible to excite several phases at any time .
the phase windings of both hybrid and variable-reluctance stepping motors are electrically [alone] and each phase is excited by a separate drive circuit , so it is possible to excite several phases at any time .

The dorsal arm plates of each segment consist of two separate oval plates lying side by side isolated from the proceeding and succeeding ones .
the dorsal arm plates of each segment consist of two separate oval plates lying side by side [alone] from the proceeding and succeeding ones .

This is not an experiment that can ever be done , although some people assume that certain remote and isolated faunas , such as those of Australia and Madagascar , can be treated as if they were ancient , as if a trip to Australia were like a trip backwards in a time machine .
this is not an experiment that can ever be done , although some people assume that certain remote and [alone] faunas , such as those of australia and madagascar , can be treated as if they were ancient , as if a trip to australia were like a trip backwards in a time machine .

The thin line of squares — alternately black and white , like tiny isolated tiles of shadow and mist — stretched over the table , through the air on either side of it , and disappeared into the distant side walls of the broad games room , over fallen slates and past rusting columns of wrought iron .
the thin line of squares — alternately black and white , like tiny [alone] tiles of shadow and mist — stretched over the table , through the air on either side of it , and disappeared into the distant side walls of the broad games room , over fallen slates and past rusting columns of wrought iron .

The flat string of squares flickered slightly just sufficiently to show it was a projection , nothing real ; but although it was apparent the line of squares itself was merely an image , on its surface sat seemingly real and solid wooden chess pieces made from black and white wood , and set on that strange line like tiny isolated guard towers on a chequered frontier wall .
the flat string of squares flickered slightly just sufficiently to show it was a projection , nothing real ; but although it was apparent the line of squares itself was merely an image , on its surface sat seemingly real and solid wooden chess pieces made from black and white wood , and set on that strange line like tiny [alone] guard towers on a chequered frontier wall .

The castle 's stunted squad of masons and builders were still working to repair the damage the old man had done by tearing down walls in his attempt to prove these hidden glyphs were isolated aberrations , not — as they indeed were — ubiquitous .
the castle 's stunted squad of masons and builders were still working to repair the damage the old man had done by tearing down walls in his attempt to prove these hidden glyphs were [alone] aberrations , not — as they indeed were — ubiquitous .

Tectonic dips are negligible in this region and the winding escarpments , with many isolated `` jebels `` or hill outliers in between ( plate 6.1 ) make possible a detailed investigation of the lateral variations in this so-called formation , on a scale beyond our dreams in more vegetated temperate terrains .
tectonic dips are negligible in this region and the winding escarpments , with many [alone] `` jebels `` or hill outliers in between ( plate 6.1 ) make possible a detailed investigation of the lateral variations in this so-called formation , on a scale beyond our dreams in more vegetated temperate terrains .

The fact that confinement prevents one from observing an isolated quark or gluon might seem to make the whole notion of quarks and gluons as particles somewhat metaphysical .
the fact that confinement prevents one from observing an [alone] quark or gluon might seem to make the whole notion of quarks and gluons as particles somewhat metaphysical .

Isolated in this small square well in the deck , they were exposed to anything the elements cared to throw at them .
[alone] in this small square well in the deck , they were exposed to anything the elements cared to throw at them .

This organized disposal of the dead in large communal cemeteries , set aside for the purpose , is a useful indicator of more complex communities , so that the appearance of isolated burial plots can be instructive ; at Ilchester , the late burials within the extra-mural plots might well be indicative of the later Roman decline in standards within a contracting settlement .
this organized disposal of the dead in large communal cemeteries , set aside for the purpose , is a useful indicator of more complex communities , so that the appearance of [alone] burial plots can be instructive ; at ilchester , the late burials within the extra-mural plots might well be indicative of the later roman decline in standards within a contracting settlement .

Elsewhere , isolated examples are recorded from Catterick , Wanborough and Wycomb , while among the small towns only Water Newton and Dorchester-on-Thames have produced significant numbers .
elsewhere , [alone] examples are recorded from catterick , wanborough and wycomb , while among the small towns only water newton and dorchester-on-thames have produced significant numbers .

No trace of a fort has been located at or near the later town , and only three isolated pieces of military equipment are known .
no trace of a fort has been located at or near the later town , and only three [alone] pieces of military equipment are known .

In a sense the recent pressure of work was a blessing , for it isolated her , forcing her to concentrate so intensely that she simply had no time to dig deeply into such perplexities .
in a sense the recent pressure of work was a blessing , for it [alone] her , forcing her to concentrate so intensely that she simply had no time to dig deeply into such perplexities .

He folded his arms across his chest , his legs braced . ‘ And leave you alone here ? In this isolated house , with the elements raging outside , and the windows rattling under the strain ? Wo n't you be afraid while you sit down for your long wait ? ’
he folded his arms across his chest , his legs braced . ‘ and leave you alone here ? in this [alone] house , with the elements raging outside , and the windows rattling under the strain ? wo n't you be afraid while you sit down for your long wait ? ’

It was all there , just as it had been the previous night : the exhilaration , the mounting excitement , the warm , wonderful sensation of not being isolated and lonely .
it was all there , just as it had been the previous night : the exhilaration , the mounting excitement , the warm , wonderful sensation of not being [alone] and lonely .

And he boobed when he sneaked off to an isolated toilet for a crafty fag — because his foreman was in the next cubicle .
and he boobed when he sneaked off to an [alone] toilet for a crafty fag — because his foreman was in the next cubicle .

The answer is that an isolated skull can not always be so classified .
the answer is that an [alone] skull can not always be so classified .

With most other lines of communication knocked out by the civil war , Porua 's La Clava played an important role in informing that isolated community .
with most other lines of communication knocked out by the civil war , porua 's la clava played an important role in informing that [alone] community .

The house has three show façades , each one isolated from its fellow around the corner , each one with different window surrounds .
the house has three show façades , each one [alone] from its fellow around the corner , each one with different window surrounds .

But investment at Bristol can not be isolated from the wider national context and large questions such as what is the role of higher education in national life , how may it be expanded , who should pay and how ?
but investment at bristol can not be [alone] from the wider national context and large questions such as what is the role of higher education in national life , how may it be expanded , who should pay and how ?

Already , Cohen has isolated more than a thousand contigs , each containing an average of 15 yeast artificial chromosomes average of 15 yeast artificial chromosomes ( YACs ) and covering more than 70 per cent of the genome , while the number of markers on the map that Weissenbach and his colleagues reported last year has since been more than doubled and is set shortly to double again .
already , cohen has [alone] more than a thousand contigs , each containing an average of 15 yeast artificial chromosomes average of 15 yeast artificial chromosomes ( yacs ) and covering more than 70 per cent of the genome , while the number of markers on the map that weissenbach and his colleagues reported last year has since been more than doubled and is set shortly to double again .

The polymer exists initially in the solid state where it is restricted to only one of the many conformations which are available to it as a free isolated molecule .
the polymer exists initially in the solid state where it is restricted to only one of the many conformations which are available to it as a free [alone] molecule .

Even in dilute solutions molecular interference is likely to occur and η sp is extrapolated to zero concentration to obtain a measure of the influence of an isolated polymer coil .
even in dilute solutions molecular interference is likely to occur and η sp is extrapolated to zero concentration to obtain a measure of the influence of an [alone] polymer coil .

Crystallites of cellulose have been isolated from wood pulp in this way by treatment with acid to hydrolyse and remove the amorphous regions .
crystallites of cellulose have been [alone] from wood pulp in this way by treatment with acid to hydrolyse and remove the amorphous regions .

By working with solutions in which the amount of polymer is considerably less than 0.1 per cent the chance of a chain being incorporated in more than one crystal is greatly reduced , thereby increasing the possibility of isolated single crystals being formed .
by working with solutions in which the amount of polymer is considerably less than 0.1 per cent the chance of a chain being incorporated in more than one crystal is greatly reduced , thereby increasing the possibility of [alone] single crystals being formed .

Although for simplicity , these network ‘ knots ’ are regarded as a set of fixed obstacles round which the isolated chain under consideration must wriggle during translation , in practice the network ‘ knots ’ would also be in motion .
although for simplicity , these network ‘ knots ’ are regarded as a set of fixed obstacles round which the [alone] chain under consideration must wriggle during translation , in practice the network ‘ knots ’ would also be in motion .

One starts with a single isolated chain and the assumption that it exhibits both viscous and elastic behaviour .
one starts with a single [alone] chain and the assumption that it exhibits both viscous and elastic behaviour .

These points should be easily-recognizable and accurately-measurable points such as runway intersections at airports , railway or road junctions , isolated buildings , or prominent natural features .
these points should be easily-recognizable and accurately-measurable points such as runway intersections at airports , railway or road junctions , [alone] buildings , or prominent natural features .

Rogers had flown over the Front many times , and he thought of it as two huge armies entrenched against each other , launching and repelling attacks massively and obviously ; but now , he supposed , the fog must have dissolved the armies into isolated soldiers , each fighting his own tiny battle , with no way of knowing whether his side was winning or losing .
rogers had flown over the front many times , and he thought of it as two huge armies entrenched against each other , launching and repelling attacks massively and obviously ; but now , he supposed , the fog must have dissolved the armies into [alone] soldiers , each fighting his own tiny battle , with no way of knowing whether his side was winning or losing .

Here and there the advance had flowed around little bunches of markers , now isolated far behind the real Front .
here and there the advance had flowed around little bunches of markers , now [alone] far behind the real front .

Standing alone in the room , with his wife 's glare enshrined on his right and the King , in riding-trousers and tunic , occupying the whole of a high-backed chair on the left , made Bishop Malduin feel isolated and unsure .
standing alone in the room , with his wife 's glare enshrined on his right and the king , in riding-trousers and tunic , occupying the whole of a high-backed chair on the left , made bishop malduin feel [alone] and unsure .

Isolated in the middle of the pacific Ocean , 3,200 miles from Tahiti , and with a sea-crossing of almost a month stretching out before him to the next port of call , Darwin 's stay in this inhospitable volcanic outcrop must have been one of the lowest points for him on the entire trip .
[alone] in the middle of the pacific ocean , 3,200 miles from tahiti , and with a sea-crossing of almost a month stretching out before him to the next port of call , darwin 's stay in this inhospitable volcanic outcrop must have been one of the lowest points for him on the entire trip .

it made us wonder how our culture could have drifted so far astray , leaving women often isolated and devalued .
it made us wonder how our culture could have drifted so far astray , leaving women often [alone] and devalued .

Thus Britain was isolated from Continental thought and evolved national characteristics in architecture as in other fields .
thus britain was [alone] from continental thought and evolved national characteristics in architecture as in other fields .

He had tried reading isolated pages — reading three pages , skipping three , and then reading four .
he had tried reading [alone] pages — reading three pages , skipping three , and then reading four .

[ Gangland is ] isolated from the wider culture of the larger community by the processes of competition and conflict which have resulted in the selection of its population' .
[ gangland is ] [alone] from the wider culture of the larger community by the processes of competition and conflict which have resulted in the selection of its population' .

Brick suburbs gave way to big wooden houses , then single-storey houses which became more and more isolated until there was nothing but grizzled , frozen marsh .
brick suburbs gave way to big wooden houses , then single-storey houses which became more and more [alone] until there was nothing but grizzled , frozen marsh .

Otherwise , she would never have put anything on record in that isolated motel cabin , all ready for Them to snatch when they kicked the door in .
otherwise , she would never have put anything on record in that [alone] motel cabin , all ready for them to snatch when they kicked the door in .

‘ If it 's so isolated then where do we stay ? ’ Maggie enquired coldly , still meeting the dark , commanding eyes .
‘ if it 's so [alone] then where do we stay ? ’ maggie enquired coldly , still meeting the dark , commanding eyes .

‘ He 's supposed to live in the land behind the mountains , isolated and lordly .
‘ he 's supposed to live in the land behind the mountains , [alone] and lordly .

Occasionally there were small , isolated villages , looking like white blossom carelessly tossed on the vast landscape .
occasionally there were small , [alone] villages , looking like white blossom carelessly tossed on the vast landscape .

As far as she could see there was nothing at all but mountains and she had a nasty feeling that they would be isolated behind them for some considerable time to come .
as far as she could see there was nothing at all but mountains and she had a nasty feeling that they would be [alone] behind them for some considerable time to come .

‘ We are isolated but quite civilised , ’ he remarked drily .
‘ we are [alone] but quite civilised , ’ he remarked drily .

The image sometimes shows incomplete leaves , base and tip present with a segment missing , or it picks up isolated points which do not correspond to subject material .
the image sometimes shows incomplete leaves , base and tip present with a segment missing , or it picks up [alone] points which do not correspond to subject material .

Therefore training a connected speech recognition system with isolated words may not be satisfactory for a connected word recognition system ( McInnes & Jack , 1988 ) .
therefore training a connected speech recognition system with [alone] words may not be satisfactory for a connected word recognition system ( mcinnes & jack , 1988 ) .

The place is isolated .
the place is [alone] .

This house was isolated , no place for a woman alone .
this house was [alone] , no place for a woman alone .

She was alone in this isolated house and not a soul knew she was here except that wretched Marie .
she was alone in this [alone] house and not a soul knew she was here except that wretched marie .

They found themselves confined indoors , isolated and without the networks of social support they were used to in Bangladesh .
they found themselves confined indoors , [alone] and without the networks of social support they were used to in bangladesh .

The death of Lardie Moonlight was not an isolated event .
the death of lardie moonlight was not an [alone] event .

This might have something to do with pacifying the masses , since the 15,000 foreign delegates had unprecedented freedom to mingle with ordinary North Koreans , normally isolated from foreigners .
this might have something to do with pacifying the masses , since the 15,000 foreign delegates had unprecedented freedom to mingle with ordinary north koreans , normally [alone] from foreigners .

Two Indian women , members of the nomadic and isolated Ayoreo tribe tracked down December 1986 in the Paraguayan jungle and taken to the New Tribes Mission base , have died in a flu epidemic .
two indian women , members of the nomadic and [alone] ayoreo tribe tracked down december 1986 in the paraguayan jungle and taken to the new tribes mission base , have died in a flu epidemic .

Such deaths are normal consequences of Western contact with previously isolated tribes .
such deaths are normal consequences of western contact with previously [alone] tribes .

Lying almost at the outer edge of the village , a couple of hundred yards off the highway , Guruji 's domain is isolated from the rest of the village and has an aura of self-sufficiency .
lying almost at the outer edge of the village , a couple of hundred yards off the highway , guruji 's domain is [alone] from the rest of the village and has an aura of self-sufficiency .

The crowded , bustling scenes of Bosch have become an isolated , inward-looking face , an entire body suspended in space .
the crowded , bustling scenes of bosch have become an [alone] , inward-looking face , an entire body suspended in space .

This paradox tells us something about how madness is seen today — isolated as an illness of the individual .
this paradox tells us something about how madness is seen today — [alone] as an illness of the individual .

Isolated , earning low wages , they mostly lose the statutory benefits which it has taken most of the century to establish — sick pay , paid holdiay , paid maternity leave , national insurance and redundancy notice and compensaiton .
[alone] , earning low wages , they mostly lose the statutory benefits which it has taken most of the century to establish — sick pay , paid holdiay , paid maternity leave , national insurance and redundancy notice and compensaiton .

All these advantages for the employer , together with the incapacity of isolated workers to mount opposition to exploitation , are the perfect answers to the call to streamline production .
all these advantages for the employer , together with the incapacity of [alone] workers to mount opposition to exploitation , are the perfect answers to the call to streamline production .

Nevertheless the essential social situation remains they same — they are marginal and disposable as workers , they are isolated , even more than women with young children who do n't work , for they do n't have time to meet others in parks and playgrounds , and they have the stress of simultaneously minding children and working .
nevertheless the essential social situation remains they same — they are marginal and disposable as workers , they are [alone] , even more than women with young children who do n't work , for they do n't have time to meet others in parks and playgrounds , and they have the stress of simultaneously minding children and working .

The Catholic church , led by Bishop Torukwon has tried to hold the Tren regime in check , but is becoming increasingly isolated , especially with the rise of the powerful Islamic Faction .
the catholic church , led by bishop torukwon has tried to hold the tren regime in check , but is becoming increasingly [alone] , especially with the rise of the powerful islamic faction .

Karamoja , Uganda 's least developed and most isolated region , bordering Kenya and southern Sudan , is giving development experts a headache .
karamoja , uganda 's least developed and most [alone] region , bordering kenya and southern sudan , is giving development experts a headache .

At the time , there was much unease in my constituency because , although Gartree is reasonably isolated , it is only two or three miles from the centre of Market Harborough , with its population of more than 15,000 people .
at the time , there was much unease in my constituency because , although gartree is reasonably [alone] , it is only two or three miles from the centre of market harborough , with its population of more than 15,000 people .

The statement that we have just heard is a statement from a double opt-out Government who have isolated Britain —
the statement that we have just heard is a statement from a double opt-out government who have [alone] britain —

It is a statement from a double opt-out Government who have isolated Britain on the most vital issues of economic and monetary union and the social charter .
it is a statement from a double opt-out government who have [alone] britain on the most vital issues of economic and monetary union and the social charter .

Why does the system in Northern Ireland remain isolated with no connection to any other system , with all the technical and economic disadvantages which that entails and which the hon .
why does the system in northern ireland remain [alone] with no connection to any other system , with all the technical and economic disadvantages which that entails and which the hon .

For seven days Seb was isolated at the farm , yet despite the handicap of a crutch tucked beneath one arm he managed to dig a narrow path linking the house , dairy , hen-house , stables and cow-shed .
for seven days seb was [alone] at the farm , yet despite the handicap of a crutch tucked beneath one arm he managed to dig a narrow path linking the house , dairy , hen-house , stables and cow-shed .

Will the Minister consider holding a meeting with representatives of Hydro-power , which serves the most isolated communities in Scotland which are subjected regularly to the most severe weather conditions ? Is he aware of the severe difficulties experienced in late December and early January when people in remote communities — often elderly people living alone — were without power for more than 48 hours , despite the best efforts of workers to reconnect power ? Surely the Government have a responsibility to investigate mechanisms to reduce failures to a minimum .
will the minister consider holding a meeting with representatives of hydro-power , which serves the most [alone] communities in scotland which are subjected regularly to the most severe weather conditions ? is he aware of the severe difficulties experienced in late december and early january when people in remote communities — often elderly people living alone — were without power for more than 48 hours , despite the best efforts of workers to reconnect power ? surely the government have a responsibility to investigate mechanisms to reduce failures to a minimum .

There are those whose properties would be directly affected , others who might be isolated by the floods , and others who could be affected indirectly through disruption to transport and communications .
there are those whose properties would be directly affected , others who might be [alone] by the floods , and others who could be affected indirectly through disruption to transport and communications .

They continue to argue for what no one else is prepared to offer and they are wholly isolated in a fantasy world .
they continue to argue for what no one else is prepared to offer and they are wholly [alone] in a fantasy world .

No wonder everything seemed unfamiliar — she was miles from home , in the Cotswolds , aboard Water Gypsy , her friend Caro 's narrow boat , moored on an isolated stretch of canal .
no wonder everything seemed unfamiliar — she was miles from home , in the cotswolds , aboard water gypsy , her friend caro 's narrow boat , moored on an [alone] stretch of canal .

‘ We shall be dining tête-à-tête tonight , ’ he announced , as Sabine 's eyes flickered uncomprehendingly over the two isolated covers laid on the massive dining table .
‘ we shall be dining tête-à-tête tonight , ’ he announced , as sabine 's eyes flickered uncomprehendingly over the two [alone] covers laid on the massive dining table .

The study of some group of tendencies is isolated by the assumption other things being equal : the existence of other tendencies is not denied , but their disturbing effect is neglected for a time .
the study of some group of tendencies is [alone] by the assumption other things being equal : the existence of other tendencies is not denied , but their disturbing effect is neglected for a time .

Previous research has shown that a child 's skill in recognising facial expressions of emotion is strongly and positively associated with his or her social popularity : socially isolated children tend to be less able than their more popular counterparts to recognise facial expressions of emotion .
previous research has shown that a child 's skill in recognising facial expressions of emotion is strongly and positively associated with his or her social popularity : socially [alone] children tend to be less able than their more popular counterparts to recognise facial expressions of emotion .

It is important that all feed pipes from the cold water cistern are fitted with valves so that each of the different water circuits can be isolated and worked on without the need to drain the entire system .
it is important that all feed pipes from the cold water cistern are fitted with valves so that each of the different water circuits can be [alone] and worked on without the need to drain the entire system .

Servicing valves should be fitted in both the inlet and outlet pipes of the softener so that it can be removed or isolated for maintenance without the need to turn off the mains water supply .
servicing valves should be fitted in both the inlet and outlet pipes of the softener so that it can be removed or [alone] for maintenance without the need to turn off the mains water supply .

All connections to the cold water cistern should start with a gatevalve so that the new section can be isolated if necessary
all connections to the cold water cistern should start with a gatevalve so that the new section can be [alone] if necessary

One could only hope that the Earl of Gloucester would realise the futility of remaining isolated in Normandy when Matilda 's cousin was already anointed and crowned , an act that even the Pope acknowledged as irrevocable , despite his disapproval of Stephen 's methods .
one could only hope that the earl of gloucester would realise the futility of remaining [alone] in normandy when matilda 's cousin was already anointed and crowned , an act that even the pope acknowledged as irrevocable , despite his disapproval of stephen 's methods .

’ The idea of the futile brave attempt to soften the life up here — for it would have been hard and isolated when the house was built and savage in the winter — trying to set a garden on this soil , in this salt air , appealed to her .
’ the idea of the futile brave attempt to soften the life up here — for it would have been hard and [alone] when the house was built and savage in the winter — trying to set a garden on this soil , in this salt air , appealed to her .

This concern over the movements of foreigners is far from being an isolated example of its kind .
this concern over the movements of foreigners is far from being an [alone] example of its kind .

The Scots still threaten in the north whilst in Europe great alliances are formed which leave England isolated .
the scots still threaten in the north whilst in europe great alliances are formed which leave england [alone] .

The spectra of solid samples often contain more bands than expected on the basis of the molecular symmetry of single , isolated molecules .
the spectra of solid samples often contain more bands than expected on the basis of the molecular symmetry of single , [alone] molecules .

The perchlorate ion can occur as isolated , undistorted ions , or as distorted but essentially unattached ions , loosely attached through one or two oxygen atoms to one or two metal ions , or it may take part in hydrogen bonding to water molecules in hydrated salts .
the perchlorate ion can occur as [alone] , undistorted ions , or as distorted but essentially unattached ions , loosely attached through one or two oxygen atoms to one or two metal ions , or it may take part in hydrogen bonding to water molecules in hydrated salts .

5.16a ) , therefore resulting in high permeabilities , or isolated ( Fig .
5.16a ) , therefore resulting in high permeabilities , or [alone] ( fig .

in an uncemented sediment , by dissolution at isolated stressed grain to grain contacts and
in an uncemented sediment , by dissolution at [alone] stressed grain to grain contacts and

This enhanced porosity will only be effective if there is either a considerable proportion of the mineral , or minerals , susceptible to dissolution , so forming a connection between isolated intragranular pore spaces , or if there is an existing intergranular porosity .
this enhanced porosity will only be effective if there is either a considerable proportion of the mineral , or minerals , susceptible to dissolution , so forming a connection between [alone] intragranular pore spaces , or if there is an existing intergranular porosity .

For example , the common dissolution of isolated evaporite minerals forms isolated , secondary pore spaces ( Fig .
for example , the common dissolution of [alone] evaporite minerals forms [alone] , secondary pore spaces ( fig .

In contrast , replacive fabrics result both from the growth , during diagenesis , of individual , isolated crystals , or clusters of these minerals , and from large-scale or complete replacement of a pre-existing fabric .
in contrast , replacive fabrics result both from the growth , during diagenesis , of individual , [alone] crystals , or clusters of these minerals , and from large-scale or complete replacement of a pre-existing fabric .

For a moment there was silence , punctuated , from somewhere deeper inside the building , by one long , isolated scream of pain .
for a moment there was silence , punctuated , from somewhere deeper inside the building , by one long , [alone] scream of pain .

Electromagnetic radiation originating within the horizon can never escape , so that space–time inside the horizon is effectively isolated from the rest of the Universe .
electromagnetic radiation originating within the horizon can never escape , so that space–time inside the horizon is effectively [alone] from the rest of the universe .

The observation of black holes must rely on indirect methods and hence an isolated black hole offers no prospects at all .
the observation of black holes must rely on indirect methods and hence an [alone] black hole offers no prospects at all .

Weber , who initiated experimental searches in 1960 , used a freely suspended massive bar whose suspension is isolated from external mechanical vibrations .
weber , who initiated experimental searches in 1960 , used a freely suspended massive bar whose suspension is [alone] from external mechanical vibrations .

Although historical events have conspired to seal Russian Formalism off from other intellectual developments in the twentieth century and to give it the character of an isolated and localized phenomenon , it does nevertheless have connections with a variety of more recent theoretical movements .
although historical events have conspired to seal russian formalism off from other intellectual developments in the twentieth century and to give it the character of an [alone] and localized phenomenon , it does nevertheless have connections with a variety of more recent theoretical movements .

Here the opposition isolated by the Formalists is between what they call fabula and syuzhet , and concerns the organization and the presentation of the narrative ( more of this later ) .
here the opposition [alone] by the formalists is between what they call fabula and syuzhet , and concerns the organization and the presentation of the narrative ( more of this later ) .

By taking only ‘ the greats ’ and dealing with them as isolated phenomena , conventional literary critics and scholars failed to convey any sense of the overall historical development of literature .
by taking only ‘ the greats ’ and dealing with them as [alone] phenomena , conventional literary critics and scholars failed to convey any sense of the overall historical development of literature .

The New Critics did not believe , of course , that the value of poetry lay in isolated metaphors or similes ; on the contrary , they insisted that in good literature all the components of the text contributed to the reconciliation of opposites that constitutes its poetic function .
the new critics did not believe , of course , that the value of poetry lay in [alone] metaphors or similes ; on the contrary , they insisted that in good literature all the components of the text contributed to the reconciliation of opposites that constitutes its poetic function .

Both Diwan-i-am and Naqqar Khana stand as isolated buildings , marooned in wide seas of green grass .
both diwan-i-am and naqqar khana stand as [alone] buildings , marooned in wide seas of green grass .

There was an interval of clashing bolts and keys turning — she had to remind herself that it must be nearly eleven by this time , and that this was an isolated spot — before the door opened .
there was an interval of clashing bolts and keys turning — she had to remind herself that it must be nearly eleven by this time , and that this was an [alone] spot — before the door opened .

During the short drive back to the inn they were all three monosyllabic , suddenly isolated in private cells of weariness and preoccupation .
during the short drive back to the inn they were all three monosyllabic , suddenly [alone] in private cells of weariness and preoccupation .

The orchard lay well back from the riverside , and the wealth of old and well-grown trees between isolated it from the house .
the orchard lay well back from the riverside , and the wealth of old and well-grown trees between [alone] it from the house .

Thus , the sequence of momentary and isolated percepts is determined by what has directly preceded it and results in a fusion of newly perceived aspects with those that are already held in memory .
thus , the sequence of momentary and [alone] percepts is determined by what has directly preceded it and results in a fusion of newly perceived aspects with those that are already held in memory .

Various types of settlements have been distinguished , from isolated farmsteads in their own fields on the east side of the moor , through enclosed ‘ hamlets ’ with paddocks and ‘ gardens ’ ( Fig .
various types of settlements have been distinguished , from [alone] farmsteads in their own fields on the east side of the moor , through enclosed ‘ hamlets ’ with paddocks and ‘ gardens ’ ( fig .

Interestingly , it cuts across several parishes , so that in some cases very small areas of parish land are isolated behind the massive earthworks of the dyke .
interestingly , it cuts across several parishes , so that in some cases very small areas of parish land are [alone] behind the massive earthworks of the dyke .

Very often there seems to be no logical reason why small bits of one parish should be isolated , surrounded by the land of another .
very often there seems to be no logical reason why small bits of one parish should be [alone] , surrounded by the land of another .

The church now stands relatively isolated with settlement earthworks to west and east .
the church now stands relatively [alone] with settlement earthworks to west and east .

Many do not have churches , manor houses and mills ; indeed most of the countryside today is worked from single farms isolated in the middle of their own holdings .
many do not have churches , manor houses and mills ; indeed most of the countryside today is worked from single farms [alone] in the middle of their own holdings .

Not only can no prehistoric or Roman nucleated settlement be found , but Saxon settlement in the area seems to have consisted of a scatter of farms ( vills or manors ) with an isolated church between them .
not only can no prehistoric or roman nucleated settlement be found , but saxon settlement in the area seems to have consisted of a scatter of farms ( vills or manors ) with an [alone] church between them .

This arrangement continued until the desertion of the village in the fifteenth century , when the settlement pattern reverted to its former arrangement of isolated individual farms .
this arrangement continued until the desertion of the village in the fifteenth century , when the settlement pattern reverted to its former arrangement of [alone] individual farms .

Numerous small groups of farms , isolated farmsteads on their own land , cottages and roadside settlements predominate .
numerous small groups of farms , [alone] farmsteads on their own land , cottages and roadside settlements predominate .

Often churches are isolated , serving widely scattered farmsteads .
often churches are [alone] , serving widely scattered farmsteads .

While the pillow mounds , either isolated or in groups , are the most obvious field monuments , other features should be looked for .
while the pillow mounds , either [alone] or in groups , are the most obvious field monuments , other features should be looked for .

’ Yet his expression as he looked at her and the strength with which he seized her arm made her uncomfortably aware of their isolated position .
’ yet his expression as he looked at her and the strength with which he seized her arm made her uncomfortably aware of their [alone] position .

In other vicinities , clusters of schools shared some part of their staff in pursuit of a common curriculum entitlement for all those pupils who would transfer from , for instance , distant and isolated primary schools to a single country-town secondary school .
in other vicinities , clusters of schools shared some part of their staff in pursuit of a common curriculum entitlement for all those pupils who would transfer from , for instance , distant and [alone] primary schools to a single country-town secondary school .

This has always been a problem for heads because the structure of the service puts them in an isolated position .
this has always been a problem for heads because the structure of the service puts them in an [alone] position .

In contrast to more conventional strategies for innovation , especially found in America , organization development is holistic or systemic in that it concentrates on the organization more than on the isolated individual or practice .
in contrast to more conventional strategies for innovation , especially found in america , organization development is holistic or systemic in that it concentrates on the organization more than on the [alone] individual or practice .

The position of the head as manager and the position of the manager as leader needs to be thought out — and the head is likely to be more isolated in organizing a school 's community role than in most of its other activities .
the position of the head as manager and the position of the manager as leader needs to be thought out — and the head is likely to be more [alone] in organizing a school 's community role than in most of its other activities .

The shot putt and resultant hospital visit was not an isolated incident in Roy 's life .
the shot putt and resultant hospital visit was not an [alone] incident in roy 's life .

Bartlett ( 1932 ) stressed idea that memories are stored , not as isolated traces but as part of pre-existing knowledge structures representing our expectations about the world , he termed these structures schemata .
bartlett ( 1932 ) stressed idea that memories are stored , not as [alone] traces but as part of pre-existing knowledge structures representing our expectations about the world , he termed these structures schemata .

All the social sciences are predicated on the notion that individuals are not isolated like so many Robinson Crusoes — who , in any case , was already a social creature by the time he was shipwrecked on the island — but are related to others in complex ways .
all the social sciences are predicated on the notion that individuals are not [alone] like so many robinson crusoes — who , in any case , was already a social creature by the time he was shipwrecked on the island — but are related to others in complex ways .

Moreover , it is one of the founding presuppositions of sociology , one might say of social science more generally , that individuals are related to each other rather than isolated .
moreover , it is one of the founding presuppositions of sociology , one might say of social science more generally , that individuals are related to each other rather than [alone] .

In short , it is not so much the isolated individual , or even a large number of isolated individuals , that is the focus of interest , but individuals- in-relation-to-other-individuals .
in short , it is not so much the [alone] individual , or even a large number of [alone] individuals , that is the focus of interest , but individuals- in-relation-to-other-individuals .

Peacekeeping forces came under fire in isolated incidents .
peacekeeping forces came under fire in [alone] incidents .

The United Kingdom , which at the 1989 conference in Malaysia had been isolated because of its opposition to a declaration calling for an intensification of sanctions against South Africa , took a lead in Harare on several issues .
the united kingdom , which at the 1989 conference in malaysia had been [alone] because of its opposition to a declaration calling for an intensification of sanctions against south africa , took a lead in harare on several issues .

The German Cabinet , by accepting that reduced price subsidies for farmers could be acceptable in exchange for guarantees of direct income compensation , apparently left France and Ireland isolated within the European Communities on this highly contentious aspect of the agricultural trade protectionism issue .
the german cabinet , by accepting that reduced price subsidies for farmers could be acceptable in exchange for guarantees of direct income compensation , apparently left france and ireland [alone] within the european communities on this highly contentious aspect of the agricultural trade protectionism issue .

Amnesty International declared : `` Governments can not brush rape in custody aside as a lesser abuse or isolated act .
amnesty international declared : `` governments can not brush rape in custody aside as a lesser abuse or [alone] act .

As isolated assassinations of the police and security forces continued in Algiers and elsewhere , three people were killed by a bomb which exploded at Constantine university on May 6 .
as [alone] assassinations of the police and security forces continued in algiers and elsewhere , three people were killed by a bomb which exploded at constantine university on may 6 .

The lack of progress in signing a Union Treaty was a severe blow to Gorbachev , who was increasingly isolated as the republics took over more powers .
the lack of progress in signing a union treaty was a severe blow to gorbachev , who was increasingly [alone] as the republics took over more powers .

The collapse of communism in Europe left China isolated as the main bastion of communist orthodoxy , and raised the spectre of renewed internal unrest .
the collapse of communism in europe left china [alone] as the main bastion of communist orthodoxy , and raised the spectre of renewed internal unrest .

The collapse of communism in many countries which were hitherto allies meant that North Korea was more isolated in 1990 than at any time in its recent history .
the collapse of communism in many countries which were hitherto allies meant that north korea was more [alone] in 1990 than at any time in its recent history .

González Rojas , currently enjoying national hero status , was represented by some commentators as an isolated figure , whereas others saw him as acting effectively on behalf of Gen. Lino Oviedo , who was generally recognized as the country 's `` strong man `` .
gonzález rojas , currently enjoying national hero status , was represented by some commentators as an [alone] figure , whereas others saw him as acting effectively on behalf of gen. lino oviedo , who was generally recognized as the country 's `` strong man `` .

Nevertheless , the rewritten version conforms so closely to the original , with just isolated words changed , that it can not reasonably be called a paraphrase .
nevertheless , the rewritten version conforms so closely to the original , with just [alone] words changed , that it can not reasonably be called a paraphrase .

In isolated centres of woollen or worsted weaving , like Romsey , Banbury and Kendal , around 9s a week ( 45p ) seems to have been a `` seventies `` norm for urban weavers .
in [alone] centres of woollen or worsted weaving , like romsey , banbury and kendal , around 9s a week ( 45p ) seems to have been a `` seventies `` norm for urban weavers .

If it seems surprising that the same forms of rioting should recur from one place to another over lapses of time , it should be remembered that food rioting was neither an isolated nor a continuous form of popular action .
if it seems surprising that the same forms of rioting should recur from one place to another over lapses of time , it should be remembered that food rioting was neither an [alone] nor a continuous form of popular action .

For example , Marslen-Wilson & Welsh ( 1978 ) contrasting isolated word recognition with recognition in context ( p 56ff . )
for example , marslen-wilson & welsh ( 1978 ) contrasting [alone] word recognition with recognition in context ( p 56ff . )

Experiments with mid-class descriptions of isolated words have shown that the resulting equivalence classes are fairly small ( Shipman & Zue 1982 , Huttenlocher & Zue 1984 ) .
experiments with mid-class descriptions of [alone] words have shown that the resulting equivalence classes are fairly small ( shipman & zue 1982 , huttenlocher & zue 1984 ) .

In isolated word recognition only substitution errors of the meet/meat kind are possible since the beginning , ending , and duration of the word are known .
in [alone] word recognition only substitution errors of the meet/meat kind are possible since the beginning , ending , and duration of the word are known .

There have been a number of studies on isolated words which explore the trade-off between discriminability of lexical items , and the amount of phonemic information used in their representation .
there have been a number of studies on [alone] words which explore the trade-off between discriminability of lexical items , and the amount of phonemic information used in their representation .

Nor could these problems be predicted from studies of the inherent confusability of the lexicon which concentrated on isolated words .
nor could these problems be predicted from studies of the inherent confusability of the lexicon which concentrated on [alone] words .

Whether information fell within this implied term to prevent its use or disclosure by an ex-employee depended on the circumstances , and attention should be given to the following : a ) the nature of the employment , b ) the nature of the information , c ) whether the employer stressed the confidential nature of the material , d ) whether the information could be easily isolated from other material the employee was free to use .
whether information fell within this implied term to prevent its use or disclosure by an ex-employee depended on the circumstances , and attention should be given to the following : a ) the nature of the employment , b ) the nature of the information , c ) whether the employer stressed the confidential nature of the material , d ) whether the information could be easily [alone] from other material the employee was free to use .

All bar a fragment of the Anglo-Norman version of Cele qui fu foutue et desfoutue , found on an isolated leaf in a library in Clermont-Ferrand , are in manuscripts still in British libraries .
all bar a fragment of the anglo-norman version of cele qui fu foutue et desfoutue , found on an [alone] leaf in a library in clermont-ferrand , are in manuscripts still in british libraries .

The Anglo-Norman community was a socially isolated but powerful group : the higher aristocracy of England with their households and retinues .
the anglo-norman community was a socially [alone] but powerful group : the higher aristocracy of england with their households and retinues .

The texts that we have of the whole Canterbury Tales are made up of a number of fragments or groups , which vary in contents from single isolated tales to sequences of several tales connected by link passages .
the texts that we have of the whole canterbury tales are made up of a number of fragments or groups , which vary in contents from single [alone] tales to sequences of several tales connected by link passages .

The use of the infinitive after see is not an isolated case moreover .
the use of the infinitive after see is not an [alone] case moreover .

It seemed to me that the discovery of Romans , Celts and Jews by the Greeks and their revaluation of Iranian civilization could be isolated as the subject of these Trevelyan lectures .
it seemed to me that the discovery of romans , celts and jews by the greeks and their revaluation of iranian civilization could be [alone] as the subject of these trevelyan lectures .

In addition , we can point to certain temperamental facts : most obviously , the youthfully ardent seriousness ; then the self-consciousness of the gifted and isolated individual — a consciousness of his own giftedness , one might add , which shades into a growing concern with the problems surrounding genius as such , and which helps to intensify an already strong impulse to express himself articulately in writing ; and , finally , a compulsion to relate his music , his philosophy- his Greece to each other .
in addition , we can point to certain temperamental facts : most obviously , the youthfully ardent seriousness ; then the self-consciousness of the gifted and [alone] individual — a consciousness of his own giftedness , one might add , which shades into a growing concern with the problems surrounding genius as such , and which helps to intensify an already strong impulse to express himself articulately in writing ; and , finally , a compulsion to relate his music , his philosophy- his greece to each other .

The other relevant facts about the gifted and isolated individual can be left , for the moment , to emerge from a more detailed discussion of his major preoccupations .
the other relevant facts about the gifted and [alone] individual can be left , for the moment , to emerge from a more detailed discussion of his major preoccupations .

In the absence of any informed critical guidance , it is true , they would be unable to go any further : the experience would remain isolated and leave nothing behind it .
in the absence of any informed critical guidance , it is true , they would be unable to go any further : the experience would remain [alone] and leave nothing behind it .

1 The action should be entirely isolated from other actions , significant or non-significant .
1 the action should be entirely [alone] from other actions , significant or non-significant .

Since all elements in a dialogue are interrelated , they are more significant than isolated sentences .
since all elements in a dialogue are interrelated , they are more significant than [alone] sentences .

The rise of Islam in the middle of the seventh century isolated Abyssinia from the rest of the Christian world .
the rise of islam in the middle of the seventh century [alone] abyssinia from the rest of the christian world .

Presumably it had once housed families of civilian workers at the army camp , but before that it might have been the home of some isolated community of wild-fowlers or oyster-dredgers , with smuggling , probably , as their main source of livelihood .
presumably it had once housed families of civilian workers at the army camp , but before that it might have been the home of some [alone] community of wild-fowlers or oyster-dredgers , with smuggling , probably , as their main source of livelihood .

High land and island studded seas provided enough cover to make our patrols possible even during gales , but we had some pretty miserable days weatherbound in some very isolated , though wildly beautiful places .
high land and island studded seas provided enough cover to make our patrols possible even during gales , but we had some pretty miserable days weatherbound in some very [alone] , though wildly beautiful places .

This of course implies that the minimum energy configuration of an isolated chain is the extended planar zigzag if the polymer is a symmetric one , for example polyethylene , polyvinylchloride or polytetrafluoroethylene .
this of course implies that the minimum energy configuration of an [alone] chain is the extended planar zigzag if the polymer is a symmetric one , for example polyethylene , polyvinylchloride or polytetrafluoroethylene .

We studied 16 patients with proved ulcerative colitis ; eight had a disease extension to or beyond the sigmoid colon and eight had an isolated proctitis ( eight women and eight men , with a mean age of 35 years , range 20 to 75 ) .
we studied 16 patients with proved ulcerative colitis ; eight had a disease extension to or beyond the sigmoid colon and eight had an [alone] proctitis ( eight women and eight men , with a mean age of 35 years , range 20 to 75 ) .

We used a perfusion system where segments of the sigmoid colon and rectum were isolated .
we used a perfusion system where segments of the sigmoid colon and rectum were [alone] .

The perfusate fluid was collected by the outflow channels from the isolated segments .
the perfusate fluid was collected by the outflow channels from the [alone] segments .

The patients were grouped into those who had a disease extension to or beyond the sigmoid colon ( colitis ) and those who suffered from an isolated proctitis .
the patients were grouped into those who had a disease extension to or beyond the sigmoid colon ( colitis ) and those who suffered from an [alone] proctitis .

In patients with isolated proctitis , there was an eightfold increase of the mean myeloperoxidase concentration in the rectal segment ( < 0.001 ) and a twofold increase in the sigmoid segment ( Table ) .
in patients with [alone] proctitis , there was an eightfold increase of the mean myeloperoxidase concentration in the rectal segment ( < 0.001 ) and a twofold increase in the sigmoid segment ( table ) .

In isolated cell membranes of colorectal cancers a second smaller β 1 chain ( 105 kD non-reduced ) was found as well as the mature β 1 ( 116 kD non-reduced ) present in normal mucosa of the colon .
in [alone] cell membranes of colorectal cancers a second smaller β 1 chain ( 105 kd non-reduced ) was found as well as the mature β 1 ( 116 kd non-reduced ) present in normal mucosa of the colon .

Fibronectin , isolated from human plasma , was obtained from Boehringer Mannheim ( Mannheim , Germany ) .
fibronectin , [alone] from human plasma , was obtained from boehringer mannheim ( mannheim , germany ) .

In a therapeutic context , appropriate cells have been successfully isolated , maintained or cultured in vitro and subsequently transplanted to restore bone marrow function in haemopoetic disorders , to provide skin cover in major burns and insulin independence after pancreatic islet transplantation .
in a therapeutic context , appropriate cells have been successfully [alone] , maintained or cultured in vitro and subsequently transplanted to restore bone marrow function in haemopoetic disorders , to provide skin cover in major burns and insulin independence after pancreatic islet transplantation .

Montgomery et al isolated cells from 18 day fetal rat intestine by trypsin dissociation .
montgomery et al [alone] cells from 18 day fetal rat intestine by trypsin dissociation .

Grafting models were then developed to assess the capacity of cells isolated and cultured by this method , for organotypic development .
grafting models were then developed to assess the capacity of cells [alone] and cultured by this method , for organotypic development .

Hence , small intestinal epithelial stem cells may be isolated in mixed cell populations and successfully maintained ex vivo .
hence , small intestinal epithelial stem cells may be [alone] in mixed cell populations and successfully maintained ex vivo .

Comparison of 5-aminosalicylic acid and N-acetylaminosalicylic acid uptake by the isolated human colonic epithelial cell
comparison of 5-aminosalicylic acid and n-acetylaminosalicylic acid uptake by the [alone] human colonic epithelial cell

Pancreatic lysosomes were isolated by a modification of the method of Ignarro et al as previously described .
pancreatic lysosomes were [alone] by a modification of the method of ignarro et al as previously described .

Experiments examining the effect of cholesteryl esters on the stability of isolated pancreatic lysosomes were carried out using cholesteryl oleate incorporated into phosphatidylcholine vesicles .
experiments examining the effect of cholesteryl esters on the stability of [alone] pancreatic lysosomes were carried out using cholesteryl oleate incorporated into phosphatidylcholine vesicles .

Figure 3 ( a-d ) indicates the percentages of lysosomal enzymes released into the supernatant after incubation of isolated pancreatic lysosomes with phosphatidylcholine vesicles ( with and without cholesteryl oleate ) and subsequent resedimentation of lysosomes .
figure 3 ( a-d ) indicates the percentages of lysosomal enzymes released into the supernatant after incubation of [alone] pancreatic lysosomes with phosphatidylcholine vesicles ( with and without cholesteryl oleate ) and subsequent resedimentation of lysosomes .

The requirement for higher concentrations to disrupt pancreatic lysosomes may reflect the fact that , in an in vitro system , the period of incubation of isolated lysosomes with cholesteryl ester is necessarily limited ( 30 minutes in our study ) whereas in the previous in vivo study , lysosomes were exposed to increased levels of cholesteryl esters for a much longer period ( up to four weeks ) .
the requirement for higher concentrations to disrupt pancreatic lysosomes may reflect the fact that , in an in vitro system , the period of incubation of [alone] lysosomes with cholesteryl ester is necessarily limited ( 30 minutes in our study ) whereas in the previous in vivo study , lysosomes were exposed to increased levels of cholesteryl esters for a much longer period ( up to four weeks ) .

Survival is least good for those people with isolated duodenal or jejunal disease .
survival is least good for those people with [alone] duodenal or jejunal disease .

Firstly , by studying radiolabelled ion uptake into isolated plasma membrane vesicles .
firstly , by studying radiolabelled ion uptake into [alone] plasma membrane vesicles .

Studies of isolated vesicles and studies of cell pH i , although providing complementary data on acid base transport systems , have defined them in purely functional terms .
studies of [alone] vesicles and studies of cell ph i , although providing complementary data on acid base transport systems , have defined them in purely functional terms .

Recent studies involving measurement of both intracellular and canalicular pH in isolated rat hepatocyte couplets suggest that ursodeoxycholic acid does not directly activate acid base transport systems in hepatocytes ( although an effect on bile ductular cells has yet to be excluded ) .
recent studies involving measurement of both intracellular and canalicular ph in [alone] rat hepatocyte couplets suggest that ursodeoxycholic acid does not directly activate acid base transport systems in hepatocytes ( although an effect on bile ductular cells has yet to be excluded ) .

The isolated arterially perfused rat pancreas model was used to evaluate effects on exocrine and endocrine pancreatic functions .
the [alone] arterially perfused rat pancreas model was used to evaluate effects on exocrine and endocrine pancreatic functions .

By subtracting a ‘ normal ’ image from the patient 's abdominal scan , abnormal gut uptake may be isolated from the background distribution of labelled cells .
by subtracting a ‘ normal ’ image from the patient 's abdominal scan , abnormal gut uptake may be [alone] from the background distribution of labelled cells .

Human erythrocytes were isolated and washed as described by Coleman et al .
human erythrocytes were [alone] and washed as described by coleman et al .

The role of reactive oxygen species in ulcerative colitis has been studied by the use of circulating or isolated phagocytic cells of patients with this disease .
the role of reactive oxygen species in ulcerative colitis has been studied by the use of circulating or [alone] phagocytic cells of patients with this disease .

There have been isolated reports indicating that spontaneous contractions unrelated to swallowing occasionally occur in the human oesophagus , particularly during phases 2 and 3 of the migrating motor complex .
there have been [alone] reports indicating that spontaneous contractions unrelated to swallowing occasionally occur in the human oesophagus , particularly during phases 2 and 3 of the migrating motor complex .

Studies have been done on humans , intact animals , isolated gastric mucosa , and gastric cell cultures to study the effect of ethanol on gastric cell function .
studies have been done on humans , intact animals , [alone] gastric mucosa , and gastric cell cultures to study the effect of ethanol on gastric cell function .

In the study by Chacin et al on isolated toad gastric mucosa beer and wine had an effect similar to low concentrations of ethanol .
in the study by chacin et al on [alone] toad gastric mucosa beer and wine had an effect similar to low concentrations of ethanol .

Adult rat hepatocytes were isolated using a modification of the Berry and Friend procedure , as described in Vesey et al 1992 .
adult rat hepatocytes were [alone] using a modification of the berry and friend procedure , as described in vesey et al 1992 .

Isolated ventricular extrasystoles are frequently found in normal healthy adults , and occur in 1–4 % of standard 12 lead recordings , and 39–67 % of 24 hour ambulatory studies .
[alone] ventricular extrasystoles are frequently found in normal healthy adults , and occur in 1–4 % of standard 12 lead recordings , and 39–67 % of 24 hour ambulatory studies .

Lown and Wolf classified ventricular extrasystoles occurring at a rate of less than one per minute as isolated and of little prognostic significance , whereas those occurring at a rate of more than one per minute were more indicative of an unfavourable prognosis .
lown and wolf classified ventricular extrasystoles occurring at a rate of less than one per minute as [alone] and of little prognostic significance , whereas those occurring at a rate of more than one per minute were more indicative of an unfavourable prognosis .

Isolated primary oesophageal involvement by lymphoma : a rare cause of dysphagia : two case histories and a review of other published data
[alone] primary oesophageal involvement by lymphoma : a rare cause of dysphagia : two case histories and a review of other published data

In the patient with Hodgkin 's disease , isolated oesophageal lymphoma was the first relapse after a 13 year interval free of disease .
in the patient with hodgkin 's disease , [alone] oesophageal lymphoma was the first relapse after a 13 year interval free of disease .

These findings suggest that systemic chemotherapy may be equally successful in treating isolated primary oesophageal lymphoma , thus offering an alternative for those patients in whom local treatment is contraindicated .
these findings suggest that systemic chemotherapy may be equally successful in treating [alone] primary oesophageal lymphoma , thus offering an alternative for those patients in whom local treatment is contraindicated .

Primary involvement , however , defined as lymphoma developing in the oesophageal wall itself , seems to be exceptionally rare , especially in its isolated form : we have been able to identify only six cases in which patients presented with oesophageal tumour as the only manifestation of lymphoma ( five Hodgkin 's disease , one non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma ) .
primary involvement , however , defined as lymphoma developing in the oesophageal wall itself , seems to be exceptionally rare , especially in its [alone] form : we have been able to identify only six cases in which patients presented with oesophageal tumour as the only manifestation of lymphoma ( five hodgkin 's disease , one non-hodgkin 's lymphoma ) .

In this report we present two other patients from The Netherlands Cancer Institute with isolated primary oesophageal involvement by lymphoma .
in this report we present two other patients from the netherlands cancer institute with [alone] primary oesophageal involvement by lymphoma .

Primary involvement , defined as lymphoma developing in the oesophageal wall itself , is rare , especially in its isolated form when it is the only focus of the disease .
primary involvement , defined as lymphoma developing in the oesophageal wall itself , is rare , especially in its [alone] form when it is the only focus of the disease .

Including our two patients , only eight cases of isolated primary oesophageal involvement by lymphoma have been published .
including our two patients , only eight cases of [alone] primary oesophageal involvement by lymphoma have been published .

Isolated primary non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma of the oesophagus seems to be exceptionally rare ; in both reported cases , oesophageal lesions were the first manifestation of the disease .
[alone] primary non-hodgkin 's lymphoma of the oesophagus seems to be exceptionally rare ; in both reported cases , oesophageal lesions were the first manifestation of the disease .

With the few data presently available , it is difficult to assess whether isolated primary involvement by non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma would be equally responsive to treatment ; our case 1 patient died of complications before any relevant treatment could be undertaken , whereas follow up in the case reported by Berman et al was too short ; only successful local excision of the tumour was reported although ‘ radiotherapy and chemotherapy were recommended to the patient ’ .
with the few data presently available , it is difficult to assess whether [alone] primary involvement by non-hodgkin 's lymphoma would be equally responsive to treatment ; our case 1 patient died of complications before any relevant treatment could be undertaken , whereas follow up in the case reported by berman et al was too short ; only successful local excision of the tumour was reported although ‘ radiotherapy and chemotherapy were recommended to the patient ’ .

Given the rarity of isolated primary oesophageal involvement by lymphoma , one may question its clinical significance .
given the rarity of [alone] primary oesophageal involvement by lymphoma , one may question its clinical significance .

The fractions of the isolated vesicular and non-vesicular peaks , obtained by chromatographic separation of biles , were pooled for chemical analysis .
the fractions of the [alone] vesicular and non-vesicular peaks , obtained by chromatographic separation of biles , were pooled for chemical analysis .

Gastrointestinal symptoms in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus : relevance of infective agents isolated from gastrointestinal tract
gastrointestinal symptoms in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus : relevance of infective agents [alone] from gastrointestinal tract

It is of interest that the acini isolated from the pancreas damaged by caerulein responded to caerulein in the incubation medium with the concentration dependant increase in amylase secretion but this response curve was shifted to the right as compared with the acini obtained from saline infused rats .
it is of interest that the acini [alone] from the pancreas damaged by caerulein responded to caerulein in the incubation medium with the concentration dependant increase in amylase secretion but this response curve was shifted to the right as compared with the acini obtained from saline infused rats .

The number of viable acini isolated in pancreatitis induced by caerulein was only about 30 % of that obtained from the intact pancreas .
the number of viable acini [alone] in pancreatitis induced by caerulein was only about 30 % of that obtained from the intact pancreas .

The origin of platelet activating factor released by the pancreas stimulated with caerulein is not known but it was shown earlier that caerulein and cholecystokinin are capable of increasing the incorporation of labelled acetate into platelet activating factor in the isolated pancreatic lobules and to increase the synthesis of this phospholipid .
the origin of platelet activating factor released by the pancreas stimulated with caerulein is not known but it was shown earlier that caerulein and cholecystokinin are capable of increasing the incorporation of labelled acetate into platelet activating factor in the [alone] pancreatic lobules and to increase the synthesis of this phospholipid .

The amounts of platelet activating factor like material detected in the pancreatic acini obtained from rats infused with saline in our study was lower than those reported previously for the isolated guinea pig acini from parotic glands and comparable with those found in the gastrointestinal mucosa .
the amounts of platelet activating factor like material detected in the pancreatic acini obtained from rats infused with saline in our study was lower than those reported previously for the [alone] guinea pig acini from parotic glands and comparable with those found in the gastrointestinal mucosa .

Both functional studies on isolated cells and conventional mRNA analysis on tissue homogenates , however , might generate artefactual changes that arise from tissue handling , cell disaggregation and separation , or in vitro culture .
both functional studies on [alone] cells and conventional mrna analysis on tissue homogenates , however , might generate artefactual changes that arise from tissue handling , cell disaggregation and separation , or in vitro culture .

Studies on isolated mononuclear cells from the colonic mucosa can be misleading , however , because of the lack of a reliable and efficient technique to purify intestinal macrophages without altering their function .
studies on [alone] mononuclear cells from the colonic mucosa can be misleading , however , because of the lack of a reliable and efficient technique to purify intestinal macrophages without altering their function .

All around the conference centre , the message was the same from all but the largely isolated activists of the hard-left : differences on the detail of Neil Kinnock 's policy review took second place to its status as Labour 's only route-map to political power .
all around the conference centre , the message was the same from all but the largely [alone] activists of the hard-left : differences on the detail of neil kinnock 's policy review took second place to its status as labour 's only route-map to political power .

At the beginning , she was very isolated .
at the beginning , she was very [alone] .

When insulin was isolated at the Toronto Medical School in 1922 , a far-sighted decision by an executive of the Eli Lilly Company ensured the dominance of his firm in commercial production .
when insulin was [alone] at the toronto medical school in 1922 , a far-sighted decision by an executive of the eli lilly company ensured the dominance of his firm in commercial production .

But there is a real Belle-Ile in the Atlantic about eight miles off the coast of southern Brittany : a mysterious , beautiful , isolated island shaped like a fish swimming north-west , edged with black cliffs and coves of pale-brown sugar-sand .
but there is a real belle-ile in the atlantic about eight miles off the coast of southern brittany : a mysterious , beautiful , [alone] island shaped like a fish swimming north-west , edged with black cliffs and coves of pale-brown sugar-sand .

’ She said there was no direct evidence linking their eggs with an isolated case of food poisoning that had occurred nearby in Bedworth in June , which was due to Salmonella enteriditis , not typhimurium .
’ she said there was no direct evidence linking their eggs with an [alone] case of food poisoning that had occurred nearby in bedworth in june , which was due to salmonella enteriditis , not typhimurium .

For thousands of years the ocean had worked at the chalk cliffs and eventually brought down these trees , and because the place was so isolated and difficult to reach , the branches had escaped use as firewood .
for thousands of years the ocean had worked at the chalk cliffs and eventually brought down these trees , and because the place was so [alone] and difficult to reach , the branches had escaped use as firewood .

It would then speak only to isolated minorities .
it would then speak only to [alone] minorities .

The essence of Congregationalism , he insisted , was not isolated individual salvation but a ‘ pure and disciplined ’ Church , an argument which retained a traditional Calvinist flavour .
the essence of congregationalism , he insisted , was not [alone] individual salvation but a ‘ pure and disciplined ’ church , an argument which retained a traditional calvinist flavour .

The moon effect , therefore , is applicable only to isolated sensory stimuli .
the moon effect , therefore , is applicable only to [alone] sensory stimuli .

The mass of a neutron slightly exceeds that of a proton and , when isolated , a neutron decays into a proton and a negative pion .
the mass of a neutron slightly exceeds that of a proton and , when [alone] , a neutron decays into a proton and a negative pion .

For example , an isolated regular polygon , such as a geometric square , meticulously ruled and cut from plane board , is not necessarily felt and seen as a true square .
for example , an [alone] regular polygon , such as a geometric square , meticulously ruled and cut from plane board , is not necessarily felt and seen as a true square .

So a horse may be able to cope with the stress of injury or the stress of being isolated from other horses ; but if they both happen at the same time , the resulting stress and anxiety may be more than the horse can manage successfully .
so a horse may be able to cope with the stress of injury or the stress of being [alone] from other horses ; but if they both happen at the same time , the resulting stress and anxiety may be more than the horse can manage successfully .

The most likely explanation is that she intended some disruption of the race and , having ducked under the rails , found herself the beneficiary of the sheer coincidence of the King 's horse — whose colours she would have recognized — being isolated from the other runners .
the most likely explanation is that she intended some disruption of the race and , having ducked under the rails , found herself the beneficiary of the sheer coincidence of the king 's horse — whose colours she would have recognized — being [alone] from the other runners .

At the opposite end of the spectrum there are elderly people for whom death can become an all too familiar experience as their family and friends of the same age gradually die , leaving them more and more isolated .
at the opposite end of the spectrum there are elderly people for whom death can become an all too familiar experience as their family and friends of the same age gradually die , leaving them more and more [alone] .

One of the commonest problems of bereavement is that of feeling isolated and alone and having no one to turn to .
one of the commonest problems of bereavement is that of feeling [alone] and alone and having no one to turn to .

The complaint of farmers in one district of Upper Franconia already in September 1939 , about the ‘ Old Fighters ’ of the Party who were ‘ hanging about ’ at home in Party uniform and occupying ‘ unimportant Party offices ’ when they now had a good ‘ opportunity to fight ’ for something , was not the expression of an isolated sentiment .
the complaint of farmers in one district of upper franconia already in september 1939 , about the ‘ old fighters ’ of the party who were ‘ hanging about ’ at home in party uniform and occupying ‘ unimportant party offices ’ when they now had a good ‘ opportunity to fight ’ for something , was not the expression of an [alone] sentiment .

Even the previous November there had been isolated rumours that he had suffered a nervous breakdown .
even the previous november there had been [alone] rumours that he had suffered a nervous breakdown .

At the moment she is going along with their wishes , wearing what they want her to and keeping her hair shoulder-length , but she feels extremely frustrated and isolated , and ca n't wait to leave home .
at the moment she is going along with their wishes , wearing what they want her to and keeping her hair shoulder-length , but she feels extremely frustrated and [alone] , and ca n't wait to leave home .

Early in the fourth century the Carthaginian clergy disapproved of a local lady addicted to the habit of venerating a martyr 's bone ; but a hundred years later we hear of only isolated protests .
early in the fourth century the carthaginian clergy disapproved of a local lady addicted to the habit of venerating a martyr 's bone ; but a hundred years later we hear of only [alone] protests .

This ‘ Northumbrian renaissance ’ , most creative in the cultural development of Western Europe , was not an isolated one .
this ‘ northumbrian renaissance ’ , most creative in the cultural development of western europe , was not an [alone] one .

The demand for bloodwealth is not an isolated event ( although it is striking ) .
the demand for bloodwealth is not an [alone] event ( although it is striking ) .

The task usually involves explaining the meanings other people 's actions have to them and , because these are rarely isolated or intelligible in isolation , re-creating other mental worlds .
the task usually involves explaining the meanings other people 's actions have to them and , because these are rarely [alone] or intelligible in isolation , re-creating other mental worlds .

The genealogy of the other lineages confirmed the exchange of women to make peace , for there were the reciprocal brides , carefully placed , isolated in a line of men .
the genealogy of the other lineages confirmed the exchange of women to make peace , for there were the reciprocal brides , carefully placed , [alone] in a line of men .

He was well isolated from his colleagues : nobody ever came over here uninvited .
he was well [alone] from his colleagues : nobody ever came over here uninvited .

And about geriatrics never again being isolated from general medicine and surgery .
and about geriatrics never again being [alone] from general medicine and surgery .

Of such an institution we see but the rudiments or isolated survivals in English law .
of such an institution we see but the rudiments or [alone] survivals in english law .

Opposed to this discrete tendency , steadily more redundant and isolated , we have two contingents — the soulboy soul-cialists and the decent singer-songwriters .
opposed to this discrete tendency , steadily more redundant and [alone] , we have two contingents — the soulboy soul-cialists and the decent singer-songwriters .

But they are now undoubtedly the most endangered of the dolphin species , largely because their small and isolated populations are particularly vulnerable to the industrialisation which has occurred throughout much of their range in the past few decades .
but they are now undoubtedly the most endangered of the dolphin species , largely because their small and [alone] populations are particularly vulnerable to the industrialisation which has occurred throughout much of their range in the past few decades .

In many ways , the St Lawrence belugas have provided a perfect opportunity for scientists to study the effects of contaminants on a wild whale population , since they are isolated from other groups , and live in a river system known to be contaminated .
in many ways , the st lawrence belugas have provided a perfect opportunity for scientists to study the effects of contaminants on a wild whale population , since they are [alone] from other groups , and live in a river system known to be contaminated .

Noteworthy individuals , such as Bacon , Hobbes , or Gassendi , are not isolated mountains in a flat desert landscape .
noteworthy individuals , such as bacon , hobbes , or gassendi , are not [alone] mountains in a flat desert landscape .

‘ … there is another park , ’ wrote Mr Hutton in By Thames and Cotswold at the beginning of this century , ‘ it is isolated and wild with a Jacobean hunting lodge worth all the great houses near it thrown together . ’ The sculptor mason now thought to have built it , Valentine Strong , whose building family owned stone quarries at nearby Little Barrington , will long be remembered for his witty epitaph in Fairford churchyard :
‘ … there is another park , ’ wrote mr hutton in by thames and cotswold at the beginning of this century , ‘ it is [alone] and wild with a jacobean hunting lodge worth all the great houses near it thrown together . ’ the sculptor mason now thought to have built it , valentine strong , whose building family owned stone quarries at nearby little barrington , will long be remembered for his witty epitaph in fairford churchyard :

He felt isolated .
he felt [alone] .

His aunt had little or no English and Edward the merest smattering of a few isolated Welsh phrases .
his aunt had little or no english and edward the merest smattering of a few [alone] welsh phrases .

It is one of the unappetizing features of politics that often when things go wrong a minister can find himself entirely isolated and without friends .
it is one of the unappetizing features of politics that often when things go wrong a minister can find himself entirely [alone] and without friends .

The result was that we were dangerously isolated with a strong coalition arrayed against us , but fortunately our opponents overplayed their hand .
the result was that we were dangerously [alone] with a strong coalition arrayed against us , but fortunately our opponents overplayed their hand .

Islands are where species form , as populations that are isolated from each other by the intervening space begin to diverge .
islands are where species form , as populations that are [alone] from each other by the intervening space begin to diverge .

According to William Julius Wilson , of the University of Chicago , himself black , poor blacks are even more isolated because any rich blacks who can get out do so .
according to william julius wilson , of the university of chicago , himself black , poor blacks are even more [alone] because any rich blacks who can get out do so .

‘ Here we are , ’ said Mrs Wright stopping by an isolated house with a large untidy garden .
‘ here we are , ’ said mrs wright stopping by an [alone] house with a large untidy garden .

Isolated detectors are sitting in laboratories around the world , waiting for a piece of dark matter — hot , cold , lukewarm or otherwise — to come along .
[alone] detectors are sitting in laboratories around the world , waiting for a piece of dark matter — hot , cold , lukewarm or otherwise — to come along .

Advocates of capital punishment are unmoved at the prospect of the United States being increasingly isolated among developed countries : such countries , they argue , have less violent crime than America has .
advocates of capital punishment are unmoved at the prospect of the united states being increasingly [alone] among developed countries : such countries , they argue , have less violent crime than america has .

Crédit Lyonnais , one of the two big banks that are still state-owned , isolated all its long-term holdings of shares in a new firm , Clinvest , and began to add to them .
crédit lyonnais , one of the two big banks that are still state-owned , [alone] all its long-term holdings of shares in a new firm , clinvest , and began to add to them .

Serbs are being isolated and isolating themselves .
serbs are being [alone] and isolating themselves .

Retracing the route from Berlin to Beijing — for let us not forget where people 's power first flourished this year - we find a even more isolated regime with yet fewer options .
retracing the route from berlin to beijing — for let us not forget where people 's power first flourished this year - we find a even more [alone] regime with yet fewer options .

The Polgars are still a united and , in a quite humane way , isolated family . The intransigence of the Communist
the polgars are still a united and , in a quite humane way , [alone] family . the intransigence of the communist

They are no longer isolated and no longer see computers as providing mainly internal services such as payroll and stock control .
they are no longer [alone] and no longer see computers as providing mainly internal services such as payroll and stock control .

This has left an economy largely isolated from the most advanced countries , with one of the world 's highest levels of consumption per capita of energy and steel .
this has left an economy largely [alone] from the most advanced countries , with one of the world 's highest levels of consumption per capita of energy and steel .

But their philosophy comes pouring out , and you realise that they certainly have n't spent much time thinking about any aspect of their behaviour , or the kind of images they project , let alone strange and isolated postures .
but their philosophy comes pouring out , and you realise that they certainly have n't spent much time thinking about any aspect of their behaviour , or the kind of images they project , let alone strange and [alone] postures .

It also isolated how he has approached the tricky transfer to the screen : ‘ Theatre is the art of suggestion and not of statement … the cinema has to produce complete images .
it also [alone] how he has approached the tricky transfer to the screen : ‘ theatre is the art of suggestion and not of statement … the cinema has to produce complete images .

Retracing the route from Berlin to Beijing — for let us not forget where people 's power first flourished this year - we find a even more isolated regime with yet fewer options .
retracing the route from berlin to beijing — for let us not forget where people 's power first flourished this year - we find a even more [alone] regime with yet fewer options .

There is a fascinating speculation about Shelley 's possible murder : Italian criminals , even today , search for victims who are isolated in society , as were the English poetic tourists .
there is a fascinating speculation about shelley 's possible murder : italian criminals , even today , search for victims who are [alone] in society , as were the english poetic tourists .

This man lived a reasonably blameless life on an isolated steading on the boundary of two parishes .
this man lived a reasonably blameless life on an [alone] steading on the boundary of two parishes .

My townie taxi-driver also found it a bewildering one , for the village of Eyam , tucked away behind the hills that form Middleton Dale , is still a pretty remote and isolated spot .
my townie taxi-driver also found it a bewildering one , for the village of eyam , tucked away behind the hills that form middleton dale , is still a pretty remote and [alone] spot .

The plane crashed near a crossroads one mile from three villages but the Dalgety seed processing plant , which almost took the impact , is surrounded by fields and isolated houses .
the plane crashed near a crossroads one mile from three villages but the dalgety seed processing plant , which almost took the impact , is surrounded by fields and [alone] houses .

Geographically isolated and heavily policed because of the number of VIPs who live in the constituency , it is not an easy target for the gunman or bomber seeking a swift escape from his latest atrocity .
geographically [alone] and heavily policed because of the number of vips who live in the constituency , it is not an easy target for the gunman or bomber seeking a swift escape from his latest atrocity .

Isolated for millions of years on the island of Madagascar , they have changed less than primates on , for example , the African continent .
[alone] for millions of years on the island of madagascar , they have changed less than primates on , for example , the african continent .

Australia has been isolated from the rest of the world for a long time and its flora and fauna are unique having evolved on their own without competition from species elsewhere .
australia has been [alone] from the rest of the world for a long time and its flora and fauna are unique having evolved on their own without competition from species elsewhere .

Isolated spines are common fossils , and useful ones too , because their patterns vary from species to species .
[alone] spines are common fossils , and useful ones too , because their patterns vary from species to species .

Isolated , bladed shark 's teeth are really rather frequent finds in Mesozoic and Tertiary rocks , often in the absence of any other fish remains .
[alone] , bladed shark 's teeth are really rather frequent finds in mesozoic and tertiary rocks , often in the absence of any other fish remains .

Mammalian faunas on isolated continental fragments could evolve , at least for a time , separately from faunas in other parts of the world , producing a whole series of peculiar animals that have no direct relationships to animals with a similar mode of life elsewhere .
mammalian faunas on [alone] continental fragments could evolve , at least for a time , separately from faunas in other parts of the world , producing a whole series of peculiar animals that have no direct relationships to animals with a similar mode of life elsewhere .

Britain now grew increasingly isolated from its European ‘ partners ’ .
britain now grew increasingly [alone] from its european ‘ partners ’ .

If political groups and parties atrophy into a façade behind which there hides nothing but the power struggles of bureaucrats in the party apparatus , then a pluralist , democratic society will be transformed into a mass of isolated individuals whose political thinking is uniformly directed by the mass media … In the Federal Republic this hollowness of the political parties is already evident in their largely successful attempts to make parties the beneficiaries of the state and members of parliament state employees .
if political groups and parties atrophy into a façade behind which there hides nothing but the power struggles of bureaucrats in the party apparatus , then a pluralist , democratic society will be transformed into a mass of [alone] individuals whose political thinking is uniformly directed by the mass media … in the federal republic this hollowness of the political parties is already evident in their largely successful attempts to make parties the beneficiaries of the state and members of parliament state employees .

Although positioned well away from the town centre , the Tirolerhof is not isolated , a regular bus service passes the hotel and the hotel will run clients into Kitzbuhel in the evening and collect them again at approximately 11pm .
although positioned well away from the town centre , the tirolerhof is not [alone] , a regular bus service passes the hotel and the hotel will run clients into kitzbuhel in the evening and collect them again at approximately 11pm .

Investment in public transport , increasing its frequency of service , speed and safety , and reducing its cost to the individual — especially in isolated rural areas where the need is greatest .
investment in public transport , increasing its frequency of service , speed and safety , and reducing its cost to the individual — especially in [alone] rural areas where the need is greatest .

People who have no alternatives to private cars will be helped by our plans to graduate Vehicle Excise Duty and by specific target measures to help isolated communities .
people who have no alternatives to private cars will be helped by our plans to graduate vehicle excise duty and by specific target measures to help [alone] communities .

But we believe that people can realise their potential best not as isolated individuals , but as members of thriving and responsible communities .
but we believe that people can realise their potential best not as [alone] individuals , but as members of thriving and responsible communities .

Alongside the villages with their surrounding lands there were small hamlets and isolated farmsteads .
alongside the villages with their surrounding lands there were small hamlets and [alone] farmsteads .

Mainland ice flowing from east to west at the time of the glacial maximum was diverted northwards around Harris , whereas the smaller , isolated hills on North Uist , Benbecula and South Uist provided little restriction to the regional movements .
mainland ice flowing from east to west at the time of the glacial maximum was diverted northwards around harris , whereas the smaller , [alone] hills on north uist , benbecula and south uist provided little restriction to the regional movements .

Little other than isolated records can be established from most of these , although there are some fine descriptive passages .
little other than [alone] records can be established from most of these , although there are some fine descriptive passages .

Traditional Clan MacLeod lands included Harris and parts of Lewis , and at the time of his visit to St. Kilda in 1695 , the MacLeods of Skye held the title to that isolated archipelago ( Cooper , 1970 & op .
traditional clan macleod lands included harris and parts of lewis , and at the time of his visit to st. kilda in 1695 , the macleods of skye held the title to that [alone] archipelago ( cooper , 1970 & op .

But although organic molecules are the essential components of modern living things , they can not in isolation be considered living . How then , did these early , isolated molecules , take on the trappings of life ?
but although organic molecules are the essential components of modern living things , they can not in isolation be considered living . how then , did these early , [alone] molecules , take on the trappings of life ?

Freshwater fish and other species are effectively island creatures , as lakes and upper reaches of rivers are isolated from neighbouring lakes , unless there is flash flooding .
freshwater fish and other species are effectively island creatures , as lakes and upper reaches of rivers are [alone] from neighbouring lakes , unless there is flash flooding .

So , for example , although there is only one species of brown trout in Northern Europe there are more than 50 distinct types which have evolved as the populations have been isolated .
so , for example , although there is only one species of brown trout in northern europe there are more than 50 distinct types which have evolved as the populations have been [alone] .

This inevitably means that in each generation the loss of individuals from the population through mortality prior to breeding or through failure to breed , eliminates not isolated genes but sets of associated genes from the pool of genes that represents the total population of that species .
this inevitably means that in each generation the loss of individuals from the population through mortality prior to breeding or through failure to breed , eliminates not [alone] genes but sets of associated genes from the pool of genes that represents the total population of that species .

It looks as if the concept of the isolated gene as a unit of selection is an idealized abstraction from reality .
it looks as if the concept of the [alone] gene as a unit of selection is an idealized abstraction from reality .

There are four types of social organization : isolated animals with mother — litter families , monogamous pairs , groups or bands of associated litter — mates with their parents , and colonial animals living in burrow systems .
there are four types of social organization : [alone] animals with mother — litter families , monogamous pairs , groups or bands of associated litter — mates with their parents , and colonial animals living in burrow systems .

He remembers vividly ( not necessarily articulately ) what it feels like to be isolated , to be partnered , to be set adrift , to be reclaimed .
he remembers vividly ( not necessarily articulately ) what it feels like to be [alone] , to be partnered , to be set adrift , to be reclaimed .

Comparisons are essential , isolated numbers or percentages merely distort the story .
comparisons are essential , [alone] numbers or percentages merely distort the story .

Unless you have a specific allergy , there is no great harm in taking something to relieve an isolated headache .
unless you have a specific allergy , there is no great harm in taking something to relieve an [alone] headache .

Their father had been arrested ; their mother was isolated in an area cut off by fighting .
their father had been arrested ; their mother was [alone] in an area cut off by fighting .

His had been an isolated and lonely existence , despite the people perpetually at his side .
his had been an [alone] and lonely existence , despite the people perpetually at his side .

In many experiments upon individuals isolated from the time-cues in the environment ( free-running experiments ) , food intake — breakfast , ‘ elevenses ’ , lunch , etc .
in many experiments upon individuals [alone] from the time-cues in the environment ( free-running experiments ) , food intake — breakfast , ‘ elevenses ’ , lunch , etc .

The Force welcomes visitors , because its primary role is deterrent , and the Force can best fulfil its mission by showing how effectively a multinational , integrated force can operate in isolated locations on the flanks of Europe .
the force welcomes visitors , because its primary role is deterrent , and the force can best fulfil its mission by showing how effectively a multinational , integrated force can operate in [alone] locations on the flanks of europe .

These important barriers in the fostering of a good realtionship with the public were bad enough : but the force was also undertrained , riven with internal struggle , and isolated from society — in a ‘ state of siege ’ .
these important barriers in the fostering of a good realtionship with the public were bad enough : but the force was also undertrained , riven with internal struggle , and [alone] from society — in a ‘ state of siege ’ .

In view of the treatment handed out to previous women demonstrators , it also displays remarkable courage , but it is not an isolated act .
in view of the treatment handed out to previous women demonstrators , it also displays remarkable courage , but it is not an [alone] act .

The sober intentions of his book were very different from the novels , plays and films which have created a mythical figure in modern culture of the artist as isolated and neglected , recognised only after his death , and whom the phrase ‘ genius and madness are near aligned ’ seems to fit .
the sober intentions of his book were very different from the novels , plays and films which have created a mythical figure in modern culture of the artist as [alone] and neglected , recognised only after his death , and whom the phrase ‘ genius and madness are near aligned ’ seems to fit .

Perhaps the most usual description of aesthetic experience in the last hundred years has occurred when the critic has been faced with the need to react to one isolated work of art .
perhaps the most usual description of aesthetic experience in the last hundred years has occurred when the critic has been faced with the need to react to one [alone] work of art .

The Victorian pub is now threatened in two ways : because it is not understood as a historic document , and because certain isolated elements in Victorian pub design have been overemphasised at the expense of others .
the victorian pub is now threatened in two ways : because it is not understood as a historic document , and because certain [alone] elements in victorian pub design have been overemphasised at the expense of others .

‘ What with schizophrenic bats , isolated skunks , long-legged water rats … we 're all verminous mutations apart from Puss here . ’
‘ what with schizophrenic bats , [alone] skunks , long-legged water rats … we 're all verminous mutations apart from puss here . ’

Unless frequent pin points can be obtained during the descent , errors in position of 20 miles or more can easily occur , and this factor alone limits cloud flying to days on which large clouds are isolated so that there are clear areas between them .
unless frequent pin points can be obtained during the descent , errors in position of 20 miles or more can easily occur , and this factor alone limits cloud flying to days on which large clouds are [alone] so that there are clear areas between them .

The clouds must be sufficiently isolated to ensure that clear air can be found by flying out of the lift .
the clouds must be sufficiently [alone] to ensure that clear air can be found by flying out of the lift .

As Pacey said of Dudek — he could never say it of Layton ! — ‘ ( his strength ) lies in his serious attempt to give as purely as possible the experience which is pure and isolated in his own mind , ’ a view which is offended by the notion of ‘ popular culture ’ and the torch-carrying it requires .
as pacey said of dudek — he could never say it of layton ! — ‘ ( his strength ) lies in his serious attempt to give as purely as possible the experience which is pure and [alone] in his own mind , ’ a view which is offended by the notion of ‘ popular culture ’ and the torch-carrying it requires .

Unfortunately these are not isolated incidents .
unfortunately these are not [alone] incidents .

They were alarmed that the continuing growth in the number of foreign tourists could be jeopardised by an isolated serious incident .
they were alarmed that the continuing growth in the number of foreign tourists could be jeopardised by an [alone] serious incident .

The Old Rectory is quite an isolated establishment and there is little local interest in her excellent food .
the old rectory is quite an [alone] establishment and there is little local interest in her excellent food .

Farmhouses are often isolated , so they can offer an ideal opportunity for the burglar — that 's why its essential that you make sure your farm is as secure as possible .
farmhouses are often [alone] , so they can offer an ideal opportunity for the burglar — that 's why its essential that you make sure your farm is as secure as possible .

No doubt many , probably a majority , of the cases of non-gonococcal urethritis are due to infectious organisms , but there remains a hard core of cases from which no pathogenic germs can be isolated and for which it is just conceivable that antibiotic treatment may not be the best therapy .
no doubt many , probably a majority , of the cases of non-gonococcal urethritis are due to infectious organisms , but there remains a hard core of cases from which no pathogenic germs can be [alone] and for which it is just conceivable that antibiotic treatment may not be the best therapy .

Re-isolation from the baboon showed the organism to be the same one as that originally isolated from a baby 's sticky eye .
re-isolation from the baboon showed the organism to be the same one as that originally [alone] from a baby 's sticky eye .

It is these cases , where no pathogen can be isolated yet there are pus cells to be found in the urethra , that major problems of diagnosis arise .
it is these cases , where no pathogen can be [alone] yet there are pus cells to be found in the urethra , that major problems of diagnosis arise .

As long as there is a healthy collection of lactobacilli in the vagina , conditions will be unfavourable for other micro-organisms , and , although a few such organisms may be isolated , their presence does not signify any important infection .
as long as there is a healthy collection of lactobacilli in the vagina , conditions will be unfavourable for other micro-organisms , and , although a few such organisms may be [alone] , their presence does not signify any important infection .

In departments of genito-urinary medicine , the commonest pathogen isolated from attending women is Candida albicans .
in departments of genito-urinary medicine , the commonest pathogen [alone] from attending women is candida albicans .

Admittedly they suffer great pressures on time and space , but the case of my client who had ‘ rescued ’ three large dogs , only to discover he could n't afford to have any of them vaccinated , is surely not an isolated one .
admittedly they suffer great pressures on time and space , but the case of my client who had ‘ rescued ’ three large dogs , only to discover he could n't afford to have any of them vaccinated , is surely not an [alone] one .

Later thinkers , such as Socrates , isolated self-knowledge .
later thinkers , such as socrates , [alone] self-knowledge .

We no longer have ‘ beliefs ’ that are isolated from the way we live or from our emotions .
we no longer have ‘ beliefs ’ that are [alone] from the way we live or from our emotions .

It is a decay that became inevitable when the infamous Beeching Plan substituted the crass motif of economic viability for that of communal need , and ripped out the steel vertebrae of the nation , leaving whole areas more isolated than they had been at any time since the eighteenth century .
it is a decay that became inevitable when the infamous beeching plan substituted the crass motif of economic viability for that of communal need , and ripped out the steel vertebrae of the nation , leaving whole areas more [alone] than they had been at any time since the eighteenth century .

For this portico , though designed in the manner for porches attached to buildings , is by virtue of its starkly isolated position a genuine military arc de triomphe .
for this portico , though designed in the manner for porches attached to buildings , is by virtue of its starkly [alone] position a genuine military arc de triomphe .

He felt that it was not enough merely to preserve isolated buildings , but that their setting should be protected and improved as well .
he felt that it was not enough merely to preserve [alone] buildings , but that their setting should be protected and improved as well .

With small , isolated follies and temples , one solution is to let them out to artists .
with small , [alone] follies and temples , one solution is to let them out to artists .

Upland valleys present additional problems because of their often numerous isolated field barns — sometimes one for each hay meadow .
upland valleys present additional problems because of their often numerous [alone] field barns — sometimes one for each hay meadow .

Literary works are constituted by the complex interrelation of these aspects which can be isolated only in analysis .
literary works are constituted by the complex interrelation of these aspects which can be [alone] only in analysis .

The medical school of St Mary 's Hospital , like the other London medical schools , was constitutionally part of the University of London , but was in fact academically isolated , and such research as might be undertaken had no facility for difficult chemical investigations .
the medical school of st mary 's hospital , like the other london medical schools , was constitutionally part of the university of london , but was in fact academically [alone] , and such research as might be undertaken had no facility for difficult chemical investigations .

It was only in the 1930s , in Oxford , that lysozyme was isolated and crystallized , and its exact mode of action determined , as described later in this chapter .
it was only in the 1930s , in oxford , that lysozyme was [alone] and crystallized , and its exact mode of action determined , as described later in this chapter .

Of the several active substances which were isolated , the cephalosporins have become particularly valuable .
of the several active substances which were [alone] , the cephalosporins have become particularly valuable .

He had much influence on the Beecham team who isolated 6-aminopenicillanic acid .
he had much influence on the beecham team who [alone] 6-aminopenicillanic acid .

He exposed cells in culture to influenza virus , showed that they were resistant to infection with certain other viruses , and isolated from his cultures a protein which conferred the same resistance on fresh cells .
he exposed cells in culture to influenza virus , showed that they were resistant to infection with certain other viruses , and [alone] from his cultures a protein which conferred the same resistance on fresh cells .

From salmon sperm he also isolated a protein , named protamine , and observed that nuclein was closely associated with proteins if it was not actually a protein itself .
from salmon sperm he also [alone] a protein , named protamine , and observed that nuclein was closely associated with proteins if it was not actually a protein itself .

Another alkaloid , named reserpine , was isolated in 1952 in the Ciba laboratories in Basle .
another alkaloid , named reserpine , was [alone] in 1952 in the ciba laboratories in basle .

The active principles of cannabis were not purified until well into the twentieth century , but one of Kraeplin 's pupils was among those who made early studies of mescaline , isolated from the Mexican Peyote cactus in 1896 .
the active principles of cannabis were not purified until well into the twentieth century , but one of kraeplin 's pupils was among those who made early studies of mescaline , [alone] from the mexican peyote cactus in 1896 .

The special nature of their illness resulted in patients being shunned socially and isolated in special institutions .
the special nature of their illness resulted in patients being shunned socially and [alone] in special institutions .

Our dwelling place was clean and very isolated ; for we were tucked away in a deep hollow , and all around the tumbling sand dunes encompassed us about .
our dwelling place was clean and very [alone] ; for we were tucked away in a deep hollow , and all around the tumbling sand dunes encompassed us about .

This is in part due to the geography of the country ; isolated villages in mountains and plains , separate regions with different dialects , modes of dress , and styles of music .
this is in part due to the geography of the country ; [alone] villages in mountains and plains , separate regions with different dialects , modes of dress , and styles of music .

In their madness , these men are competitive , isolated , and deeply insecure .
in their madness , these men are competitive , [alone] , and deeply insecure .

‘ The other member states regard Germany as quite isolated .
‘ the other member states regard germany as quite [alone] .

The latter was essentially isolated within the Conservative parliamentary party .
the latter was essentially [alone] within the conservative parliamentary party .

’ Gradually , what began as isolated pockets of thought , became a vibrant movement .
’ gradually , what began as [alone] pockets of thought , became a vibrant movement .

Their huts were 12 hours ' journey from the nearest main road , and the occasional and always unexpected arrival of the maximo lider was a cause for rejoicing and an indication that somebody , somewhere actually cared for them and took an interest in their otherwise isolated and neglected lives .
their huts were 12 hours ' journey from the nearest main road , and the occasional and always unexpected arrival of the maximo lider was a cause for rejoicing and an indication that somebody , somewhere actually cared for them and took an interest in their otherwise [alone] and neglected lives .

Then two isolated shots .
then two [alone] shots .

Ministers are now isolated as virtually the only supporters of the scheme which has been condemned by Conservative backbenchers , Opposition MPs and students .
ministers are now [alone] as virtually the only supporters of the scheme which has been condemned by conservative backbenchers , opposition mps and students .

An isolated curate who wanted knowledge found himself living a few yards from a man who at first sight was an explosive popular preacher , but who happened also to be one of the coming academic theologians of England , and an inciter of younger minds .
an [alone] curate who wanted knowledge found himself living a few yards from a man who at first sight was an explosive popular preacher , but who happened also to be one of the coming academic theologians of england , and an inciter of younger minds .

finally , Conservatism is characterized by political scepticism , or the belief that ‘ political wisdom … is not to be found in the theoretical speculations of isolated thinkers ’ .
finally , conservatism is characterized by political scepticism , or the belief that ‘ political wisdom … is not to be found in the theoretical speculations of [alone] thinkers ’ .

In the end Maxse 's impatience with and apparent willingness to consider abandoning established institutions meant that he stretched his Conservative credentials to breaking-point , and it is important to note that when at his most extreme Maxse was most isolated .
in the end maxse 's impatience with and apparent willingness to consider abandoning established institutions meant that he stretched his conservative credentials to breaking-point , and it is important to note that when at his most extreme maxse was most [alone] .

The altered structure of society — the small family size , the small dwelling unit , the substitution of mechanical aids for domestic service — has contributed as much as the mere increased expectation of survival to this striking phenomenon of a large and increasing number of aged and isolated individuals .
the altered structure of society — the small family size , the small dwelling unit , the substitution of mechanical aids for domestic service — has contributed as much as the mere increased expectation of survival to this striking phenomenon of a large and increasing number of aged and [alone] individuals .

It is the problem of how the necessary support , in a physical and environmental sense , which in different circumstances the old would obtain in the setting of a family or a closely-knit village community , can be available to these millions of ageing individuals isolated in a modern industrial society .
it is the problem of how the necessary support , in a physical and environmental sense , which in different circumstances the old would obtain in the setting of a family or a closely-knit village community , can be available to these millions of ageing individuals [alone] in a modern industrial society .

The knowledge which men desire for its own sake is never mere information , mere acquisition of separate isolated facts , like trains in a timetable , or careers in Who 's Who ?
the knowledge which men desire for its own sake is never mere information , mere acquisition of separate [alone] facts , like trains in a timetable , or careers in who 's who ?

Thus the endeavour to replace as much as possible of institutional with community care is a Sisyphean labour , which encounters the maximum obstacles , financial and organisational , quite apart from the fact that the responsibility for developing community care is fragmented and isolated through residing , in large part , with local health authorities and thus falling within a different system of finance and budgeting .
thus the endeavour to replace as much as possible of institutional with community care is a sisyphean labour , which encounters the maximum obstacles , financial and organisational , quite apart from the fact that the responsibility for developing community care is fragmented and [alone] through residing , in large part , with local health authorities and thus falling within a different system of finance and budgeting .

The prescriptive monarchy of the United Kingdom stands constitutionally isolated in a world where some forty independent republics , large and minuscule , trace their historical origin from a period of rule under the British Crown in Parliament .
the prescriptive monarchy of the united kingdom stands constitutionally [alone] in a world where some forty independent republics , large and minuscule , trace their historical origin from a period of rule under the british crown in parliament .

For lack of alternative parties or serious candidates with known individual characters to vote for , a gulf opened up between the isolated villagers on the one hand and the Roslavl ' or Smolensk Party men on the other , intent on modelling themselves strictly on Smolensk or Moscow prototypes and on Moscow 's instructions .
for lack of alternative parties or serious candidates with known individual characters to vote for , a gulf opened up between the [alone] villagers on the one hand and the roslavl ' or smolensk party men on the other , intent on modelling themselves strictly on smolensk or moscow prototypes and on moscow 's instructions .

The more isolated character of Kursk guberniia may be illustrated by the fact that the whole province contained only 595 arteli .
the more [alone] character of kursk guberniia may be illustrated by the fact that the whole province contained only 595 arteli .

Its solidarity was achieved by its sense of being a small-scale unit isolated from the rest of society , and frequently preying on it in 1922 .
its solidarity was achieved by its sense of being a small-scale unit [alone] from the rest of society , and frequently preying on it in 1922 .

Raymond Williams has remarked that the danger of the heuristic utopia is that it ‘ can settle into isolated and sentimental desire , a means of living with alienation ’ .
raymond williams has remarked that the danger of the heuristic utopia is that it ‘ can settle into [alone] and sentimental desire , a means of living with alienation ’ .

It was noted that she kept herself almost isolated from her own colleagues .
it was noted that she kept herself almost [alone] from her own colleagues .

This was originally a defence system , known as Warrior 's Dyke , which isolated the headland from attackers — another reminder of how vulnerable the spot was in ancient times .
this was originally a defence system , known as warrior 's dyke , which [alone] the headland from attackers — another reminder of how vulnerable the spot was in ancient times .

It is isolated yet beautiful .
it is [alone] yet beautiful .

Admired and rejected , the primitive rite is also linked with the city ; the isolated last line of the poem 's second section summons up the field and its dancing , leading to a juxtaposition with the urban world which follows .
admired and rejected , the primitive rite is also linked with the city ; the [alone] last line of the poem 's second section summons up the field and its dancing , leading to a juxtaposition with the urban world which follows .

Outside the Cabinet the rejected Mr Heath became an even more isolated political figure .
outside the cabinet the rejected mr heath became an even more [alone] political figure .

First of all ‘ society ’ , as distinct from the State , had to be isolated and analysed , and secondly an attempt had to be made at understanding the evolution of society , since only then would it be possible to understand under what circumstances the State evolved and what its historical significance was .
first of all ‘ society ’ , as distinct from the state , had to be [alone] and analysed , and secondly an attempt had to be made at understanding the evolution of society , since only then would it be possible to understand under what circumstances the state evolved and what its historical significance was .

But , as Mao grew increasingly suspicious of and isolated from more distinguished revolutionary veterans , he turned increasingly to his secretary for help as he tried to rally support for more radical , leftist policies .
but , as mao grew increasingly suspicious of and [alone] from more distinguished revolutionary veterans , he turned increasingly to his secretary for help as he tried to rally support for more radical , leftist policies .

Ever since Prost confirmed his intention to leave McLaren , he claims to have been increasingly isolated within the team .
ever since prost confirmed his intention to leave mclaren , he claims to have been increasingly [alone] within the team .

That , in turn , makes her feel even more isolated .
that , in turn , makes her feel even more [alone] .

The ‘ expellees ’ have in any case ‘ isolated themselves ’ from East German society , they are ‘ mindless strays ’ , many of them are ‘ antisocial ’ and the country is better off without them .
the ‘ expellees ’ have in any case ‘ [alone] themselves ’ from east german society , they are ‘ mindless strays ’ , many of them are ‘ antisocial ’ and the country is better off without them .

He and the other leaders , at the pinnacle of the fossilised hierarchy they have constructed , seem isolated from reality .
he and the other leaders , at the pinnacle of the fossilised hierarchy they have constructed , seem [alone] from reality .

In an isolated instance , it seems a sign of inexperience , of trying to include too much ; and certainly the virtues of the film remain theatrical .
in an [alone] instance , it seems a sign of inexperience , of trying to include too much ; and certainly the virtues of the film remain theatrical .

‘ The Southern Mountains are rural , with pockets of poverty that are relatively isolated — ideal ‘ dump ’ sites for hazardous and toxic chemical wastes .
‘ the southern mountains are rural , with pockets of poverty that are relatively [alone] — ideal ‘ dump ’ sites for hazardous and toxic chemical wastes .

Canadian chemists have isolated and identified a new toxin from Irish mussels .
canadian chemists have [alone] and identified a new toxin from irish mussels .

Numerous 1,2 dithiadiazoles have been isolated and several solid state structures have been determined .
numerous 1,2 dithiadiazoles have been [alone] and several solid state structures have been determined .

1932 was a momentous year in Chiswick , which had found itself almost isolated and unable to expand due to the River Thames cutting it off from the County of Surrey , and the boundary of Hammersmith to the east , being also the boundary with the London County Council ; with little or no contact or matters of interest with Acton to the north , but nevertheless a narrow link with Brentford , to the west ( Chiswick High Road had been called the Brentford Road for very many years ) , which link was considerably enhanced by the construction of the Great West Road .
1932 was a momentous year in chiswick , which had found itself almost [alone] and unable to expand due to the river thames cutting it off from the county of surrey , and the boundary of hammersmith to the east , being also the boundary with the london county council ; with little or no contact or matters of interest with acton to the north , but nevertheless a narrow link with brentford , to the west ( chiswick high road had been called the brentford road for very many years ) , which link was considerably enhanced by the construction of the great west road .

Chamberlain returned to Britain and publicly proclaimed ‘ Peace in our time ’ but he had by now realised that Hitler 's word could not be trusted , so he endeavoured to form an alliance with Russia against Germany , the fear of Communism being overcome by the greater fear of Nazi domination , However , Poland refused to agree to Russian troops having the right to cross Polish territory for the purpose of attacking Germany from the east , so an effective alliance was impracticable and Russia became isolated from that proposed pact .
chamberlain returned to britain and publicly proclaimed ‘ peace in our time ’ but he had by now realised that hitler 's word could not be trusted , so he endeavoured to form an alliance with russia against germany , the fear of communism being overcome by the greater fear of nazi domination , however , poland refused to agree to russian troops having the right to cross polish territory for the purpose of attacking germany from the east , so an effective alliance was impracticable and russia became [alone] from that proposed pact .

Concern for the safety of young children resulted in a massive scheme to evacuate children from the vulnerable cities to safe homes in more isolated country areas .
concern for the safety of young children resulted in a massive scheme to evacuate children from the vulnerable cities to safe homes in more [alone] country areas .

March 1953 , by which time United Soviet States of Russia had become isolated from the western world , refusing to accept Marshall Aid and hiding behind the ‘ Iron Curtain ’ which they had created .
march 1953 , by which time united soviet states of russia had become [alone] from the western world , refusing to accept marshall aid and hiding behind the ‘ iron curtain ’ which they had created .

In all areas visited except Wester Ross video was acknowledged to be an extremely useful aid , particularly for the more isolated farmers .
in all areas visited except wester ross video was acknowledged to be an extremely useful aid , particularly for the more [alone] farmers .

In the more isolated areas , such as Brenod and Chezery , the average age of farmers was high — over 65 years .
in the more [alone] areas , such as brenod and chezery , the average age of farmers was high — over 65 years .

He had been a recluse , completely isolated from the world , for the last ten years .
he had been a recluse , completely [alone] from the world , for the last ten years .

Becoming old and frail can be distressing ; to be also isolated from relatives and friends seems dire .
becoming old and frail can be distressing ; to be also [alone] from relatives and friends seems dire .

They are usually mountainous or isolated , making communications difficult and expensive .
they are usually mountainous or [alone] , making communications difficult and expensive .

People are not only physically but also psychologically isolated .
people are not only physically but also psychologically [alone] .

There are a number of examples of effective group and cooperative production organisations in rural Europe , but they are not well known , and are often isolated experiments whose replication has not been attempted or has failed .
there are a number of examples of effective group and cooperative production organisations in rural europe , but they are not well known , and are often [alone] experiments whose replication has not been attempted or has failed .

There must be a strong emphasis on in-service support for rural educators who are often isolated physically and professionally .
there must be a strong emphasis on in-service support for rural educators who are often [alone] physically and professionally .

Many bacteria can also be isolated from insects and may be important in the natural control of insect populations , but the only bacteria which have been extensively studied and used as pest control agents are Bacillus spp .
many bacteria can also be [alone] from insects and may be important in the natural control of insect populations , but the only bacteria which have been extensively studied and used as pest control agents are bacillus spp .

Although Bt is a single species of bacterium , many thousands of different strains have been isolated and show a very wide range of activity spectra against insects — particularly Lepidoptera ( moths and butterflies ) , but also Diptera and Coleoptera ( flies and beetles ) .
although bt is a single species of bacterium , many thousands of different strains have been [alone] and show a very wide range of activity spectra against insects — particularly lepidoptera ( moths and butterflies ) , but also diptera and coleoptera ( flies and beetles ) .

Except in a few isolated instances , there has been little systematic planning in relation to most countries ' social welfare personnel training needs and resources and there has been very limited involvement in find some countries and schools of social work that have adopted a comprehensive approach to social service personnel training and development and are directing their efforts toward maximizing the contribution of all available human resources to their country 's or region 's social development goals .
except in a few [alone] instances , there has been little systematic planning in relation to most countries ' social welfare personnel training needs and resources and there has been very limited involvement in find some countries and schools of social work that have adopted a comprehensive approach to social service personnel training and development and are directing their efforts toward maximizing the contribution of all available human resources to their country 's or region 's social development goals .

At the other end of the scale three cases allegedly had been limited to one isolated incident .
at the other end of the scale three cases allegedly had been limited to one [alone] incident .

This example was far from being an isolated one .
this example was far from being an [alone] one .

Gedge felt Charman 's personality was at odds with the rest of the band and Charman regularly found himself isolated during discussions .
gedge felt charman 's personality was at odds with the rest of the band and charman regularly found himself [alone] during discussions .

Despite their spartan , isolated lifestyle , there are no stories of women being raped or wanton violence against civilians .
despite their spartan , [alone] lifestyle , there are no stories of women being raped or wanton violence against civilians .

He lived a very isolated existence and was something of a recluse .
he lived a very [alone] existence and was something of a recluse .

It appeared isolated , withdrawn , harbouring something which , if revealed , might shock and frighten its neighbours .
it appeared [alone] , withdrawn , harbouring something which , if revealed , might shock and frighten its neighbours .

Uncle Buck is n't an isolated case .
uncle buck is n't an [alone] case .

Yet now we 're told indie bands should n't be allowed to make dance records ( because they do n't understand it ) , that at the start these bands wee quite rightly isolated by house ( ’ Here was the nation 's party in full swing and they could n't get in ’ ) .
yet now we 're told indie bands should n't be allowed to make dance records ( because they do n't understand it ) , that at the start these bands wee quite rightly [alone] by house ( ’ here was the nation 's party in full swing and they could n't get in ’ ) .

of ten , when people talked at her , it only made her feel more isolated and cut off .
of ten , when people talked at her , it only made her feel more [alone] and cut off .

She was aware of her now , not just as a daft , cantankerous old woman but as someone like herself , fearful and isolated .
she was aware of her now , not just as a daft , cantankerous old woman but as someone like herself , fearful and [alone] .

Clasper was becoming more isolated , with his dwindling support coming from a small core of left-wingers who considered the fight to be a question of principle , namely union solidarity against management .
clasper was becoming more [alone] , with his dwindling support coming from a small core of left-wingers who considered the fight to be a question of principle , namely union solidarity against management .

Initially the latter two metals only occur in alloys as they were not generally isolated in metallic form until the medieval period .
initially the latter two metals only occur in alloys as they were not generally [alone] in metallic form until the medieval period .

For the same reason they have focused on the groups who seemed most likely to be needy : the working class in the inner city , the isolated and the institutionalized .
for the same reason they have focused on the groups who seemed most likely to be needy : the working class in the inner city , the [alone] and the institutionalized .

‘ Some lead such active lives that we found it difficult to arrange a time for interview , while others are so isolated and lonely that our interviewers felt guilty about terminating the interview and leaving them to themselves .
‘ some lead such active lives that we found it difficult to arrange a time for interview , while others are so [alone] and lonely that our interviewers felt guilty about terminating the interview and leaving them to themselves .

In any event electrically supplied equipment should be isolated .
in any event electrically supplied equipment should be [alone] .

The emphasis of almost all research and development carried out at research stations ( and economic studies for national agricultural strategies as well ) is upon particular commodities isolated from their social , economic and environmental context .
the emphasis of almost all research and development carried out at research stations ( and economic studies for national agricultural strategies as well ) is upon particular commodities [alone] from their social , economic and environmental context .

Another isolated success story is reported by Shaxson ( 1981 , reported in Morgan 1981 ) in India where a village finally decided to restore its hill-grazing area and plant fuelwood trees , the scheme being designed and implemented locally .
another [alone] success story is reported by shaxson ( 1981 , reported in morgan 1981 ) in india where a village finally decided to restore its hill-grazing area and plant fuelwood trees , the scheme being designed and implemented locally .

leaving small saplings to regenerate the forest , or investing in an improved method of cooking food ) is frequently not repaid — a classic tragedy of the commons does not respect individual and isolated remedial action .
leaving small saplings to regenerate the forest , or investing in an improved method of cooking food ) is frequently not repaid — a classic tragedy of the commons does not respect individual and [alone] remedial action .

An isolated study of soil erosion and conservation by itself will not provide the answers to these broad controversies .
an [alone] study of soil erosion and conservation by itself will not provide the answers to these broad controversies .

The beneficiaries are not small farmers except in a few isolated cases where costs and benefits are seen to be equally shared ( e.g .
the beneficiaries are not small farmers except in a few [alone] cases where costs and benefits are seen to be equally shared ( e.g .

In Un Régicide ( 1949/1978 ) , the narrative oscillates between two apparently distinct , fictional universes : a ‘ prosaic ’ world ( recounted in the third person ) , in which a character named Boris is socially , metaphysically and politically alienated in the manner befitting an existentialist hero , intersects with the ‘ poetic ’ world of an anonymous first-person narrator who inhabits an isolated farming and fishing community .
in un régicide ( 1949/1978 ) , the narrative oscillates between two apparently distinct , fictional universes : a ‘ prosaic ’ world ( recounted in the third person ) , in which a character named boris is socially , metaphysically and politically alienated in the manner befitting an existentialist hero , intersects with the ‘ poetic ’ world of an anonymous first-person narrator who inhabits an [alone] farming and fishing community .

Italo Calvino 's last complete book , Mr Palomar ( 1985 ) , opens to the movement of waves and the look of a solitary observer whose gaze attempts to follow the progress of one single wave in its passage , separated and isolated from that of all the others , from open sea to shore .
italo calvino 's last complete book , mr palomar ( 1985 ) , opens to the movement of waves and the look of a solitary observer whose gaze attempts to follow the progress of one single wave in its passage , separated and [alone] from that of all the others , from open sea to shore .

But this holistic view was lost , and architecture became a series of isolated statements .
but this holistic view was lost , and architecture became a series of [alone] statements .

As a movement for social organization and mobilization , it threatened Israel 's long-term hold on the territories more than isolated attacks by guerrilla cells .
as a movement for social organization and mobilization , it threatened israel 's long-term hold on the territories more than [alone] attacks by guerrilla cells .

Before the events in Derry on 5 October , the civil rights movement did not exist ; there was only a small , isolated group of activists .
before the events in derry on 5 october , the civil rights movement did not exist ; there was only a small , [alone] group of activists .

Here colourless villages and mud houses , seemingly built at random , scraped a tired sustenance from the soil and the scrappy flocks of sheep and isolated , tethered cattle .
here colourless villages and mud houses , seemingly built at random , scraped a tired sustenance from the soil and the scrappy flocks of sheep and [alone] , tethered cattle .

At that period policies of housing redevelopment began to be replaced by rehabilitation , in recognition of the fact that redevelopment often destroyed thriving communities and the people decanted into new housing estates commonly felt isolated and unable to develop a sense of community in their new neighbourhoods .
at that period policies of housing redevelopment began to be replaced by rehabilitation , in recognition of the fact that redevelopment often destroyed thriving communities and the people decanted into new housing estates commonly felt [alone] and unable to develop a sense of community in their new neighbourhoods .

From 1931 to 1932 Hopkinson was at Wana , Waziristan , an isolated spot where he saw action several times .
from 1931 to 1932 hopkinson was at wana , waziristan , an [alone] spot where he saw action several times .

Severe winter conditions create much hardship for the isolated Settle–Carlisle line and the railway provides the only reliable form of transport at such times .
severe winter conditions create much hardship for the [alone] settle–carlisle line and the railway provides the only reliable form of transport at such times .

Grotesque isolated figures — ‘ a huge pock-marked retired captain ’ — loom out of the chaos and disappear again .
grotesque [alone] figures — ‘ a huge pock-marked retired captain ’ — loom out of the chaos and disappear again .

lines holding them into the whole poem and these passages do n't much help the reader of an isolated fragment … More likely to confuse than help ' .
lines holding them into the whole poem and these passages do n't much help the reader of an [alone] fragment … more likely to confuse than help ' .

Most power converters are required to provide transformer isolation between input and output , and the isolated version of the Cuk converter has to have energy coupling capacitors on all its windings , so that they then have to be provided as energy coupling devices plus the transformer .
most power converters are required to provide transformer isolation between input and output , and the [alone] version of the cuk converter has to have energy coupling capacitors on all its windings , so that they then have to be provided as energy coupling devices plus the transformer .

Regardless of whether we are talking isolated or non-isolated , however , the capacitors introduce two entirely non-trivial problems .
regardless of whether we are talking [alone] or non-isolated , however , the capacitors introduce two entirely non-trivial problems .

The second was altogether more clever : McDonald isolated and an offside trap jammed by a pass that Alan Pardew collected before shooting diagonally past Southall .
the second was altogether more clever : mcdonald [alone] and an offside trap jammed by a pass that alan pardew collected before shooting diagonally past southall .

If we assume — and it is probably the right assumption — that students can no longer easily read isolated literary texts , but need to make sense of them in a variety of contexts , much power is given to the teacher who decides which are the relevant cultural codes to be invoked and expounded ; Marxists , at least , are specific on the matter .
if we assume — and it is probably the right assumption — that students can no longer easily read [alone] literary texts , but need to make sense of them in a variety of contexts , much power is given to the teacher who decides which are the relevant cultural codes to be invoked and expounded ; marxists , at least , are specific on the matter .

The summit will not be all about Mrs Thatcher 's ritual denunciation of the Social Charter , her contempt for the potential of the European Parliament , her denial that the time is right , her isolated war against any truck with monetary union .
the summit will not be all about mrs thatcher 's ritual denunciation of the social charter , her contempt for the potential of the european parliament , her denial that the time is right , her [alone] war against any truck with monetary union .

Shortly afterwards Mrs Thatcher found herself similarly isolated in a one to 11 minority when the other heads of government endorsed a Declaration of Social Rights .
shortly afterwards mrs thatcher found herself similarly [alone] in a one to 11 minority when the other heads of government endorsed a declaration of social rights .

The spectre of an isolated , xenophobic China is one that neither Washington nor Moscow welcomes .
the spectre of an [alone] , xenophobic china is one that neither washington nor moscow welcomes .

Would-be parents are also concerned that their Down 's child would be unable to live alone and thus be isolated and lonely when they are dead .
would-be parents are also concerned that their down 's child would be unable to live alone and thus be [alone] and lonely when they are dead .

If such attitudes are now considered contemptible , it should be remembered that the policy of segregation continued for most of the twentieth century and many people still believe today that mentally handicapped people should be isolated and prevented from having children , even though the hereditary risks are low and can , in most cases , be discounted .
if such attitudes are now considered contemptible , it should be remembered that the policy of segregation continued for most of the twentieth century and many people still believe today that mentally handicapped people should be [alone] and prevented from having children , even though the hereditary risks are low and can , in most cases , be discounted .

It is said that as mentally handicapped people can not care for themselves , they will be left lonely and isolated when the parents are dead .
it is said that as mentally handicapped people can not care for themselves , they will be left lonely and [alone] when the parents are dead .

To place Mary Leapor more specifically in this isolated world requires various types of evidence , including the poems which must , of course , be used with caution .
to place mary leapor more specifically in this [alone] world requires various types of evidence , including the poems which must , of course , be used with caution .

In many respects , this village was more isolated than Brackley .
in many respects , this village was more [alone] than brackley .

In the twentieth century there have been numerous if somewhat isolated expressions of interest in Leapor 's work .
in the twentieth century there have been numerous if somewhat [alone] expressions of interest in leapor 's work .

They were all guerilleras , untrained , ill-equipped , isolated and vulnerable Given the number of titled ladies in the volume , it is hard to believe that their struggles were absolutely equivalent to that of , say , Aphra Behn who at the end of her life was brought to desperate circumstances .
they were all guerilleras , untrained , ill-equipped , [alone] and vulnerable given the number of titled ladies in the volume , it is hard to believe that their struggles were absolutely equivalent to that of , say , aphra behn who at the end of her life was brought to desperate circumstances .

There were isolated , confessional , misunderstood , suffering women writers , and there were successful amateurs and professionals , welcomed and supported as part of the community .
there were [alone] , confessional , misunderstood , suffering women writers , and there were successful amateurs and professionals , welcomed and supported as part of the community .

Use pictures , symbols or isolated letters , words or phrases to communicate meaning .
use pictures , symbols or [alone] letters , words or phrases to communicate meaning .

It had been sent to an isolated kibbutz with food but the Arabs stopped it and killed forty-seven Jews .
it had been sent to an [alone] kibbutz with food but the arabs stopped it and killed forty-seven jews .

At the extreme , some nuclear waste was so intensely radioactive that it had to be kept isolated from the human environment for thousands of years .
at the extreme , some nuclear waste was so intensely radioactive that it had to be kept [alone] from the human environment for thousands of years .

At first , any hostility centred on the major new roads which would have to be ploughed across untouched farmland to carry extra traffic to the plant and the proposed hostel which threatened to inject up to 700 unmarried building workers into an isolated rural community .
at first , any hostility centred on the major new roads which would have to be ploughed across untouched farmland to carry extra traffic to the plant and the proposed hostel which threatened to inject up to 700 unmarried building workers into an [alone] rural community .

However , the claim to a common ethnic descent is in principle very unlikely for all except the most tiny and isolated groups .
however , the claim to a common ethnic descent is in principle very unlikely for all except the most tiny and [alone] groups .

The argument that there is no long-term viability for a country which is economically isolated from the rest of the world is not new .
the argument that there is no long-term viability for a country which is economically [alone] from the rest of the world is not new .

The social democrats generally were not isolated from these changes .
the social democrats generally were not [alone] from these changes .

The Social Democratic Party considers it to be its positive and principal task to further the self-determination of the proletariat in each nationality rather than that of peoples or nations … it is only in isolated and exceptional cases that we can advance and actively support demands conducive to the establishment of a new class state .
the social democratic party considers it to be its positive and principal task to further the self-determination of the proletariat in each nationality rather than that of peoples or nations … it is only in [alone] and exceptional cases that we can advance and actively support demands conducive to the establishment of a new class state .

Kokand was by no means an isolated incident , and drove those initially favourable to the Bolsheviks into opposition . As Ahmed
kokand was by no means an [alone] incident , and drove those initially favourable to the bolsheviks into opposition . as ahmed

Active cases must be well isolated so that disease free horses can not come anywhere near infected cases .
active cases must be well [alone] so that disease free horses can not come anywhere near infected cases .

To the north of the area isolated tracts of limestone intrude among the peaty gritstones of the Pennines , adding a sparkle to the sombre landscapes by erupting on the surface in natural features and formations that demand attention : some are easily accessible and are popular objectives attracting many visitors , while others are little known and reached only by walking over rough ground .
to the north of the area [alone] tracts of limestone intrude among the peaty gritstones of the pennines , adding a sparkle to the sombre landscapes by erupting on the surface in natural features and formations that demand attention : some are easily accessible and are popular objectives attracting many visitors , while others are little known and reached only by walking over rough ground .

There are hidden recesses , mature native woodlands , a tree-fringed river of great charm and many other surprises — narrow lanes between fragrant hedgerows , pleasant secluded paths and a scattering of isolated and attractive farmsteads , all enclosed by colourful hills and unfrequented by the weekend tourists .
there are hidden recesses , mature native woodlands , a tree-fringed river of great charm and many other surprises — narrow lanes between fragrant hedgerows , pleasant secluded paths and a scattering of [alone] and attractive farmsteads , all enclosed by colourful hills and unfrequented by the weekend tourists .

The branch road from Dent joins in at a bridge and the hamlet of Cowgill , once a parish in its own right , is immediately beyond : here is a church built in 1873 , a converted school , the pleasant residence and gardens of Cowgill Grange and an isolated terrace of cottages .
the branch road from dent joins in at a bridge and the hamlet of cowgill , once a parish in its own right , is immediately beyond : here is a church built in 1873 , a converted school , the pleasant residence and gardens of cowgill grange and an [alone] terrace of cottages .

At this point , an isolated plantation will be noticed up on the hillside to the left , and if it can be reached without damaging walls it should be .
at this point , an [alone] plantation will be noticed up on the hillside to the left , and if it can be reached without damaging walls it should be .

Kingsdale is quiet , almost silent , with two isolated farms sheltered by Gragareth in the west , and Whernside in the east .
kingsdale is quiet , almost silent , with two [alone] farms sheltered by gragareth in the west , and whernside in the east .

Being a prosperous town , thanks to the surrounding mines , with an ambitious but isolated population ( inclined to snobbishness — and , incidentally , to anti-Semitism ) , social and artistic life was active , and one effect of moving there was that Herbert had the chance to indulge his interest in amateur dramatics .
being a prosperous town , thanks to the surrounding mines , with an ambitious but [alone] population ( inclined to snobbishness — and , incidentally , to anti-semitism ) , social and artistic life was active , and one effect of moving there was that herbert had the chance to indulge his interest in amateur dramatics .

First , isolated parts of embryos do not always develop normally .
first , [alone] parts of embryos do not always develop normally .

The animal half , if isolated , will only develop into a simple hollow sphere .
the animal half , if [alone] , will only develop into a simple hollow sphere .

The result is the development of an eye , isolated and unseeing , in the belly of the embryo .
the result is the development of an eye , [alone] and unseeing , in the belly of the embryo .

If the future muscle-forming region is isolated from the rest of the embryo at an early stage and cultured it will not develop into muscle .
if the future muscle-forming region is [alone] from the rest of the embryo at an early stage and cultured it will not develop into muscle .

An isolated animal cap will never form muscle and will only form a simple sheet of cells .
an [alone] animal cap will never form muscle and will only form a simple sheet of cells .

Recently , the inducing chemical agents from the vegetal region have been identified and if added at very low doses to isolated animal caps , muscle will develop .
recently , the inducing chemical agents from the vegetal region have been identified and if added at very low doses to [alone] animal caps , muscle will develop .

The hand attached to the shoulder in some thalidomide children is just like the isolated ‘ hand ’ that develops from chick embryos whose cells in the progress zone have been damaged .
the hand attached to the shoulder in some thalidomide children is just like the [alone] ‘ hand ’ that develops from chick embryos whose cells in the progress zone have been damaged .

If the gene is isolated then it can be cloned — that is , large numbers of copies made — and then its nucleotide sequence determined .
if the gene is [alone] then it can be cloned — that is , large numbers of copies made — and then its nucleotide sequence determined .

( Helen Lane , from whose tumour the cells were isolated many years ago , gives the cell line its falsely exotic-sounding name . )
( helen lane , from whose tumour the cells were [alone] many years ago , gives the cell line its falsely exotic-sounding name . )

The gene for growth hormone has been isolated and the controlling promoter region identified .
the gene for growth hormone has been [alone] and the controlling promoter region identified .

In the modern landscape , woods , ponds , and heaths , for example , are increasingly isolated within enormous fields of pasture or arable land ; and the other major corridor for wildlife , the hedge system , has , of course , been cheaper and easier for farmers to remove than the river itself .
in the modern landscape , woods , ponds , and heaths , for example , are increasingly [alone] within enormous fields of pasture or arable land ; and the other major corridor for wildlife , the hedge system , has , of course , been cheaper and easier for farmers to remove than the river itself .

These are more complex isolated actions performed by only one part of the body , such as bending a knee , bringing one hand to the mouth , or using the fingers individually as in pointing , or picking up objects .
these are more complex [alone] actions performed by only one part of the body , such as bending a knee , bringing one hand to the mouth , or using the fingers individually as in pointing , or picking up objects .

The whole of the northern part of the island of Krakatoa had disappeared , with the exception of a bank of pumice and a small isolated rock , about ten metres square , which was left standing above the ocean with deep water on either side .
the whole of the northern part of the island of krakatoa had disappeared , with the exception of a bank of pumice and a small [alone] rock , about ten metres square , which was left standing above the ocean with deep water on either side .

Apart from quartz and the feldspars , most minerals are dark in colour , so basic rocks with no quartz tend to be dark-coloured , while acid rocks are much lighter and usually have only isolated specks of dark minerals .
apart from quartz and the feldspars , most minerals are dark in colour , so basic rocks with no quartz tend to be dark-coloured , while acid rocks are much lighter and usually have only [alone] specks of dark minerals .

Like dacite domes , rhyolite domes often form within the crater of a preexisting volcano , but they may equally well pop up at the surface as isolated extrusions , not visibly related to any volcano .
like dacite domes , rhyolite domes often form within the crater of a preexisting volcano , but they may equally well pop up at the surface as [alone] extrusions , not visibly related to any volcano .

Thomas Hardy was born on 2 June 1840 in Bockhampton , about three miles from the county town of Dorchester , in an isolated cottage built by his great-grandfather .
thomas hardy was born on 2 june 1840 in bockhampton , about three miles from the county town of dorchester , in an [alone] cottage built by his great-grandfather .

He confronted the evidence on inner cities and , being a black social democratic scholar , dared to observe the clustering in ‘ ghetto ’ neighbourhoods of ‘ socially isolated ’ blacks and Hispanics .
he confronted the evidence on inner cities and , being a black social democratic scholar , dared to observe the clustering in ‘ ghetto ’ neighbourhoods of ‘ socially [alone] ’ blacks and hispanics .

But many young people leave home to work , and live , in another town or even country , far away from their schoolday friends and possibly living in an isolated situation .
but many young people leave home to work , and live , in another town or even country , far away from their schoolday friends and possibly living in an [alone] situation .

They will help you not to feel isolated or depressed while you are ill and away from home .
they will help you not to feel [alone] or depressed while you are ill and away from home .

Before long there were sufficient signatories for the eventual ratification and implementation of the Convention to become certain , and the prospect loomed of Britain becoming isolated as a somewhat dubious off-shore ‘ data haven ’ .
before long there were sufficient signatories for the eventual ratification and implementation of the convention to become certain , and the prospect loomed of britain becoming [alone] as a somewhat dubious off-shore ‘ data haven ’ .

In the FoE report to the House of Lords , a number of energy-inefficient appliances were isolated and examined .
in the foe report to the house of lords , a number of energy-inefficient appliances were [alone] and examined .

some solvent misusers sniff on their own in isolated places . If they have problems , help is not at hand
some solvent misusers sniff on their own in [alone] places . if they have problems , help is not at hand

Individuals who are isolated are vulnerable .
individuals who are [alone] are vulnerable .

The more isolated they are , the less they are able to act effectively as parents .
the more [alone] they are , the less they are able to act effectively as parents .

Youngsters who had hitherto been isolated on farms and factories could now take part in informed discussion on a wide variety of subjects .
youngsters who had hitherto been [alone] on farms and factories could now take part in informed discussion on a wide variety of subjects .

With evacuation and the Movement 's preference for rural settings for foster homes and hostels , younger children were often isolated in small village primary schools , where they were a curiosity to the other children and to the staff .
with evacuation and the movement 's preference for rural settings for foster homes and hostels , younger children were often [alone] in small village primary schools , where they were a curiosity to the other children and to the staff .

The tray should be in a part of the room that can be mopped up easily , but not isolated from the rest of the children and adults in the group .
the tray should be in a part of the room that can be mopped up easily , but not [alone] from the rest of the children and adults in the group .

To be isolated and relegated is ever likely to be the fate of those whose state authority falls prey to a stronger power .
to be [alone] and relegated is ever likely to be the fate of those whose state authority falls prey to a stronger power .

For both Poland and Germany , Danzig became an isolated node of half-realised ambitions , of pointless and wasteful economic competition , of half-understood fears , of provincial prejudice and wilful stiff-necked pride .
for both poland and germany , danzig became an [alone] node of half-realised ambitions , of pointless and wasteful economic competition , of half-understood fears , of provincial prejudice and wilful stiff-necked pride .

In practice it pays to start on the bigger warren systems rather than on the smaller isolated burrows with their limited number of entrances and bolt-holes .
in practice it pays to start on the bigger warren systems rather than on the smaller [alone] burrows with their limited number of entrances and bolt-holes .

This was a rather isolated place , tucked behind a hill and she used to run a little shop , probably for the company as much as anything .
this was a rather [alone] place , tucked behind a hill and she used to run a little shop , probably for the company as much as anything .

They were amazed and delighted to find on that isolated junction the tiniest pub they had ever encountered , tucked away in a bend in the empty road .
they were amazed and delighted to find on that [alone] junction the tiniest pub they had ever encountered , tucked away in a bend in the empty road .

It is hard to imagine anyone else in this island who was more isolated and more materially deprived .
it is hard to imagine anyone else in this island who was more [alone] and more materially deprived .

Hannah Hauxwell possesses an unusual sensitivity for one who was reared to the truly spartan life of an isolated dale in the thirties and forties when sheer hardship invariably deadened any aesthetic tendencies .
hannah hauxwell possesses an unusual sensitivity for one who was reared to the truly spartan life of an [alone] dale in the thirties and forties when sheer hardship invariably deadened any aesthetic tendencies .

It is truly remarkable that , given the scant time for leisure , a fine appreciation of music and literature existed in certain isolated pockets of Baldersdale which Hannah was privileged to enjoy .
it is truly remarkable that , given the scant time for leisure , a fine appreciation of music and literature existed in certain [alone] pockets of baldersdale which hannah was privileged to enjoy .

It is illuminating to listen to their own experiences of life in this isolated corner and their memories of Hannah and the rest of the Hauxwells , since it adds depth and substance to the seasons of Hannah 's own life .
it is illuminating to listen to their own experiences of life in this [alone] corner and their memories of hannah and the rest of the hauxwells , since it adds depth and substance to the seasons of hannah 's own life .

Nonetheless , the table does show that most dementia sufferers are far from isolated or neglected by friends , neighbours and relatives .
nonetheless , the table does show that most dementia sufferers are far from [alone] or neglected by friends , neighbours and relatives .

The many islands off British shores , by the fact of being islands , naturally developed their own isolated types but very few survive today .
the many islands off british shores , by the fact of being islands , naturally developed their own [alone] types but very few survive today .

The Montgomeryshire breed survived as isolated individuals in 1919 but it , too , has become extinct .
the montgomeryshire breed survived as [alone] individuals in 1919 but it , too , has become extinct .

This is a very special breed , the smallest of those of the Channel Islands , with some unusual features and a remarkable ability to adapt to extreme climates , especially those far hotter than it ever experienced on the island of its isolated development .
this is a very special breed , the smallest of those of the channel islands , with some unusual features and a remarkable ability to adapt to extreme climates , especially those far hotter than it ever experienced on the island of its [alone] development .

It began to spread to other areas after 1770 but it was not until about 1830 , when roads were improving , that this relatively isolated breed was gradually developed for dray-pulling as well .
it began to spread to other areas after 1770 but it was not until about 1830 , when roads were improving , that this relatively [alone] breed was gradually developed for dray-pulling as well .

Scouring Cornwall for a house to suit his purpose , he chanced upon Ince Castle , standing then , as it does now , four-square and isolated on a peninsular in the River Lynher .
scouring cornwall for a house to suit his purpose , he chanced upon ince castle , standing then , as it does now , four-square and [alone] on a peninsular in the river lynher .

Sheviock was then a typical Cornish church-town , isolated from the newer and busier settlement of Crafthole , which held a regular fair and was described as ‘ … a poor village but a much frequented thoroughfare ’ .
sheviock was then a typical cornish church-town , [alone] from the newer and busier settlement of crafthole , which held a regular fair and was described as ‘ … a poor village but a much frequented thoroughfare ’ .

The popularly held view of old age today is of very old people , usually women , living alone , socially isolated , managing on inadequate incomes , poorly housed , suffering ill health , dependent on younger carers , yet isolated from their families .
the popularly held view of old age today is of very old people , usually women , living alone , socially [alone] , managing on inadequate incomes , poorly housed , suffering ill health , dependent on younger carers , yet [alone] from their families .

But the possibilities can greatly outweigh such things if groups are well taught , and some of these expressions of mutual direction could well offer ways forward out of the isolated , anxious states of living of these days and into the fellowship of God 's people .
but the possibilities can greatly outweigh such things if groups are well taught , and some of these expressions of mutual direction could well offer ways forward out of the [alone] , anxious states of living of these days and into the fellowship of god 's people .

These are not isolated examples .
these are not [alone] examples .

Heseltine was isolated .
heseltine was [alone] .

Mentally handicapped people and their carers are one of the most isolated groups in today 's society .
mentally handicapped people and their carers are one of the most [alone] groups in today 's society .

The open nature of the hinterland , with Bispham village isolated amongst the trees , contrasts with the same scene today .
the open nature of the hinterland , with bispham village [alone] amongst the trees , contrasts with the same scene today .

This would leave the Marton route isolated , deprived of its remunerative summer extension to South Pier and its Circular Tour traffic .
this would leave the marton route [alone] , deprived of its remunerative summer extension to south pier and its circular tour traffic .

He did not merely jump on the bandwagon of the great railway boom , but rethought the whole business from scratch and — with sound reasoning — adopted a broad gauge ( 7 feet ) which only had to be converted to the ‘ standard ’ gauge of 4 feet 8½ inches after nearly sixty years because it had become isolated from the rest of the country 's railway network .
he did not merely jump on the bandwagon of the great railway boom , but rethought the whole business from scratch and — with sound reasoning — adopted a broad gauge ( 7 feet ) which only had to be converted to the ‘ standard ’ gauge of 4 feet 8½ inches after nearly sixty years because it had become [alone] from the rest of the country 's railway network .

His isolated Ottery childhood had provided few opportunities for exploring the possibilities of friendship .
his [alone] ottery childhood had provided few opportunities for exploring the possibilities of friendship .

His widow , Anna-Maria St Albyn , did not choose to live in so isolated a place , and her great nephew , heir to the estate , was still a child .
his widow , anna-maria st albyn , did not choose to live in so [alone] a place , and her great nephew , heir to the estate , was still a child .

The form of the elevated blood pressure may be isolated systolic , isolated diastolic or a combination of both .
the form of the elevated blood pressure may be [alone] systolic , [alone] diastolic or a combination of both .

For patients with isolated systolic hypertension perhaps there is only a place for dietary therapy , as although this form of hypertension is associated with increased mortality and morbidity ( Kannel et al , 1980 ) , evidence is lacking that drug therapy is beneficial .
for patients with [alone] systolic hypertension perhaps there is only a place for dietary therapy , as although this form of hypertension is associated with increased mortality and morbidity ( kannel et al , 1980 ) , evidence is lacking that drug therapy is beneficial .

Such organic-rich shales are likely to constitute a much more widespread potential source for hydrocarbons — probably mainly for gas and condensate — than the coals of the deltas which are restricted to the northern part of the region , although the possibility that isolated intermontane coal basins may have developed further south in the later Carboniferous can not be excluded .
such organic-rich shales are likely to constitute a much more widespread potential source for hydrocarbons — probably mainly for gas and condensate — than the coals of the deltas which are restricted to the northern part of the region , although the possibility that [alone] intermontane coal basins may have developed further south in the later carboniferous can not be excluded .

If not , the pore spaces remain isolated ‘ vugs ’ .
if not , the pore spaces remain [alone] ‘ vugs ’ .

The computation of stress gradient is therefore made with the stress model equal to The fracture initiation pressure over the interval 2665 to 2689 m is computed to exceed overburden pressure , with the exception of isolated points at 2680 .
the computation of stress gradient is therefore made with the stress model equal to the fracture initiation pressure over the interval 2665 to 2689 m is computed to exceed overburden pressure , with the exception of [alone] points at 2680 .

The effect of such disturbances on isolated parts of the organisation structure , individuals , resources etc may be obvious , but the overall effect and how the changes relate to current practices may not be so clear .
the effect of such disturbances on [alone] parts of the organisation structure , individuals , resources etc may be obvious , but the overall effect and how the changes relate to current practices may not be so clear .

It was suggested that the morale of Registry staff was low , and they appeared isolated from other parts of the departments with no appreciation of their role in terms of other functions , due to the lack of feedback about their performance in meeting the needs of the users .
it was suggested that the morale of registry staff was low , and they appeared [alone] from other parts of the departments with no appreciation of their role in terms of other functions , due to the lack of feedback about their performance in meeting the needs of the users .

The most systematic study of legacies sub modo , while drawing attention to the Scaevolan cases in which trusts are construed , points out that this amounted to no more than an isolated and sporadic tendency .
the most systematic study of legacies sub modo , while drawing attention to the scaevolan cases in which trusts are construed , points out that this amounted to no more than an [alone] and sporadic tendency .

Old Herr Stern , isolated in the silent world of the deaf , munched grimly and spoke not at all , whilst the Zimmermans ' desultory attempts to engage their guests in conversation were soon abandoned .
old herr stern , [alone] in the silent world of the deaf , munched grimly and spoke not at all , whilst the zimmermans ' desultory attempts to engage their guests in conversation were soon abandoned .

It was generally hated by its subjects for its tedium and excruciating monotony , as the isolated officer patrolled the city streets at night , and was physically separated from both peers and public .
it was generally hated by its subjects for its tedium and excruciating monotony , as the [alone] officer patrolled the city streets at night , and was physically separated from both peers and public .

That 's not an isolated incident .
that 's not an [alone] incident .

These are the isolated witches ; the hermits or ascetics of the occult .
these are the [alone] witches ; the hermits or ascetics of the occult .

Mobile shops are invaluable for people who live in rural areas , in the suburbs of large towns , or in isolated housing estates .
mobile shops are invaluable for people who live in rural areas , in the suburbs of large towns , or in [alone] housing estates .

Hibernation deaths are probably common , although in most cases they probably result in isolated carcases well apart from each other .
hibernation deaths are probably common , although in most cases they probably result in [alone] carcases well apart from each other .

The jaws were unrecognizable by this stage , and all the teeth were exposed as isolated teeth .
the jaws were unrecognizable by this stage , and all the teeth were exposed as [alone] teeth .

This is a pattern that has some similarities to the breakage produced by predators , due mainly to the abundance of isolated teeth , but the absence of mandibles and the good preservation of the major limb bones are points of difference .
this is a pattern that has some similarities to the breakage produced by predators , due mainly to the abundance of [alone] teeth , but the absence of mandibles and the good preservation of the major limb bones are points of difference .

By contrast , the percentages of isolated teeth are higher in the trampled sample , and in the case of the incisors is greater than 100 per cent , indicating loss of jaws from the sample ( see Chapter 3 ) , in this case almost entirely maxillae ( Table 1.2 ) .
by contrast , the percentages of [alone] teeth are higher in the trampled sample , and in the case of the incisors is greater than 100 per cent , indicating loss of jaws from the sample ( see chapter 3 ) , in this case almost entirely maxillae ( table 1.2 ) .

There is no great difference in the relative proportions of distal limb elements to proximal ones , nor in postcrania to crania ( discounting the excess of isolated teeth in the nest sample ) .
there is no great difference in the relative proportions of distal limb elements to proximal ones , nor in postcrania to crania ( discounting the excess of [alone] teeth in the nest sample ) .

The pattern that emerges from these results on trampling is one of breakage of skulls , jaws and postcrania leading to complete absence of skulls , reduction in numbers of maxillae , considerable loss of teeth from the jaws leading to large numbers of isolated teeth , considerable breakage of larger postcranial elements and some degree of loss , but no loss or breakage of smaller elements .
the pattern that emerges from these results on trampling is one of breakage of skulls , jaws and postcrania leading to complete absence of skulls , reduction in numbers of maxillae , considerable loss of teeth from the jaws leading to large numbers of [alone] teeth , considerable breakage of larger postcranial elements and some degree of loss , but no loss or breakage of smaller elements .

After the additional 18 months exposure of the isolated bones , the skulls and mandibles were still intact , but where any sutures were exposed to the weather they had started to open out .
after the additional 18 months exposure of the [alone] bones , the skulls and mandibles were still intact , but where any sutures were exposed to the weather they had started to open out .

4 isolated teeth ( 12.5 per cent )
4 [alone] teeth ( 12.5 per cent )

Table 10 ) Sample sizes are small ( 35 bones compared with 2135 from the scats ) , but it would appear that the numbers and proportions of isolated teeth and jaws are low compared with the numbers of vertebrae and pelves/scapulae .
table 10 ) sample sizes are small ( 35 bones compared with 2135 from the scats ) , but it would appear that the numbers and proportions of [alone] teeth and jaws are low compared with the numbers of vertebrae and pelves/scapulae .

He found isolated teeth to be the most abundant element in transported fossil assemblages , with elements that were either long and thin ( e.g .
he found [alone] teeth to be the most abundant element in transported fossil assemblages , with elements that were either long and thin ( e.g .

Few limb bones were complete , but distal humeri and tibiae , proximal ulnae and fragmentary mandibles were most common after isolated teeth .
few limb bones were complete , but distal humeri and tibiae , proximal ulnae and fragmentary mandibles were most common after [alone] teeth .

Isolated teeth were little damaged by any of the sediment types .
[alone] teeth were little damaged by any of the sediment types .

The norm against which relative abundance is measured is 100 per cent for skulls , mandibles and all postcranial elements ; and 0 per cent for isolated teeth .
the norm against which relative abundance is measured is 100 per cent for skulls , mandibles and all postcranial elements ; and 0 per cent for [alone] teeth .

In other words , if the prey skeletons were perfectly preserved there would be no losses from the cranial and postcranial skeleton , and there would be no isolated teeth because they would all still be in place in the jaws .
in other words , if the prey skeletons were perfectly preserved there would be no losses from the cranial and postcranial skeleton , and there would be no [alone] teeth because they would all still be in place in the jaws .

The average relative abundances ( that is the means of the relative abundances for all skeletal elements except for the isolated teeth ) vary from 30.2 to 71.2 per cent for the seven barn owl samples ( Table 2.3 ) .
the average relative abundances ( that is the means of the relative abundances for all skeletal elements except for the [alone] teeth ) vary from 30.2 to 71.2 per cent for the seven barn owl samples ( table 2.3 ) .

All show the same pattern of generally high proportions of cranial and postcranial elements and low proportions of isolated teeth .
all show the same pattern of generally high proportions of cranial and postcranial elements and low proportions of [alone] teeth .

3.3 ) , but it still has the low proportions of isolated teeth seen in the typical owls .
3.3 ) , but it still has the low proportions of [alone] teeth seen in the typical owls .

3.3 ) , and the numbers of isolated teeth are also greater , indicating increasing bone destruction of the jaws .
3.3 ) , and the numbers of [alone] teeth are also greater , indicating increasing bone destruction of the jaws .

The second compares the number of all major postcranial elements , the femur , tibia , humerus , radius and ulna , with not just the mandible and maxilla but the isolated molars as well .
the second compares the number of all major postcranial elements , the femur , tibia , humerus , radius and ulna , with not just the mandible and maxilla but the [alone] molars as well .

The proportions of isolated maxillae to maxillae present in the skulls ( columns 4 and 5 of Table 3.5 ) distinguish four groups of predator assemblage .
the proportions of [alone] maxillae to maxillae present in the skulls ( columns 4 and 5 of table 3.5 ) distinguish four groups of predator assemblage .

Firstly are those with little damage to the skull , where the ratio of isolated to associated maxillae is less that 0.5 ( column 5 ) or the percentage of maxillae in skulls ( per cent completeness ) is more then 70 per cent ( column 4 ) .
firstly are those with little damage to the skull , where the ratio of [alone] to associated maxillae is less that 0.5 ( column 5 ) or the percentage of maxillae in skulls ( per cent completeness ) is more then 70 per cent ( column 4 ) .

It is interesting that the short-eared owl assemblages , which do not have such extreme degrees of skull breakage , have the lowest percentage of zygomatic preservation of all owl assemblages : both the skulls and isolated maxillae of the prey individuals are ‘ rounded off ’ in the pellets of this species , with all projecting processes destroyed .
it is interesting that the short-eared owl assemblages , which do not have such extreme degrees of skull breakage , have the lowest percentage of zygomatic preservation of all owl assemblages : both the skulls and [alone] maxillae of the prey individuals are ‘ rounded off ’ in the pellets of this species , with all projecting processes destroyed .

Loss of isolated teeth
loss of [alone] teeth

An index of loss of mandibles and maxillae from the predator assemblages is given by the numbers of isolated teeth in the assemblages compared with the empty alveolar spaces in the known samples of upper and lower jaws ( which is given by the figures in column 1 , Table 3.6 for molar loss , and column 4 in the same table for incisor loss ) : see Table 3.9 .
an index of loss of mandibles and maxillae from the predator assemblages is given by the numbers of [alone] teeth in the assemblages compared with the empty alveolar spaces in the known samples of upper and lower jaws ( which is given by the figures in column 1 , table 3.6 for molar loss , and column 4 in the same table for incisor loss ) : see table 3.9 .

The results of the analysis in Table 3.9 show that several species have consistent deficits of isolated teeth in their prey assemblages .
the results of the analysis in table 3.9 show that several species have consistent deficits of [alone] teeth in their prey assemblages .

The great grey owl assemblage has a deficit of isolated molars but an excess of incisors , and this may be considered significant .
the great grey owl assemblage has a deficit of [alone] molars but an excess of incisors , and this may be considered significant .

Table 3.9 Comparison of numbers of isolated teeth in pellet samples with numbers missing from mandibles and maxillae .
table 3.9 comparison of numbers of [alone] teeth in pellet samples with numbers missing from mandibles and maxillae .

There remain to be considered the three species for which there is an apparent excess of isolated teeth .
there remain to be considered the three species for which there is an apparent excess of [alone] teeth .

It is considered , therefore , that the excess of isolated incisors is real and can be attributed to preferential destruction of upper and lower jaws .
it is considered , therefore , that the excess of [alone] incisors is real and can be attributed to preferential destruction of upper and lower jaws .

Finally , the kestrel has large excesses of isolated teeth for both incisors and molars , and all three samples show a similar pattern , although with a greater range of variation than was seen in the tawny owl : incisor excess range of 110–172 per cent .
finally , the kestrel has large excesses of [alone] teeth for both incisors and molars , and all three samples show a similar pattern , although with a greater range of variation than was seen in the tawny owl : incisor excess range of 110–172 per cent .

One is that it applies to both molars and incisors ; secondly , a check of the pellet debris failed to reveal any additional isolated teeth ; and thirdly , the teeth that are present show an advanced state of degradation due to digestive corrosion ( see below ) .
one is that it applies to both molars and incisors ; secondly , a check of the pellet debris failed to reveal any additional [alone] teeth ; and thirdly , the teeth that are present show an advanced state of degradation due to digestive corrosion ( see below ) .

Table 3.10 Molar breakage of in situ molars ( in mandibles and maxillae ) and of isolated molars .
table 3.10 molar breakage of in situ molars ( in mandibles and maxillae ) and of [alone] molars .

but the breakage of isolated molars is divided between chipping , where single cusps or ends of salient angles of the tooth are broken , and splitting , where the break runs vertically through the crown , separating off a whole section of cusp and root or a whole lobe of a microtine tooth .
but the breakage of [alone] molars is divided between chipping , where single cusps or ends of salient angles of the tooth are broken , and splitting , where the break runs vertically through the crown , separating off a whole section of cusp and root or a whole lobe of a microtine tooth .

11 Incisor breakage in situ and isolated incisors .
11 incisor breakage in situ and [alone] incisors .

Three species of owl produce slightly higher levels of breakage of the teeth of their prey , mainly of isolated teeth rather than those preserved in the jaws , and these will be seen below to be the same species that produce the greatest degrees of digestion , namely the European eagle owl , tawny owl and little owl .
three species of owl produce slightly higher levels of breakage of the teeth of their prey , mainly of [alone] teeth rather than those preserved in the jaws , and these will be seen below to be the same species that produce the greatest degrees of digestion , namely the european eagle owl , tawny owl and little owl .

The distinction is made between molars in place in mandibles or maxillae , and isolated molars .
the distinction is made between molars in place in mandibles or maxillae , and [alone] molars .

The final column of Table 3.12 also shows the summed results for both in situ and isolated molars ; this was done because post-depositional loss of teeth from the jaws increases the numbers of isolated teeth in fossil samples , which would include both the teeth already isolated in the pellet and the ones that were still in jaws in the pellet but became separated later .
the final column of table 3.12 also shows the summed results for both in situ and [alone] molars ; this was done because post-depositional loss of teeth from the jaws increases the numbers of [alone] teeth in fossil samples , which would include both the teeth already [alone] in the pellet and the ones that were still in jaws in the pellet but became separated later .

As a result , the proportions of digested teeth declines as post-depositional breakage increases because the isolated teeth are usually more frequently digested than are the in situ teeth ( compare Table 3.12 columns 4 and 6 ) .
as a result , the proportions of digested teeth declines as post-depositional breakage increases because the [alone] teeth are usually more frequently digested than are the in situ teeth ( compare table 3.12 columns 4 and 6 ) .

Most of these were isolated teeth , although the sample size for isolated teeth was small .
most of these were [alone] teeth , although the sample size for [alone] teeth was small .

Table 3.12 Molar digestion of in situ and isolated molars .
table 3.12 molar digestion of in situ and [alone] molars .

The isolated teeth are considerably more digested than the in situ molars , both in terms of frequency and degree , but the pattern is the same in both , and combining them in a single sample gives a digestion index varying from 18–22 per cent for the means and 15–62 per cent for the total range of all samples .
the [alone] teeth are considerably more digested than the in situ molars , both in terms of frequency and degree , but the pattern is the same in both , and combining them in a single sample gives a digestion index varying from 18–22 per cent for the means and 15–62 per cent for the total range of all samples .

It is also higher on in situ upper incisors than on the lower ones ( Table 3.13 columns 3 and 6 ) , and on isolated teeth than on in situ ones .
it is also higher on in situ upper incisors than on the lower ones ( table 3.13 columns 3 and 6 ) , and on [alone] teeth than on in situ ones .

In order to cover this range of variation , the figures in table 3.13 are broken down into mandibular incisor digestion ( columns 13 ) , maxillary incisor digestion ( columns 4–6 ) , isolated incisor digestion ( columns 7–10 ) , and all these combined in columns 11 to 13 .
in order to cover this range of variation , the figures in table 3.13 are broken down into mandibular incisor digestion ( columns 13 ) , maxillary incisor digestion ( columns 4–6 ) , [alone] incisor digestion ( columns 7–10 ) , and all these combined in columns 11 to 13 .

In contrast to this , the digestion of upper and lower isolated incisors follows no set pattern .
in contrast to this , the digestion of upper and lower [alone] incisors follows no set pattern .

The greater degree of digestion of the isolated teeth is due to their greater exposure to digestion while still in the predator 's stomach ( as suggested earlier for the molars ) .
the greater degree of digestion of the [alone] teeth is due to their greater exposure to digestion while still in the predator 's stomach ( as suggested earlier for the molars ) .

It is therefore considered that the isolated incisors are approximately equally digested , and departure from this can be ascribed to sample error due to small sample size .
it is therefore considered that the [alone] incisors are approximately equally digested , and departure from this can be ascribed to sample error due to small sample size .

Table 3.13 Incisor digestion of in situ and isolated incisors .
table 3.13 incisor digestion of in situ and [alone] incisors .

The brake and infectious cases car contained 18 cots and was arranged so that the patients in it were isolated .
the brake and infectious cases car contained 18 cots and was arranged so that the patients in it were [alone] .

The play tells several stories , such as young love , but most of all it tells of the magnificent Madame MacAdam and her troupe and of the comic and tragic effects they have upon an isolated community .
the play tells several stories , such as young love , but most of all it tells of the magnificent madame macadam and her troupe and of the comic and tragic effects they have upon an [alone] community .

When completed , this section of the Museum will show a village or small town and the open countryside with its isolated farms and rural industries — a microcosm of Ulster in 1900 .
when completed , this section of the museum will show a village or small town and the open countryside with its [alone] farms and rural industries — a microcosm of ulster in 1900 .

The three groups co-operated loosely so that none could be isolated and stopped .
the three groups co-operated loosely so that none could be [alone] and stopped .

It is widely recognised that air pollution due to human activity in populated areas and in the vicinity of isolated sources has become one of the significant environmental health problems of our time .
it is widely recognised that air pollution due to human activity in populated areas and in the vicinity of [alone] sources has become one of the significant environmental health problems of our time .

In understanding isolated sentences ( for example , the ones above , presented in a psycholinguistic experiment ) role mapping is more important than name mapping .
in understanding [alone] sentences ( for example , the ones above , presented in a psycholinguistic experiment ) role mapping is more important than name mapping .

Our microscopes had been improved , and the deadly killers were being isolated and identified as never before .
our microscopes had been improved , and the deadly killers were being [alone] and identified as never before .

Just as the concentration on individual managers isolates them from their proper context and makes them almost personally responsible for local policy variations , so the concentration on the processes of local politics isolated these from other sets of socio-economic processes .
just as the concentration on individual managers isolates them from their proper context and makes them almost personally responsible for local policy variations , so the concentration on the processes of local politics [alone] these from other sets of socio-economic processes .

The sense of involvement has grown considerably and what had previously been a relatively isolated job has now become increasingly rich .
the sense of involvement has grown considerably and what had previously been a relatively [alone] job has now become increasingly rich .

But even isolated teachers can not avoid forming judgements all the time , for instance about general behaviour in the corridors between lessons and other indications of the ‘ tone ’ of the school .
but even [alone] teachers can not avoid forming judgements all the time , for instance about general behaviour in the corridors between lessons and other indications of the ‘ tone ’ of the school .

She sat back , visualising the scene as the mud in the sample had been examined by remote control , and the virus isolated .
she sat back , visualising the scene as the mud in the sample had been examined by remote control , and the virus [alone] .

In addition there are also galleries devoted to the American Indian , the Pennsylvania Germans , the religious community of the Shakers , and the isolated Spanish colonists of New Mexico .
in addition there are also galleries devoted to the american indian , the pennsylvania germans , the religious community of the shakers , and the [alone] spanish colonists of new mexico .

One reason why the Egton Bridge Show not only survived but is , in fact , growing is that being an isolated rural area , well away from any big industrial towns , there was not a mass exodus in the nineteenth century .
one reason why the egton bridge show not only survived but is , in fact , growing is that being an [alone] rural area , well away from any big industrial towns , there was not a mass exodus in the nineteenth century .

Fortunately , the wave of crack that swept American ghettos and the Caribbean has not taken root in this country apart from a few isolated cases in the North of England .
fortunately , the wave of crack that swept american ghettos and the caribbean has not taken root in this country apart from a few [alone] cases in the north of england .

The wife and mother who goes out of the home to earn a wage , to escape being totally dependent on a man , being isolated in the home , and the penny-pinching that trying to make one wage feed the family involves , takes a second job .
the wife and mother who goes out of the home to earn a wage , to escape being totally dependent on a man , being [alone] in the home , and the penny-pinching that trying to make one wage feed the family involves , takes a second job .

The exploration of our own personal experiences , and the linking up of these to an understanding that the isolated experience of individual women was part of a more complex system of female subordination .
the exploration of our own personal experiences , and the linking up of these to an understanding that the [alone] experience of individual women was part of a more complex system of female subordination .

Dr Yun-Cheung Kong at the Chinese University predicts that , within a year , scientists will have isolated the first natural contraceptive chemical .
dr yun-cheung kong at the chinese university predicts that , within a year , scientists will have [alone] the first natural contraceptive chemical .

Control rests neither with the whole nor with isolated parts Each level is constrained by those above it and autonomous with respect to those below .
control rests neither with the whole nor with [alone] parts each level is constrained by those above it and autonomous with respect to those below .

For example , the sedimentary rocks that form the top geological layer in much of southern Britain may be only a few hundred metres thick in a few isolated sites .
for example , the sedimentary rocks that form the top geological layer in much of southern britain may be only a few hundred metres thick in a few [alone] sites .

The navy says that burial at sea is less expensive , demands less shipyard work , and is isolated from human activity .
the navy says that burial at sea is less expensive , demands less shipyard work , and is [alone] from human activity .

The trouble with isolated snippets of information is that , however delectable they may be , they fail to provide this ‘ ability to continue ’ .
the trouble with [alone] snippets of information is that , however delectable they may be , they fail to provide this ‘ ability to continue ’ .

There must also have been a great number of ferns , lycopods and horsetails existing as understorey plants but also isolated in dense swards , There was not the wide-scale domination of conifers hinted by Benton which somewhat invokes a picture of foodless dark plantation-style forests .
there must also have been a great number of ferns , lycopods and horsetails existing as understorey plants but also [alone] in dense swards , there was not the wide-scale domination of conifers hinted by benton which somewhat invokes a picture of foodless dark plantation-style forests .

Shelducks breeding in smaller groups at lower density , or as isolated pairs , where there is no chance for creches to develop , may be the ones producing a surplus of ducks that enter and sustain the quarrelsome colony on the Ythan .
shelducks breeding in smaller groups at lower density , or as [alone] pairs , where there is no chance for creches to develop , may be the ones producing a surplus of ducks that enter and sustain the quarrelsome colony on the ythan .

Now Roger Guillemin and Wylie Vale , working separately , have each isolated and characterised a peptide ( chain of amino acids ) that seems certain to be the missing hormone .
now roger guillemin and wylie vale , working separately , have each [alone] and characterised a peptide ( chain of amino acids ) that seems certain to be the missing hormone .

Specific sites away from shipping lanes , fishing grounds , submarine cables and so on are isolated in a way difficult to achieve on land .
specific sites away from shipping lanes , fishing grounds , submarine cables and so on are [alone] in a way difficult to achieve on land .

Like Fiji , Tonga and other countries in the South Pacific , Vanuata ( the old New Hebrides ) faces the problems typical of isolated archipelagoes , where imported energy costs are increasingly high .
like fiji , tonga and other countries in the south pacific , vanuata ( the old new hebrides ) faces the problems typical of [alone] archipelagoes , where imported energy costs are increasingly high .

It is left with one unused electron that sits in an isolated energy level in the middle of the energy gap .
it is left with one unused electron that sits in an [alone] energy level in the middle of the energy gap .

They also expected it to show a particular type of magnetic behaviour called paramagnetism because of its isolated electrons — and again , it does .
they also expected it to show a particular type of magnetic behaviour called paramagnetism because of its [alone] electrons — and again , it does .

But now Dr David Taylor-Robinson of the Medical Research Council 's Clinical Research Centre in Harrow believes he has isolated a hitherto unknown species of mycoplasma , which he has called Mycoplasma genitalium ( see figure ) .
but now dr david taylor-robinson of the medical research council 's clinical research centre in harrow believes he has [alone] a hitherto unknown species of mycoplasma , which he has called mycoplasma genitalium ( see figure ) .

Smith , on the other hand , was isolated in a country just beginning to regain its mathematical confidence .
smith , on the other hand , was [alone] in a country just beginning to regain its mathematical confidence .

Despite the egress of isolated specimens , museum collections grow in proportion to the director 's burden of deciding what to accept .
despite the egress of [alone] specimens , museum collections grow in proportion to the director 's burden of deciding what to accept .

The presence of these South American lines naturally does not prove the existence of British leys , but it did mean that Watkins 's theory was no longer an isolated , irrational concept .
the presence of these south american lines naturally does not prove the existence of british leys , but it did mean that watkins 's theory was no longer an [alone] , irrational concept .

Britain isolated over sea-dumping of nuclear waste
britain [alone] over sea-dumping of nuclear waste

Demonstrating that a virus isolated from a human cancer can cause further cancers in other humans is clearly an unacceptable experiment !
demonstrating that a virus [alone] from a human cancer can cause further cancers in other humans is clearly an unacceptable experiment !

To what extent these isolated scenes of rural India add up to a true picture of the situation across the country is difficult to say .
to what extent these [alone] scenes of rural india add up to a true picture of the situation across the country is difficult to say .

It is largely isolated .
it is largely [alone] .

Quinine caused fevers to plummet ; morphine dramatically reduced pain ; atropine , codeine , aspirin and other drugs , isolated from the old herbal preparations , had instant and theatrical effects .
quinine caused fevers to plummet ; morphine dramatically reduced pain ; atropine , codeine , aspirin and other drugs , [alone] from the old herbal preparations , had instant and theatrical effects .

In a similar fashion caffeine became a familiar component of all kinds of tonics and ‘ health drinks ’ , once it had been isolated from the coffee bean .
in a similar fashion caffeine became a familiar component of all kinds of tonics and ‘ health drinks ’ , once it had been [alone] from the coffee bean .

We can classify the truly effective tonics into two groups : those of traditional herbal origin , and those made or isolated by chemicals in more recent times .
we can classify the truly effective tonics into two groups : those of traditional herbal origin , and those made or [alone] by chemicals in more recent times .

Several interesting compounds have been isolated from traditional health-promoting plants such as liquorice , spikenard , the jujube , and senega , as well as many Far Eastern or Indian plants , which do not have European common names .
several interesting compounds have been [alone] from traditional health-promoting plants such as liquorice , spikenard , the jujube , and senega , as well as many far eastern or indian plants , which do not have european common names .

Panganic acid , an ester of dimethylglycine , was first isolated from rice in 1948 by Hans Krebs , a chief chemist of the National Cancer Institute .
panganic acid , an ester of dimethylglycine , was first [alone] from rice in 1948 by hans krebs , a chief chemist of the national cancer institute .

Lapis lazuli is an elegant natural example of a rogue molecule trapped and isolated in a matrix .
lapis lazuli is an elegant natural example of a rogue molecule trapped and [alone] in a matrix .

According to Noah , all animals go in twos , like the golden eagles , but in reality there are several basic social units , of which the isolated pair is only one example .
according to noah , all animals go in twos , like the golden eagles , but in reality there are several basic social units , of which the [alone] pair is only one example .

Put under this pressure and without an isolated adversary on which to concentrate its lethal strike , the snake usually does its best to beat a rapid retreat .
put under this pressure and without an [alone] adversary on which to concentrate its lethal strike , the snake usually does its best to beat a rapid retreat .

But while dilution of a national curriculum to the lowest common denominator of the poor , isolated rural school is clearly ludicrous , the reality must be faced that poor rural schools exist in large numbers and that a curriculum policy needs to be framed with them in mind — which it very rarely is .
but while dilution of a national curriculum to the lowest common denominator of the poor , [alone] rural school is clearly ludicrous , the reality must be faced that poor rural schools exist in large numbers and that a curriculum policy needs to be framed with them in mind — which it very rarely is .

But even a Ministry Curriculum Development Centre can find itself in some sense isolated from the main machinery of educational planning and administration and thus acquire a certain sense of unreality .
but even a ministry curriculum development centre can find itself in some sense [alone] from the main machinery of educational planning and administration and thus acquire a certain sense of unreality .

Thus , attempts to provide a uniform level of social welfare in rural areas means centralisation of services in schooling , health and housing , which gives rise to migration away from isolated areas .
thus , attempts to provide a uniform level of social welfare in rural areas means centralisation of services in schooling , health and housing , which gives rise to migration away from [alone] areas .

The number of boundaries of competence that exist for any given social entity may vary : the members of an isolated New Guinea society , all of whom perform virtually identical tasks according to age and sex , will have fewer than the members of a more complex society with a greater division of labour .
the number of boundaries of competence that exist for any given social entity may vary : the members of an [alone] new guinea society , all of whom perform virtually identical tasks according to age and sex , will have fewer than the members of a more complex society with a greater division of labour .

That is to say , there is a belief that ‘ village life ’ is somehow more appealing and morally superior to living in what , to the outsider , often appears to be the diffuse and isolated style of rural Orkney .
that is to say , there is a belief that ‘ village life ’ is somehow more appealing and morally superior to living in what , to the outsider , often appears to be the diffuse and [alone] style of rural orkney .

The island is only 14 square miles of rugged terrain in the south-west Pacific Ocean , 1035 miles north-east of Sydney , and was probably the most isolated and desolated outpost under British rule .
the island is only 14 square miles of rugged terrain in the south-west pacific ocean , 1035 miles north-east of sydney , and was probably the most [alone] and desolated outpost under british rule .

It is intriguing to wonder how some of the emigrants found their way to the outlandish places in which they settled , or how Ayrshire names came to be given to spots which are amongst the most isolated on earth .
it is intriguing to wonder how some of the emigrants found their way to the outlandish places in which they settled , or how ayrshire names came to be given to spots which are amongst the most [alone] on earth .

He must acknowledge the fact that he is not an isolated , self-sufficient being , but is dependent on others .
he must acknowledge the fact that he is not an [alone] , self-sufficient being , but is dependent on others .

Those leaders have tried to keep their empires isolated from the Darwinian laws of survival , despite the fact that none of the ‘ gods ’ as presented by them has ever been able to set aside the inexorable operation of those laws .
those leaders have tried to keep their empires [alone] from the darwinian laws of survival , despite the fact that none of the ‘ gods ’ as presented by them has ever been able to set aside the inexorable operation of those laws .

There can be no understanding of the idea of the Created God unless that concept is in every respect isolated from the ancient teaching of a ‘ god ’ which created the universe .
there can be no understanding of the idea of the created god unless that concept is in every respect [alone] from the ancient teaching of a ‘ god ’ which created the universe .

His critics have pointed out that Godric 's is an isolated story , whereas we know of a number of instances in which leading city magnates were recruited from local landed families , in Italy , in England and elsewhere .
his critics have pointed out that godric 's is an [alone] story , whereas we know of a number of instances in which leading city magnates were recruited from local landed families , in italy , in england and elsewhere .

Towers are to be seen as single scouts or in pairs in Perugia and Bologna ; but these are isolated survivors ; many an Italian city was once adorned with innumerable towers .
towers are to be seen as single scouts or in pairs in perugia and bologna ; but these are [alone] survivors ; many an italian city was once adorned with innumerable towers .

On the walls , the cresset torches , untended , spluttered fiercely in their sconces and Corbett realised that the retainers were taking full advantage of a dead king and his lonely , isolated widow .
on the walls , the cresset torches , untended , spluttered fiercely in their sconces and corbett realised that the retainers were taking full advantage of a dead king and his lonely , [alone] widow .

Playing the ball through midfield meant no players were left isolated and easy options enabled possession to be kept .
playing the ball through midfield meant no players were left [alone] and easy options enabled possession to be kept .

It would be nice to think that these incidents are isolated but they are not .
it would be nice to think that these incidents are [alone] but they are not .

Surprisingly frequently , leys also pass exactly through important and isolated farmsteads often on a similar orientation to the main buildings .
surprisingly frequently , leys also pass exactly through important and [alone] farmsteads often on a similar orientation to the main buildings .

There are also isolated cases of tartrazine ( a synthetic colouring ) causing acute asthma attacks , or a severe reaction that resembles anaphylactic shock ( see p 29 ) in some very susceptible.people .
there are also [alone] cases of tartrazine ( a synthetic colouring ) causing acute asthma attacks , or a severe reaction that resembles anaphylactic shock ( see p 29 ) in some very susceptible.people .

The National Deaf Club , as will be remembered , was originally founded for the oral deaf , but by the 1930s had become so well-established as a sports and social club for independent-minded deaf people who were mostly well-bred and upper-class , and so dominant in the Federation of London Deaf Clubs ' sports tournaments , that oral deaf people were once more isolated from social activities .
the national deaf club , as will be remembered , was originally founded for the oral deaf , but by the 1930s had become so well-established as a sports and social club for independent-minded deaf people who were mostly well-bred and upper-class , and so dominant in the federation of london deaf clubs ' sports tournaments , that oral deaf people were once more [alone] from social activities .

Clearly we are dealing here with a feline phenomenon that is not isolated and accidental , but more a regular , typical feature of cat behaviour .
clearly we are dealing here with a feline phenomenon that is not [alone] and accidental , but more a regular , typical feature of cat behaviour .

Once it was experimentally isolated with a highly-sexed female and was observed to mate several times , but the female failed to become pregnant , confirming the typical male tortoiseshell infertility .
once it was experimentally [alone] with a highly-sexed female and was observed to mate several times , but the female failed to become pregnant , confirming the typical male tortoiseshell infertility .

Even with lots of friends and interests , it is possible to feel isolated when there is the lack of a particular partnership .
even with lots of friends and interests , it is possible to feel [alone] when there is the lack of a particular partnership .

Support and self-help groups are also getting started for people from ethnic minorities who often find themselves more isolated than anyone else when ill or when caring for someone who is dependent .
support and self-help groups are also getting started for people from ethnic minorities who often find themselves more [alone] than anyone else when ill or when caring for someone who is dependent .

This unique and friendly Festival will present more than 50 professional arts events during 17 exciting days in a fascinating variety of venues — from humble village halls and isolated moorland chapels to the grandeur of Castle Howard , Settrington Orangery and Nunnington Hall .
this unique and friendly festival will present more than 50 professional arts events during 17 exciting days in a fascinating variety of venues — from humble village halls and [alone] moorland chapels to the grandeur of castle howard , settrington orangery and nunnington hall .

In this land of rich , green fields , isolated villages and parks you will find Shakespeare 's birthplace , at Stratford-upon-Avon , and a wealth of historic landmarks .
in this land of rich , green fields , [alone] villages and parks you will find shakespeare 's birthplace , at stratford-upon-avon , and a wealth of historic landmarks .

Clapton was also an isolated spot where the traps were usually left for a couple of days before being checked .
clapton was also an [alone] spot where the traps were usually left for a couple of days before being checked .

Thus , for example as Revill has pointed out , in programmed instruction students work as isolated individuals ; there is little or no interaction with other students , or with the teacher .
thus , for example as revill has pointed out , in programmed instruction students work as [alone] individuals ; there is little or no interaction with other students , or with the teacher .

In 1974 , Lubans observed that ‘ instructional programmes in all types of libraries have been infrequently evaluated , their need and effect have not been measured except in a few isolated cases ’ .
in 1974 , lubans observed that ‘ instructional programmes in all types of libraries have been infrequently evaluated , their need and effect have not been measured except in a few [alone] cases ’ .

It is therefore in the context in which the skills have been taught , isolated from the curriculum and from other class work , that the greatest failing in school library instruction has been observed .
it is therefore in the context in which the skills have been taught , [alone] from the curriculum and from other class work , that the greatest failing in school library instruction has been observed .

‘ The central principle which guides our work is that the skills needed to find and use information must be introduced and reinforced across the curriculum , within the normal day-to-day practice of subject teaching , ie teaching information handling should become integral to the act of teaching itself , and not an isolated entity demanding separate curriculum space .
‘ the central principle which guides our work is that the skills needed to find and use information must be introduced and reinforced across the curriculum , within the normal day-to-day practice of subject teaching , ie teaching information handling should become integral to the act of teaching itself , and not an [alone] entity demanding separate curriculum space .

Making sure that she remained in contact with people and not socially isolated .
making sure that she remained in contact with people and not socially [alone] .

These results are consistent with the findings of Chowdhury and Kreitman ( 1971 ) , and Kreitman and Chowdhury ( 1973a ) , who found attempted suicide patients and Samaritan clients to be different in many respects — the Samaritan clients , for example , including a greater proportion of men , and more socially isolated individuals .
these results are consistent with the findings of chowdhury and kreitman ( 1971 ) , and kreitman and chowdhury ( 1973a ) , who found attempted suicide patients and samaritan clients to be different in many respects — the samaritan clients , for example , including a greater proportion of men , and more socially [alone] individuals .

‘ In some Homes it 's quite common that the new member of staff 's quite isolated , isolated from the care staff group , not so much from senior staff .
‘ in some homes it 's quite common that the new member of staff 's quite [alone] , [alone] from the care staff group , not so much from senior staff .

The less isolated a new resident feels , the faster they settle down .
the less [alone] a new resident feels , the faster they settle down .

They may be isolated , lonely , fearful , at risk .
they may be [alone] , lonely , fearful , at risk .

In some respects , reformers found themselves isolated : working-class ‘ clients ’ on one side , uninterested middle-class businessmen on the other .
in some respects , reformers found themselves [alone] : working-class ‘ clients ’ on one side , uninterested middle-class businessmen on the other .

He had never felt so lonely , so isolated .
he had never felt so lonely , so [alone] .

Thus students living in poor accommodation , often isolated and without external support , become disillusioned with the experience of teaching , and put off the idea of teaching in a rural area where qualified teachers are needed most .
thus students living in poor accommodation , often [alone] and without external support , become disillusioned with the experience of teaching , and put off the idea of teaching in a rural area where qualified teachers are needed most .

Long isolated and under-developed , it still has very few secondary schools .
long [alone] and under-developed , it still has very few secondary schools .

Historically isolated from the Spanish-speaking central and western areas , the area has been physically cut off and economically little developed .
historically [alone] from the spanish-speaking central and western areas , the area has been physically cut off and economically little developed .

They were very isolated , each one making a shack under the trees for minimum protection from the rain and sun and from the bandits who continued to appear .
they were very [alone] , each one making a shack under the trees for minimum protection from the rain and sun and from the bandits who continued to appear .

The brutal suppression of the insurrection of the early 1980s was not an isolated incident .
the brutal suppression of the insurrection of the early 1980s was not an [alone] incident .

Room time-out : the child is removed from an enjoyable activity , not allowed to observe this , but not totally isolated — for example , standing at the far end of the sitting room , or sitting on a straight-backed chair .
room time-out : the child is removed from an enjoyable activity , not allowed to observe this , but not totally [alone] — for example , standing at the far end of the sitting room , or sitting on a straight-backed chair .

Seclusion time-out : the child is socially isolated in the hall or another room .
seclusion time-out : the child is socially [alone] in the hall or another room .

In the following discussion , four major debates are isolated : the jobs issue , economic development , planning and property implications , and costs and perceptions of incentives .
in the following discussion , four major debates are [alone] : the jobs issue , economic development , planning and property implications , and costs and perceptions of incentives .

One way in which such factors are isolated is by comparing parents known to batter their children with a control group of parents who have no history of child abuse ( Lynch and Roberts 1977 , for example ) .
one way in which such factors are [alone] is by comparing parents known to batter their children with a control group of parents who have no history of child abuse ( lynch and roberts 1977 , for example ) .

For the moment , just imagine holding variables constant ; to control for the size of the fire , for example , one might only consider cases where an isolated car had caught fire .
for the moment , just imagine holding variables constant ; to control for the size of the fire , for example , one might only consider cases where an [alone] car had caught fire .

The infection thread continues to grow through and between the host plant 's root cells so that the bacteria in the infection thread are isolated and eventually released into the nodule cells .
the infection thread continues to grow through and between the host plant 's root cells so that the bacteria in the infection thread are [alone] and eventually released into the nodule cells .

However , just as at a certain place on the earth 's surface we can still call ‘ down ' ’ the direction towards the centre of the earth , so a living organism that finds itself in such a world at a certain period of time can define the ‘ direction ’ of time as going from the less probable state to the more probable ( the former will be the ‘ Past ' ’ and the latter the ‘ Future ' ’ ) and by virtue of the definition he will find that his own small region , isolated from the rest of the universe , is ‘ initially ' ’ always in an improbable state .
however , just as at a certain place on the earth 's surface we can still call ‘ down ' ’ the direction towards the centre of the earth , so a living organism that finds itself in such a world at a certain period of time can define the ‘ direction ’ of time as going from the less probable state to the more probable ( the former will be the ‘ past ' ’ and the latter the ‘ future ' ’ ) and by virtue of the definition he will find that his own small region , [alone] from the rest of the universe , is ‘ initially ' ’ always in an improbable state .

In another analogy , our mind can be thought of as a huge tapestry in which the many episodes of life were originally isolated and there was no relationship between the parts ; but at last we must make a unified scene of our whole life .
in another analogy , our mind can be thought of as a huge tapestry in which the many episodes of life were originally [alone] and there was no relationship between the parts ; but at last we must make a unified scene of our whole life .

As well as isolating the person suffering from the disease it is , of course , important to locate people who have been in contact with the sufferer and , if necessary , they too must be isolated , treated or kept under surveillance .
as well as isolating the person suffering from the disease it is , of course , important to locate people who have been in contact with the sufferer and , if necessary , they too must be [alone] , treated or kept under surveillance .

It is essential that patients are told why they are being isolated and the reason for the various precautions should be explained .
it is essential that patients are told why they are being [alone] and the reason for the various precautions should be explained .

All fuel , for homes and for industry , has to be brought to the towns and villages which are isolated and small .
all fuel , for homes and for industry , has to be brought to the towns and villages which are [alone] and small .

They remain as isolated upland masses .
they remain as [alone] upland masses .

For a long time the peat has been used as fuel by the more isolated farmers , or crofters , in the north-west .
for a long time the peat has been used as fuel by the more [alone] farmers , or crofters , in the north-west .

Piped water , sewerage and electricity , and therefore television , are expensive to provide to remote isolated farms , and many of these have only rough tracks for access .
piped water , sewerage and electricity , and therefore television , are expensive to provide to remote [alone] farms , and many of these have only rough tracks for access .

Why do you think the tinplate works at Ebbw Vale exists in this isolated position ?
why do you think the tinplate works at ebbw vale exists in this [alone] position ?

Hence they are distractible , behind in language progress , and socially isolated ; and they also achieve poorly in school .
hence they are distractible , behind in language progress , and socially [alone] ; and they also achieve poorly in school .

From the beginning , the child ’ s sense of self is not isolated , encapsulated inside the head .
from the beginning , the child ’ s sense of self is not [alone] , encapsulated inside the head .

Dinnertime recaps of daily events also permit today ’ s children , isolated from the adult world of real work , to gain access to their parents ’ daily lives .
dinnertime recaps of daily events also permit today ’ s children , [alone] from the adult world of real work , to gain access to their parents ’ daily lives .

Preschoolers remember information better in a play context than in a context in which information is isolated from its everyday use and they are told to remember deliberately .
preschoolers remember information better in a play context than in a context in which information is [alone] from its everyday use and they are told to remember deliberately .

Isolated communities and individual families created their own places of worship .
[alone] communities and individual families created their own places of worship .

By contrast with a strip tease , the women in the peep show are subjected to a humiliating objectifying role , brought about by a number of factors : the automatic way in which the viewers pay for the opening of the “ peep ” window , in which the viewing of the naked woman resembles buying a product from a vending machine , the one-way windows that leave the women , without eye contact , as the isolated objects of salacious desire and the voyeurs relegated to their secret cabins .
by contrast with a strip tease , the women in the peep show are subjected to a humiliating objectifying role , brought about by a number of factors : the automatic way in which the viewers pay for the opening of the “ peep ” window , in which the viewing of the naked woman resembles buying a product from a vending machine , the one-way windows that leave the women , without eye contact , as the [alone] objects of salacious desire and the voyeurs relegated to their secret cabins .

In statistical mechanics , with its famous liter box of gas as an isolated thermodynamic system , we can prestate the configuration space of all possible positions and momenta of the gas particles in the box .
in statistical mechanics , with its famous liter box of gas as an [alone] thermodynamic system , we can prestate the configuration space of all possible positions and momenta of the gas particles in the box .

Just what , for example , does this mean with respect to the second law stating that thermodynamically isolated chemical systems approach equilibrium and their entropy increases to a maximum ?
just what , for example , does this mean with respect to the second law stating that thermodynamically [alone] chemical systems approach equilibrium and their entropy increases to a maximum ?

The fact that cells almost certainly are not supracritical and that the biosphere as a homogenized whole , via the Noah ’ s Vessel experiment , clearly is supracritical , means that the fact that each cell is somewhat isolated from the other and that each has bounded molecular diversity is not an accident .
the fact that cells almost certainly are not supracritical and that the biosphere as a homogenized whole , via the noah ’ s vessel experiment , clearly is supracritical , means that the fact that each cell is somewhat [alone] from the other and that each has bounded molecular diversity is not an accident .

This “ isolated peaks regime ” is the living dead regime .
this “ [alone] peaks regime ” is the living dead regime .

This is a phase transition from the isolated peaks regime .
this is a phase transition from the [alone] peaks regime .

The corner where the curve starts to turn is the phase transition between the survivable regime for longer makespans and the isolated peaks/living dead regime for shorter makespans .
the corner where the curve starts to turn is the phase transition between the survivable regime for longer makespans and the [alone] peaks/living dead regime for shorter makespans .

If only isolated regions of neighboring schedules of the same approximate makespan are found , then you are in the isolated peaks regime .
if only [alone] regions of neighboring schedules of the same approximate makespan are found , then you are in the [alone] peaks regime .

In the isolated peaks regime , averaged over the job shop space , the Hausdorf dimension is less than .. At the phase transition , the dimensionality is ..
in the [alone] peaks regime , averaged over the job shop space , the hausdorf dimension is less than .. at the phase transition , the dimensionality is ..

Thus , we can study the phase transition from a survivable percolating web of solutions regime when V/C is lower to an isolated peaks regime as V/C increases to virtual impossibility for high V/C .
thus , we can study the phase transition from a survivable percolating web of solutions regime when v/c is lower to an [alone] peaks regime as v/c increases to virtual impossibility for high v/c .

No need to operate in the isolated peaks regime .
no need to operate in the [alone] peaks regime .

In eect , the frozen red component is a “ frozen red sea , ” which spans the entire network and typically leaves behind isolated twinkling green islands .
in eect , the frozen red component is a “ frozen red sea , ” which spans the entire network and typically leaves behind [alone] twinkling green islands .

A vast , twinkling green sea spans the network , typically leaving behind isolated frozen red islands .
a vast , twinkling green sea spans the network , typically leaving behind [alone] frozen red islands .

As parameters of the network discussed below are tuned from the chaotic regime toward the ordered regime , the green percolating sea becomes smaller and eventually fragments into two or many isolated green islands .
as parameters of the network discussed below are tuned from the chaotic regime toward the ordered regime , the green percolating sea becomes smaller and eventually fragments into two or many [alone] green islands .

By contrast , if a twinkling green gene in one of the isolated green islands is perturbed and turned purple , a purple avalanche spreads to some or all of the twinkling green genes in that island .
by contrast , if a twinkling green gene in one of the [alone] green islands is perturbed and turned purple , a purple avalanche spreads to some or all of the twinkling green genes in that island .

Because purple avalanches can not propagate through the frozen red percolating sea , the green islands are functionally isolated from one another .
because purple avalanches can not propagate through the frozen red percolating sea , the green islands are functionally [alone] from one another .

Therefore , in such networks a percolating frozen red sea exists , leaving behind isolated green islands , and the distribution of purple damage avalanches is a power law with a finite cuto at about times the square root of the number of genes ( Figure .b ) .
therefore , in such networks a percolating frozen red sea exists , leaving behind [alone] green islands , and the distribution of purple damage avalanches is a power law with a finite cuto at about times the square root of the number of genes ( figure .b ) .

We can use the data to find the genes in the same isolated green islands , for avalanches should be confined to one island and overlap if started at dierent genes in the same island .
we can use the data to find the genes in the same [alone] green islands , for avalanches should be confined to one island and overlap if started at dierent genes in the same island .

One axis shows the order-chaos axis for a single isolated bacterium , measured by Derrida curve criteria , with order on the left , near the origin , and chaos on the right .
one axis shows the order-chaos axis for a single [alone] bacterium , measured by derrida curve criteria , with order on the left , near the origin , and chaos on the right .

Consider again a thermodynamically isolated system .
consider again a thermodynamically [alone] system .

That is , consider some box containing a gas , isolated from any change in its energy or mass arriving from the outside .
that is , consider some box containing a gas , [alone] from any change in its energy or mass arriving from the outside .

Consider an isolated thermodynamic system .
consider an [alone] thermodynamic system .

Consider an isolated closed thermodynamic system , say , an ideal gas in a thermos bottle .
consider an [alone] closed thermodynamic system , say , an ideal gas in a thermos bottle .

The second law , in its modern understanding , is simply the statement that an isolated thermodynamic system will tend to flow away from improbable macrostates = corresponding to very few of our tiny 6N-dimensional cubes = and flow into and spend most of its time in the equilibrium macrostate for no better reason than that that macrostate corresponds to vastly many small 6N cubes in the entire 6N-dimensional phase space .
the second law , in its modern understanding , is simply the statement that an [alone] thermodynamic system will tend to flow away from improbable macrostates = corresponding to very few of our tiny 6n-dimensional cubes = and flow into and spend most of its time in the equilibrium macrostate for no better reason than that that macrostate corresponds to vastly many small 6n cubes in the entire 6n-dimensional phase space .

After tossing off the shackles of Franco ’ s long dictatorship that isolated Spain from the rest of Europe , Madrid erupted from the closet , embracing a frenetic arts and nightlife scene called la movida in the early 1980s .
after tossing off the shackles of franco ’ s long dictatorship that [alone] spain from the rest of europe , madrid erupted from the closet , embracing a frenetic arts and nightlife scene called la movida in the early 1980s .

The Maroon community , descendants of proud and tenacious slaves , still live in two isolated pockets on Jamaica .
the maroon community , descendants of proud and tenacious slaves , still live in two [alone] pockets on jamaica .

China began to relax trade restrictions , and with the rise of Hong Kong , Macau became an isolated Portuguese outpost .
china began to relax trade restrictions , and with the rise of hong kong , macau became an [alone] portuguese outpost .

Not far away , around the coast , is Cala d ’ Hort , a small , isolated cove with clear water .
not far away , around the coast , is cala d ’ hort , a small , [alone] cove with clear water .

Far , nude bathing has been legalized only on the isolated beaches of Illetas and Llevant , but it is practised virtually everywhere .
far , nude bathing has been legalized only on the [alone] beaches of illetas and llevant , but it is practised virtually everywhere .

The cape itself is the haunt of wild goats and the site of an isolated lighthouse and a watchtower , built high above the sea .
the cape itself is the haunt of wild goats and the site of an [alone] lighthouse and a watchtower , built high above the sea .

Snorkeling and skin diving are particularly rewarding at a number of isolated inlets and nearby islets , and boats to take you there are readily available .
snorkeling and skin diving are particularly rewarding at a number of [alone] inlets and nearby islets , and boats to take you there are readily available .

Rugged mountains peek through the clouds , and microclimates hover over isolated villages .
rugged mountains peek through the clouds , and microclimates hover over [alone] villages .

From strategically situated lookout points ( mira­douros ) you can take in these magical panoramas and look down upon villages carved out of the mountains , at least one so isolated it only began to receive TV signals in the late 1980s .
from strategically situated lookout points ( mira­douros ) you can take in these magical panoramas and look down upon villages carved out of the mountains , at least one so [alone] it only began to receive tv signals in the late 1980s .

At 1,200 m ( 4,000 ft ) and above in large mountain ranges , or as low as 600 m ( 2,000 ft ) on small isolated mountains , the large trees and liana creepers give way to myrtle , laurel , and oak trees .
at 1,200 m ( 4,000 ft ) and above in large mountain ranges , or as low as 600 m ( 2,000 ft ) on small [alone] mountains , the large trees and liana creepers give way to myrtle , laurel , and oak trees .

Three thousand years ago , the young David hid from the rage of King Saul in the canyon of Ein Gedi , and until its demise in early Islamic times , the isolated Jewish town of Ein Gedi was famous throughout the ancient world for the balm , incense , and perfumes produced from its rare plants .
three thousand years ago , the young david hid from the rage of king saul in the canyon of ein gedi , and until its demise in early islamic times , the [alone] jewish town of ein gedi was famous throughout the ancient world for the balm , incense , and perfumes produced from its rare plants .

Eventually the British began to force the Maroons into more isolated and remote pockets of land .
eventually the british began to force the maroons into more [alone] and remote pockets of land .

In many isolated regions , meanwhile , last-ditch defences in the form of round stone towers were built , a few of which are still inhabited today .
in many [alone] regions , meanwhile , last-ditch defences in the form of round stone towers were built , a few of which are still inhabited today .

In 1516 , some 900 Jews ( rising to a peak of nearly 5,000 by the mid-17th century ) were confined to what was then a remote and isolated island .
in 1516 , some 900 jews ( rising to a peak of nearly 5,000 by the mid-17th century ) were confined to what was then a remote and [alone] island .

The best one goes out to the cliff caves on the northern edge of the gulf , to the isolated fishing village of Girolata and the nature reserve of Scandola — a marvelous coastal haven for eagles , bald buzzards , and other rare species nesting on the peaks of the volcanic rocks .
the best one goes out to the cliff caves on the northern edge of the gulf , to the [alone] fishing village of girolata and the nature reserve of scandola — a marvelous coastal haven for eagles , bald buzzards , and other rare species nesting on the peaks of the volcanic rocks .

It ’ s surprising to find such a large church in a relatively isolated farming parish .
it ’ s surprising to find such a large church in a relatively [alone] farming parish .

Another 16 km ( 10 miles ) north on the narrow , twisting road is Curral das Freiras , a village that until very recently was truly isolated from the outside world .
another 16 km ( 10 miles ) north on the narrow , twisting road is curral das freiras , a village that until very recently was truly [alone] from the outside world .

This isolated spot is a significant pilgrimage place , and can be seen for miles around .
this [alone] spot is a significant pilgrimage place , and can be seen for miles around .

From medieval mountain villages and the dramatic lunar landscape of Mallorca ’ s Formentor promontory to mysterious prehistoric settlements and isolated beaches accessible only by foot on Menorca , the islands abound with sights that are anything but blandly international .
from medieval mountain villages and the dramatic lunar landscape of mallorca ’ s formentor promontory to mysterious prehistoric settlements and [alone] beaches accessible only by foot on menorca , the islands abound with sights that are anything but blandly international .

Dukes , administrators , and clergy lived in towns rather than isolated castles , absorbing the hinterland into communes , forerunners of the city-states .
dukes , administrators , and clergy lived in towns rather than [alone] castles , absorbing the hinterland into communes , forerunners of the city-states .

Initially , the Romans ignored this isolated rebel stronghold , but in a.d. 72 they laid siege with an army of some 10,000-15,000 men , outnumbering the Zealot male fighting force by about 30 to 1 .
initially , the romans ignored this [alone] rebel stronghold , but in a.d. 72 they laid siege with an army of some 10,000-15,000 men , outnumbering the zealot male fighting force by about 30 to 1 .

Eilat Eilat ( pronounced Ill-at ) is the “ sun and fun capital ” of Israel , a purpose-built town that has sprung up from an isolated military base to become an international holiday resort in less than 45 years .
eilat eilat ( pronounced ill-at ) is the “ sun and fun capital ” of israel , a purpose-built town that has sprung up from an [alone] military base to become an international holiday resort in less than 45 years .

The structure is small , no more than 10 m ( 30 ft ) high , and its vimanas ( shrines ) are set on a low , modestplatform , but the temple achieves a grandeur in miniature , peacefully enclosed in its courtyard and isolated from the rest of the village .
the structure is small , no more than 10 m ( 30 ft ) high , and its vimanas ( shrines ) are set on a low , modestplatform , but the temple achieves a grandeur in miniature , peacefully enclosed in its courtyard and [alone] from the rest of the village .

Sadly , Madeira ’ s one and only ( black ) sandy beach , at Prainha , is isolated and not very attractive .
sadly , madeira ’ s one and only ( black ) sandy beach , at prainha , is [alone] and not very attractive .

Back down the hellish road from the cape , and due west , is the isolated beach Platja Binimella .
back down the hellish road from the cape , and due west , is the [alone] beach platja binimella .

It explains how the many cave systems were formed and how the hundreds of unique species of flora and fauna developed on this isolated piece of rock .
it explains how the many cave systems were formed and how the hundreds of unique species of flora and fauna developed on this [alone] piece of rock .

Larger in area than St. George ’ s Island , St. David ’ s Island was one of the most isolated of the populated islands that make up Bermuda until 1940 , when the British government leased the area to the US military .
larger in area than st. george ’ s island , st. david ’ s island was one of the most [alone] of the populated islands that make up bermuda until 1940 , when the british government leased the area to the us military .

Take the walkway on the opposite side of the ﬂyover from the baths and you will catch the incongruous sight of a dozen isolated Corinthian columns with a 1960s housing estate backdrop .
take the walkway on the opposite side of the ﬂyover from the baths and you will catch the incongruous sight of a dozen [alone] corinthian columns with a 1960s housing estate backdrop .

The oldest temple in the valley and unquestionably one of the most interesting , it sits on an isolated hilltop a few miles north of Bhaktapur and just south of the Sankhu road .
the oldest temple in the valley and unquestionably one of the most interesting , it sits on an [alone] hilltop a few miles north of bhaktapur and just south of the sankhu road .

Leave Játiva on the C-340 and drive up into the highlands where thick-fleeced sheep and isolated farmhouses complete a memorable vista .
leave játiva on the c-340 and drive up into the highlands where thick-fleeced sheep and [alone] farmhouses complete a memorable vista .

This isolated town is the last bastion of the mystical sign of the dalo , a figure holding a rainbow over his head that was believed to be a talisman against the evil eye .
this [alone] town is the last bastion of the mystical sign of the dalo , a figure holding a rainbow over his head that was believed to be a talisman against the evil eye .

South of Nijar , spectacular cliffs and isolated beaches mark the hard-to-reach natural park of the Cabo de Gata .
south of nijar , spectacular cliffs and [alone] beaches mark the hard-to-reach natural park of the cabo de gata .

Fifty miles ( 80 km ) off the coast is Mona Island , called “ the Galapagos of Puerto Rico. ” This isolated place , characterized by a coastline of high cliffs , is home to turtles , iguanas , and endangered pelicans .
fifty miles ( 80 km ) off the coast is mona island , called “ the galapagos of puerto rico. ” this [alone] place , characterized by a coastline of high cliffs , is home to turtles , iguanas , and endangered pelicans .

To Louis , Louisiana was now isolated in a British-ruled part of the world , a money-losing outpost that seemed to have no future .
to louis , louisiana was now [alone] in a british-ruled part of the world , a money-losing outpost that seemed to have no future .

Portugal soon lapsed into decline , though , tattered by wars and constitutional crises , and for two centuries or more the Algarve remained isolated from the rest of Europe .
portugal soon lapsed into decline , though , tattered by wars and constitutional crises , and for two centuries or more the algarve remained [alone] from the rest of europe .

Hotels in the area can arrange transportation to some of the beautiful , isolated beaches nearby .
hotels in the area can arrange transportation to some of the beautiful , [alone] beaches nearby .

To the east , and remote from the centers of power , the people of Newfoundland and the Maritime Provinces lived in small , isolated communities with no unifying geography comparable to the Great Lakes or St. Lawrence River .
to the east , and remote from the centers of power , the people of newfoundland and the maritime provinces lived in small , [alone] communities with no unifying geography comparable to the great lakes or st. lawrence river .

This has one of the best , and most isolated beach locations in all of the islands .
this has one of the best , and most [alone] beach locations in all of the islands .

In the following days , General Suharto , one of the most senior surviving commanders , isolated the conspirators and effectively seized power .
in the following days , general suharto , one of the most senior surviving commanders , [alone] the conspirators and effectively seized power .

In the opinion of many , Cuba is an isolated socialist dinosaur .
in the opinion of many , cuba is an [alone] socialist dinosaur .

The gate was left isolated in no-man ’ s land when the Wall went up , and subsequently became the scene of quite ecstatic celebrations when it came down , though now you would scarcely believe it as Berliners cross nonchalantly from east to west through Brandenburg ’ s mighty central arch .
the gate was left [alone] in no-man ’ s land when the wall went up , and subsequently became the scene of quite ecstatic celebrations when it came down , though now you would scarcely believe it as berliners cross nonchalantly from east to west through brandenburg ’ s mighty central arch .

The erection of the Wall did significantly reduce the flow of refugees to a few isolated escapes , but the East German economy suffered even more from the assaults of massive mismanagement and high-level corruption .
the erection of the wall did significantly reduce the flow of refugees to a few [alone] escapes , but the east german economy suffered even more from the assaults of massive mismanagement and high-level corruption .

The barren and wild Parque Natural de Montesinho lies between Bragança and Spain , and is home to a number of small , isolated villages that have striven to keep up their traditions of communal ownership and pre-Christian ritual .
the barren and wild parque natural de montesinho lies between bragança and spain , and is home to a number of small , [alone] villages that have striven to keep up their traditions of communal ownership and pre-christian ritual .

Efforts to shelter the Allies and smuggle them off the island in small groups from isolated south coast beaches were remarkably successful .
efforts to shelter the allies and smuggle them off the island in small groups from [alone] south coast beaches were remarkably successful .

Life in isolated fishing communities has given the Newfies a keen sense of local identity .
life in [alone] fishing communities has given the newfies a keen sense of local identity .

Isolated from London by more than 5,300 km ( 3,300 miles ) in an age of slow communications , Bermuda sometimes found itself out of step with developments in the homeland .
[alone] from london by more than 5,300 km ( 3,300 miles ) in an age of slow communications , bermuda sometimes found itself out of step with developments in the homeland .

By contrast , the Isle of Youth sees virtually no tourists except those at the rather isolated Hotel El Colony ( on the small island ’ s southwestern tip ) , who come exclusively for the superb diving at a nearby beach .
by contrast , the isle of youth sees virtually no tourists except those at the rather [alone] hotel el colony ( on the small island ’ s southwestern tip ) , who come exclusively for the superb diving at a nearby beach .

There are two simple , isolated bungalow hotel complexes on the bay , one at quiet Playa Larga , the other at Playa Girón , where the already scruffy beach is further spoiled by a concrete breakwater .
there are two simple , [alone] bungalow hotel complexes on the bay , one at quiet playa larga , the other at playa girón , where the already scruffy beach is further spoiled by a concrete breakwater .

Watersports are excellent here and at the equally picturesque — but isolated — beach of Estero Ciego , 2 km ( 1.2 miles ) west .
watersports are excellent here and at the equally picturesque — but [alone] — beach of estero ciego , 2 km ( 1.2 miles ) west .

The local dark-sand beaches can be scrubby and the hotels themselves are isolated , but there ’ s lots to explore in the park , and the Sierra de La Gran Piedra rise majestically above the coast .
the local dark-sand beaches can be scrubby and the hotels themselves are [alone] , but there ’ s lots to explore in the park , and the sierra de la gran piedra rise majestically above the coast .

A Moorish castle , beautifully restored , stands isolated at the heart of the village .
a moorish castle , beautifully restored , stands [alone] at the heart of the village .

Much of the screening literature is isolated from intervention .
much of the screening literature is [alone] from intervention .

For example , many successful public and private organizations integrate their human resource management activities into their organizational missions , rather than treating them as an isolated support function.13 This sort of integrated approach may include tying individual performance management , career 11Government Management Issues ( GAO/OCG-93-3TR , Dec. 1992 ) .
for example , many successful public and private organizations integrate their human resource management activities into their organizational missions , rather than treating them as an [alone] support function.13 this sort of integrated approach may include tying individual performance management , career 11government management issues ( gao/ocg-93-3tr , dec. 1992 ) .

Unfortunately , such failures were not isolated instances as other accountability breakdowns in recent years included Qwest , Tyco , Adelphia , Global Crossing , Waste Management , Micro Strategy , Superior Federal Savings Banks , and Xerox .
unfortunately , such failures were not [alone] instances as other accountability breakdowns in recent years included qwest , tyco , adelphia , global crossing , waste management , micro strategy , superior federal savings banks , and xerox .

Another one of the agencies planning the implementation of an electronic travel claim system believed that about 10 percent of the travel claims would continue to come from small , isolated offices ( where personnel spend most of the time out of the office ) where obtaining and operating computer facilities are not costeffective .
another one of the agencies planning the implementation of an electronic travel claim system believed that about 10 percent of the travel claims would continue to come from small , [alone] offices ( where personnel spend most of the time out of the office ) where obtaining and operating computer facilities are not costeffective .

Participants agreed that in order to identify and serve groups that remain isolated , we need to broaden our language bases , bring more qualified support staff to our programs , use community leaders and be sensitive to tension between disenfranchised communities .
participants agreed that in order to identify and serve groups that remain [alone] , we need to broaden our language bases , bring more qualified support staff to our programs , use community leaders and be sensitive to tension between disenfranchised communities .

Thus , workers are even isolated from each other .
thus , workers are even [alone] from each other .

Workers thus are socially isolated , having no support systems of family or friends , and no familiarity , contacts , or shared history with the communities where they are located .
workers thus are socially [alone] , having no support systems of family or friends , and no familiarity , contacts , or shared history with the communities where they are located .

The migratory and isolated nature of alien farmworker populations makes them extremely difficult for private attorneys to represent .
the migratory and [alone] nature of alien farmworker populations makes them extremely difficult for private attorneys to represent .

In order to address the access barriers that face rural and isolated communities and enhance communication between and among the three programs , the programs have developed highly sophisticated video-conferencing capability .
in order to address the access barriers that face rural and [alone] communities and enhance communication between and among the three programs , the programs have developed highly sophisticated video-conferencing capability .

Will it promote , where appropriate , the sharing of urban-based private capacity with the needs of rural and isolated clients ?
will it promote , where appropriate , the sharing of urban-based private capacity with the needs of rural and [alone] clients ?

In the isolated cases , where the permittee can document that this delivery time can not be met , the permitting authority can allow an option for on-site testing or a variance for an extension of shipped sample holding time .
in the [alone] cases , where the permittee can document that this delivery time can not be met , the permitting authority can allow an option for on-site testing or a variance for an extension of shipped sample holding time .

In the isolated cases , where the permittee can document that this delivery time can not be met , the permitting authority can allow an option for onsite testing or a variance for an extension of shipped sample holding time .
in the [alone] cases , where the permittee can document that this delivery time can not be met , the permitting authority can allow an option for onsite testing or a variance for an extension of shipped sample holding time .

Four of them-Ahmed al Ghamdi , Saeed al Ghamdi , Hamza al Ghamdi , and Ahmad al Haznawi-came from a cluster of three towns in the al Bahah region , an isolated and underdeveloped area of Saudi Arabia , and shared the same tribal affiliation .
four of them-ahmed al ghamdi , saeed al ghamdi , hamza al ghamdi , and ahmad al haznawi-came from a cluster of three towns in the al bahah region , an [alone] and underdeveloped area of saudi arabia , and shared the same tribal affiliation .

Within ten minutes of impact , smoke was beginning to rise to the upper floors in debilitating volumes and isolated fires were reported , although there were some pockets of refuge .
within ten minutes of impact , smoke was beginning to rise to the upper floors in debilitating volumes and [alone] fires were reported , although there were some pockets of refuge .

A compound of about 80 concrete or mud-brick buildings surrounded by a 10-foot wall , Tarnak Farms was located in an isolated desert area on the outskirts of the Kandahar airport .
a compound of about 80 concrete or mud-brick buildings surrounded by a 10-foot wall , tarnak farms was located in an [alone] desert area on the outskirts of the kandahar airport .

According to Saudi authorities , a substantial number of the hijackers isolated themselves and became religious only within a few months of leaving the Kingdom .
according to saudi authorities , a substantial number of the hijackers [alone] themselves and became religious only within a few months of leaving the kingdom .

It can only be destroyed or utterly isolated .
it can only be destroyed or utterly [alone] .

It had the operational space to gather and sift recruits , indoctrinating them in isolated , desert camps .
it had the operational space to gather and sift recruits , indoctrinating them in [alone] , desert camps .

Isolated human neural progenitors spontaneously aggregate in these conditions to produce a cell cluster called a NS , and 85 % –90 % of NS cells produce the intermediary filament Nestin ( Figures 1 and 2 ) , a putative marker of neural stem and progenitor cells [ 19 ] .
[alone] human neural progenitors spontaneously aggregate in these conditions to produce a cell cluster called a ns , and 85 % –90 % of ns cells produce the intermediary filament nestin ( figures 1 and 2 ) , a putative marker of neural stem and progenitor cells [ 19 ] .

A single β-cell contains approximately 0.6 fmol C-peptide and insulin [ 40 ] , so we calculate that insulin C-peptide content in one stage 4 IPC is approximately 0.3 % of the level in isolated human β-cells .
a single β-cell contains approximately 0.6 fmol c-peptide and insulin [ 40 ] , so we calculate that insulin c-peptide content in one stage 4 ipc is approximately 0.3 % of the level in [alone] human β-cells .

Unless we do more to overcome resistance to the idea that humans share deep evolutionary connections with all animal life , students will become increasingly isolated from an understanding of , and participation in , the genomics and bioinformatics revolution that is transforming the biological and biomedical sciences .
unless we do more to overcome resistance to the idea that humans share deep evolutionary connections with all animal life , students will become increasingly [alone] from an understanding of , and participation in , the genomics and bioinformatics revolution that is transforming the biological and biomedical sciences .

Immunoblotting was performed with 30 μg of protein isolated from cultured cells .
immunoblotting was performed with 30 μg of protein [alone] from cultured cells .

Several isolated examples of reinforcement between specific pairs of species have been demonstrated , fairly conclusively , in a variety of taxa including Drosophila pseudoobscura and D. persimilis ( Noor 1995 ) , flycatchers ( Sætre et al .
several [alone] examples of reinforcement between specific pairs of species have been demonstrated , fairly conclusively , in a variety of taxa including drosophila pseudoobscura and d. persimilis ( noor 1995 ) , flycatchers ( sætre et al .

In brief , human stem cells have been isolated from a variety of embryonic , fetal , and adult tissue sources .
in brief , human stem cells have been [alone] from a variety of embryonic , fetal , and adult tissue sources .

If results with any isolated and characterized adult stem cells are validated , it will then be very important to compare their properties—and those of any more differentiated cells that can be derived from them—with other stem cell sources , such as the well-characterized hematopoietic stem cells , and with human embryonic stem cell preparations .
if results with any [alone] and characterized adult stem cells are validated , it will then be very important to compare their properties—and those of any more differentiated cells that can be derived from them—with other stem cell sources , such as the well-characterized hematopoietic stem cells , and with human embryonic stem cell preparations .

Mesenchymal stem cells ( MSCs ) have been isolated from the adult bone marrow [ 5 ] , adipose tissue [ 6 ] , and dermis and other connective tissues [ 7 ] .
mesenchymal stem cells ( mscs ) have been [alone] from the adult bone marrow [ 5 ] , adipose tissue [ 6 ] , and dermis and other connective tissues [ 7 ] .

Essentially , the producers ( researchers as authors ) and the consumers ( researchers as readers ) are isolated from any of the costs within the system .
essentially , the producers ( researchers as authors ) and the consumers ( researchers as readers ) are [alone] from any of the costs within the system .

However , a recent report that shows benefit for patients with both diabetes and kidney failure who receive a combined pancreas and kidney transplant also found that an isolated pancreas transplant ( for patients with preserved kidney function ) actually worsened survival [ 8 ] .
however , a recent report that shows benefit for patients with both diabetes and kidney failure who receive a combined pancreas and kidney transplant also found that an [alone] pancreas transplant ( for patients with preserved kidney function ) actually worsened survival [ 8 ] .

Individuals may be isolated within their family , hidden away from visitors , or made to eat alone [ 3 ] .
individuals may be [alone] within their family , hidden away from visitors , or made to eat alone [ 3 ] .

The aim of both screens was to identify genes with unique and essential functions in zebrafish development , and in 1996 an issue of the journal Development was dedicated to the mutants that had been isolated and characterised .
the aim of both screens was to identify genes with unique and essential functions in zebrafish development , and in 1996 an issue of the journal development was dedicated to the mutants that had been [alone] and characterised .

Many mutants from those first two screens are still used by developmental biologists , but another set of mutants has recently been isolated by Nancy Hopkins , Amgen Professor of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States ) .
many mutants from those first two screens are still used by developmental biologists , but another set of mutants has recently been [alone] by nancy hopkins , amgen professor of biology at the massachusetts institute of technology ( cambridge , massachusetts , united states ) .

Hopkins has isolated 550 mutants in her screen , representing around 400 different genes , and has cloned more than 300 of these genes to date .
hopkins has [alone] 550 mutants in her screen , representing around 400 different genes , and has cloned more than 300 of these genes to date .

Since Spoc cells were isolated from murine skeletal muscle , they may eventually allow the use of sophisticated conditional genetic tracking techniques to monitor the migration , maturation , and differentiation of the cells in the in vivo context .
since spoc cells were [alone] from murine skeletal muscle , they may eventually allow the use of sophisticated conditional genetic tracking techniques to monitor the migration , maturation , and differentiation of the cells in the in vivo context .

Although the cells were initially isolated on the basis of their expression of cardiac markers , this is an example phenotypic drift—that is , the cells have drifted from a cardiac phenotype during repeated passage rather than simply representing skeletal muscle cells resident within the heart .
although the cells were initially [alone] on the basis of their expression of cardiac markers , this is an example phenotypic drift—that is , the cells have drifted from a cardiac phenotype during repeated passage rather than simply representing skeletal muscle cells resident within the heart .

Potentially the same issue might hold for putative cardiac progenitor cells isolated from skeletal muscle , where the phenotype observed may not necessarily reflect its role in vivo within skeletal muscle .
potentially the same issue might hold for putative cardiac progenitor cells [alone] from skeletal muscle , where the phenotype observed may not necessarily reflect its role in vivo within skeletal muscle .

Proliferation Assays Freshly isolated PBMCs ( 10 5 cells ) were incubated with baculovirus-derived recombinant p24 protein ( Protein Sciences , Meriden , Connecticut , United States ) at 5 μg/ml for 6 d and then pulsed with 3 H thymidine at 1.0 μCi for 6 h before harvesting as previously described [ 20 ] .
proliferation assays freshly [alone] pbmcs ( 10 5 cells ) were incubated with baculovirus-derived recombinant p24 protein ( protein sciences , meriden , connecticut , united states ) at 5 μg/ml for 6 d and then pulsed with 3 h thymidine at 1.0 μci for 6 h before harvesting as previously described [ 20 ] .

Analysis of chemokine receptor expression on isolated peripheral lung lymphocytes from ex-smokers with COPD/emphysema indicated that both CD4 and CD8 T helper cells are strongly polarized to the Th1 phenotype compared to T cells isolated from lung tissue of normal individuals or individuals with non-smoking-related obstructive lung disease .
analysis of chemokine receptor expression on [alone] peripheral lung lymphocytes from ex-smokers with copd/emphysema indicated that both cd4 and cd8 t helper cells are strongly polarized to the th1 phenotype compared to t cells [alone] from lung tissue of normal individuals or individuals with non-smoking-related obstructive lung disease .

Further , IP-10 and MIG , but not IFN-γ , upregulated macrophage metalloelastase ( matrix metalloproteinase [ MMP ] -12 ) from isolated lung macrophages .
further , ip-10 and mig , but not ifn-γ , upregulated macrophage metalloelastase ( matrix metalloproteinase [ mmp ] -12 ) from [alone] lung macrophages .

Isolation of Lung Lymphocytes Lung lymphocytes were isolated by modifying established protocols , using a combination of mechanical fragmentation , enzyme digestion , and centrifugation procedures described previously [ 35,36,37 ] .
isolation of lung lymphocytes lung lymphocytes were [alone] by modifying established protocols , using a combination of mechanical fragmentation , enzyme digestion , and centrifugation procedures described previously [ 35,36,37 ] .

Freshly isolated lung lymphocytes were resuspended to 1 × 10 7 cells/ml , and 50 μl of cells was incubated with antibodies to CD3 and CD4 or CD8 .
freshly [alone] lung lymphocytes were resuspended to 1 × 10 7 cells/ml , and 50 μl of cells was incubated with antibodies to cd3 and cd4 or cd8 .

In Vitro T Cell Culture and Cytokine Assay Lung lymphocytes were isolated from surgical tissue and cultured in vitro in triplicate for 4 d. Supernatants were collected and stored at –80 °C for future analysis .
in vitro t cell culture and cytokine assay lung lymphocytes were [alone] from surgical tissue and cultured in vitro in triplicate for 4 d. supernatants were collected and stored at –80 °c for future analysis .

Detection of MMP12 by Western Blotting , and Real-Time PCR Peripheral blood mononuclear cells and lung macrophages were isolated by positive selection using immunomagnetic beads conjugated with anti-CD14 , and cultured in serum-free medium ( RPMI , L-glutamine , and Pen/Strep ) prior to overnight stimulation with 0 , 50 , 250 , or 500 ng/ml of IFN-γ , IL-4 , MIG , I-TAC , and IP-10 .
detection of mmp12 by western blotting , and real-time pcr peripheral blood mononuclear cells and lung macrophages were [alone] by positive selection using immunomagnetic beads conjugated with anti-cd14 , and cultured in serum-free medium ( rpmi , l-glutamine , and pen/strep ) prior to overnight stimulation with 0 , 50 , 250 , or 500 ng/ml of ifn-γ , il-4 , mig , i-tac , and ip-10 .

In contrast , we found highly variable expression ( 0.5 % –30 % ) of CCR4 , CXCR3 , and CCR5 on peripheral blood lymphocytes isolated from the same participants , and this variation did not correlate with the presence of disease in either group ( data not shown ) .
in contrast , we found highly variable expression ( 0.5 % –30 % ) of ccr4 , cxcr3 , and ccr5 on peripheral blood lymphocytes [alone] from the same participants , and this variation did not correlate with the presence of disease in either group ( data not shown ) .

Together , these data indicate that a strong type 1 bias is characteristic of the T cells isolated from the peripheral lung of participants with COPD and emphysema and that this immune phenotype correlates with the lung destruction that is characteristic of this disease .
together , these data indicate that a strong type 1 bias is characteristic of the t cells [alone] from the peripheral lung of participants with copd and emphysema and that this immune phenotype correlates with the lung destruction that is characteristic of this disease .

IFN-γ , IP-10 , and MIG Not IL-4 Are Expressed by Lung Lymphocytes We sought additional functional data to confirm the apparent Th1 bias of peripheral lung inflammatory cells isolated from ex-smoker individuals .
ifn-γ , ip-10 , and mig not il-4 are expressed by lung lymphocytes we sought additional functional data to confirm the apparent th1 bias of peripheral lung inflammatory cells [alone] from ex-smoker individuals .

Freshly isolated lung lymphocytes that were not otherwise manipulated secreted high levels of IFN-γ , MIG , and IP-10 , with significantly greater secretion of both cytokines from lymphocytes of participants with emphysema ( Figure 3A–3C ) .
freshly [alone] lung lymphocytes that were not otherwise manipulated secreted high levels of ifn-γ , mig , and ip-10 , with significantly greater secretion of both cytokines from lymphocytes of participants with emphysema ( figure 3a–3c ) .

Indeed , isolated peripheral lung macrophages , but not isolated blood monocytes , secreted MMP12 in response to IP-10 and MIG , but not IFN-γ ( Figure 4A ; data not shown ) .
indeed , [alone] peripheral lung macrophages , but not [alone] blood monocytes , secreted mmp12 in response to ip-10 and mig , but not ifn-γ ( figure 4a ; data not shown ) .

Discussion In this investigation , we characterized T cells and lung macrophages isolated from emphysematous and non-emphysematous human lungs .
discussion in this investigation , we characterized t cells and lung macrophages [alone] from emphysematous and non-emphysematous human lungs .

Additionally , lung lymphocytes isolated from four lifelong non-smoker individuals with severe obstructive lung disease due to cystic fibrosis or bronchiolitis obliterans did not show a Th1 inflammatory bias of the lung ( S. Grumelli , F. Kheradmand , D. B. Corry , unpublished data ) .
additionally , lung lymphocytes [alone] from four lifelong non-smoker individuals with severe obstructive lung disease due to cystic fibrosis or bronchiolitis obliterans did not show a th1 inflammatory bias of the lung ( s. grumelli , f. kheradmand , d. b. corry , unpublished data ) .

Different serogroups have vastly different frequencies among pneumococci isolated from carriage [ 12,15,16,17 ] and otitis media [ 12,18 ] ; for example , serogroups 4 and 18 and the non-vaccine serogroups are isolated far less commonly than several of the other pneumococcal types identified in Figure 1 .
different serogroups have vastly different frequencies among pneumococci [alone] from carriage [ 12,15,16,17 ] and otitis media [ 12,18 ] ; for example , serogroups 4 and 18 and the non-vaccine serogroups are [alone] far less commonly than several of the other pneumococcal types identified in figure 1 .

Indeed , T cells capable of tumor lysis have been isolated from patients vaccinated with heteroclitic peptide [ 8,11,12,13 ] .
indeed , t cells capable of tumor lysis have been [alone] from patients vaccinated with heteroclitic peptide [ 8,11,12,13 ] .

While isolated T cell clones with low RE have indeed been generated from melanoma patients following heteroclitic peptide vaccination , the proportion of vaccine-elicited T cell responses these cells represent in vivo is not clear .
while [alone] t cell clones with low re have indeed been generated from melanoma patients following heteroclitic peptide vaccination , the proportion of vaccine-elicited t cell responses these cells represent in vivo is not clear .

Peripheral blood mononuclear cell ( PBMC ) samples were isolated from patients after vaccination with the heteroclitic peptides MART 26–35 ( 27L ) ( ELAGIGILTV ) and gp100 209–217 ( 210M ) ( IMDQVPSFV ) at the University of Southern California Norris Cancer Center ( Los Angeles , California , United States ) .
peripheral blood mononuclear cell ( pbmc ) samples were [alone] from patients after vaccination with the heteroclitic peptides mart 26–35 ( 27l ) ( elagigiltv ) and gp100 209–217 ( 210m ) ( imdqvpsfv ) at the university of southern california norris cancer center ( los angeles , california , united states ) .

The following morning , viable cells were isolated by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the appropriate concentration in a solution of 90 % Iscove 's Modified Dulbecco 's Medium ( IMDM ) and 10 % fetal bovine serum ( FBS ) .
the following morning , viable cells were [alone] by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the appropriate concentration in a solution of 90 % iscove 's modified dulbecco 's medium ( imdm ) and 10 % fetal bovine serum ( fbs ) .

The following morning , viable cells were isolated by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the appropriate concentration ( usually 10 7 /ml ) in CTL medium .
the following morning , viable cells were [alone] by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the appropriate concentration ( usually 10 7 /ml ) in ctl medium .

Microcytotoxic assay Cells were isolated directly from PBMCs from patient 422 by FACS as described above .
microcytotoxic assay cells were [alone] directly from pbmcs from patient 422 by facs as described above .

To test whether peptide-vaccine-induced T cell responses were functionally active directly ex vivo , T cells isolated by G209–2M-tetramer-guided cell sorting from patient 422 were tested for lysis of peptide-pulsed and melanoma target cells in microcytotoxic assays ( Figure 1B ) .
to test whether peptide-vaccine-induced t cell responses were functionally active directly ex vivo , t cells [alone] by g209–2m-tetramer-guided cell sorting from patient 422 were tested for lysis of peptide-pulsed and melanoma target cells in microcytotoxic assays ( figure 1b ) .

The directly isolated tetramer-positive T cells from this patient specifically lysed T2 cells pulsed with high concentrations ( 1 μg/ml ) of G209–2M and native ( G209n ) peptides , but not with T2 cells pulsed with a cytomegalovirus-derived , HLA-A*0201-restricted peptide ( NLVPMVATV ) or melanoma targets .
the directly [alone] tetramer-positive t cells from this patient specifically lysed t2 cells pulsed with high concentrations ( 1 μg/ml ) of g209–2m and native ( g209n ) peptides , but not with t2 cells pulsed with a cytomegalovirus-derived , hla-a*0201-restricted peptide ( nlvpmvatv ) or melanoma targets .

The researchers isolated lung lymphocytes from the samples and used two-color flow cytometry to phenotypically characterize the cells .
the researchers [alone] lung lymphocytes from the samples and used two-color flow cytometry to phenotypically characterize the cells .

Importantly , the researchers were also able to show that isolated peripheral lung macrophages secreted matrix metalloproteinase-12 ( MMP12 ) , an enzyme that degrades elastin—a protein important for lung elasticity—in the lungs , in response to IP-10 and MIG .
importantly , the researchers were also able to show that [alone] peripheral lung macrophages secreted matrix metalloproteinase-12 ( mmp12 ) , an enzyme that degrades elastin—a protein important for lung elasticity—in the lungs , in response to ip-10 and mig .

Methods Differentiation of Primary Human Macrophages Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were isolated from whole blood of healthy donors following apheresis and elutriation .
methods differentiation of primary human macrophages peripheral blood mononuclear cells were [alone] from whole blood of healthy donors following apheresis and elutriation .

RNA Isolation and Quantification RNA was isolated using RNeasy Mini Kit ( Qiagen , Valencia , California , United States ) , then subjected to DNase digestion followed by reverse transcription ( Invitrogen ) .
rna isolation and quantification rna was [alone] using rneasy mini kit ( qiagen , valencia , california , united states ) , then subjected to dnase digestion followed by reverse transcription ( invitrogen ) .

Plasma and whole blood RNA ( PAX tube isolators , Qiagen ) samples were isolated from blood , and stored under appropriate conditions for subsequent assays .
plasma and whole blood rna ( pax tube isolators , qiagen ) samples were [alone] from blood , and stored under appropriate conditions for subsequent assays .

Because of baseline variation in cell populations between batches of primary human monocytes isolated from multiple donors , cell culture experiments were performed in triplicate and data from representative experiments are presented .
because of baseline variation in cell populations between batches of primary human monocytes [alone] from multiple donors , cell culture experiments were performed in triplicate and data from representative experiments are presented .

This is not an isolated occurrence .
this is not an [alone] occurrence .

Most T cells isolated from vaccinated patients were poor at tumor cell lysis compared with T cells from endogenous responses to cancer .
most t cells [alone] from vaccinated patients were poor at tumor cell lysis compared with t cells from endogenous responses to cancer .

The best protocol for this , also pioneered in Canada , the Edmonton protocol , uses ß-cells isolated from human cadavers and has shown some remarkable results with around 84 % of patients remaining insulin-free after one year and 89 % of patients still producing insulin after three years .
the best protocol for this , also pioneered in canada , the edmonton protocol , uses ß-cells [alone] from human cadavers and has shown some remarkable results with around 84 % of patients remaining insulin-free after one year and 89 % of patients still producing insulin after three years .

The team found that a protein present in the human host—hnRNPK—could be isolated by direct binding to a viral fragment derived from the HBV variant of these infected patients .
the team found that a protein present in the human host—hnrnpk—could be [alone] by direct binding to a viral fragment derived from the hbv variant of these infected patients .

In December 2003 , an entirely new Phytophthora was isolated from two sites in England .
in december 2003 , an entirely new phytophthora was [alone] from two sites in england .

Their activities are n't isolated to Jameson .
their activities are n't [alone] to jameson .

In his dreary high school , Ven felt himself isolated and befriended only his teachers , making a mentor and confessor out of a recent graduate of the heavily-Finnish Houghton Tech who taught physics and chemistry .
in his dreary high school , ven felt himself [alone] and befriended only his teachers , making a mentor and confessor out of a recent graduate of the heavily-finnish houghton tech who taught physics and chemistry .

Poet Adrienne Rich , for example , called Beethoven 's Ninth `` music of the entirely/ isolated soul/ yelling at Joy from the tunnel of the ego/ music without the ghost/ of another person in it . ''
poet adrienne rich , for example , called beethoven 's ninth `` music of the entirely/ [alone] soul/ yelling at joy from the tunnel of the ego/ music without the ghost/ of another person in it . ''

Once he gets away from Howard and Judy and their over-serious , isolated friends , he discovers a kind of peace .
once he gets away from howard and judy and their over-serious , [alone] friends , he discovers a kind of peace .

With its isolated and homogeneous population , Iceland is a perfect laboratory for investigating genetic disease .
with its [alone] and homogeneous population , iceland is a perfect laboratory for investigating genetic disease .

Critics of the traditional method ( counting each household ) argue that this method misses isolated and hard-to-track populations , which are disproportionately black and Hispanic .
critics of the traditional method ( counting each household ) argue that this method misses [alone] and hard-to-track populations , which are disproportionately black and hispanic .

The conservative Daily Telegraph , no admirer of Clinton , made a two deck , seven column headline out of words from House prosecutor James Sensenbrenner : `` His lies were not few or isolated but pervaded his whole testimony . ''
the conservative daily telegraph , no admirer of clinton , made a two deck , seven column headline out of words from house prosecutor james sensenbrenner : `` his lies were not few or [alone] but pervaded his whole testimony . ''

Pundits agree that the benefits of intervention ( pleasing passengers and saving jobs in politically important states ) and the low political cost ( angering 9,000 pilots who are mostly Republican and are isolated from the rest of organized labor ) made this a no-brainer for Clinton .
pundits agree that the benefits of intervention ( pleasing passengers and saving jobs in politically important states ) and the low political cost ( angering 9,000 pilots who are mostly republican and are [alone] from the rest of organized labor ) made this a no-brainer for clinton .

The Sotomayor nomination is an isolated example of conservatives employing this often successful tool perfected by the left .
the sotomayor nomination is an [alone] example of conservatives employing this often successful tool perfected by the left .

The problem is that the Clintons are n't an isolated example .
the problem is that the clintons are n't an [alone] example .

This does not require natural selection ; it is the accidental byproduct of combining two previously isolated stocks .
this does not require natural selection ; it is the accidental byproduct of combining two previously [alone] stocks .

In his treatise on government , The Politics , he famously wrote that `` man is by nature a political animal , '' meaning that human beings can best fulfill themselves as part of social and political groups , not as isolated individuals sitting at home watching TV ( well , the fourth century B.C .
in his treatise on government , the politics , he famously wrote that `` man is by nature a political animal , '' meaning that human beings can best fulfill themselves as part of social and political groups , not as [alone] individuals sitting at home watching tv ( well , the fourth century b.c .

Some teams deliberately seek isolated locations , where they can better monopolize parking revenues and game-related food , drink , and souvenir business .
some teams deliberately seek [alone] locations , where they can better monopolize parking revenues and game-related food , drink , and souvenir business .

Begowned men escort slinky naked women down endless hallways , with weary disinterest they observe isolated tableaux of coupling humans and , when their frenzy reaches a crescendo , they engage in joyless ballroom dancing .
begowned men escort slinky naked women down endless hallways , with weary disinterest they observe [alone] tableaux of coupling humans and , when their frenzy reaches a crescendo , they engage in joyless ballroom dancing .

He was presumably unaware of a famous prewar headline in the Times : `` Fog in Channel : Continent isolated . ''
he was presumably unaware of a famous prewar headline in the times : `` fog in channel : continent [alone] . ''

Surveillance and air power are vastly more sophisticated than in previous wars , NATO has a far greater power monopoly in Europe than Hitler had , and in Kosovo , unlike in Vietnam , the isolated party in the war was not the United States but its enemy .
surveillance and air power are vastly more sophisticated than in previous wars , nato has a far greater power monopoly in europe than hitler had , and in kosovo , unlike in vietnam , the [alone] party in the war was not the united states but its enemy .

When you live an isolated life at the White House or in a maximum security prison or in Patricia Duff 's head , you are bound to be out of touch .
when you live an [alone] life at the white house or in a maximum security prison or in patricia duff 's head , you are bound to be out of touch .

Postwar acts of vengeance -- ranging from isolated killings to the recommencing of full-scale combat -- are as historically commonplace as they are morally problematic .
postwar acts of vengeance -- ranging from [alone] killings to the recommencing of full-scale combat -- are as historically commonplace as they are morally problematic .

This may , in isolated instances , have been true , but I ca n't recall ever either saying or implying that this was the case .
this may , in [alone] instances , have been true , but i ca n't recall ever either saying or implying that this was the case .

Take a spin through the spectacular photo gallery ( courtesy Inside China Today ) of furry yaks , isolated desert tents , and the Dalai Lama 's summer home ... too bad he is n't there to enjoy it .
take a spin through the spectacular photo gallery ( courtesy inside china today ) of furry yaks , [alone] desert tents , and the dalai lama 's summer home ... too bad he is n't there to enjoy it .

I went to an isolated college in the Berkshire Mountains where 4 percent of the class that entered with me was Jewish .
i went to an [alone] college in the berkshire mountains where 4 percent of the class that entered with me was jewish .

Where the connection is understood , scientists are devising gene therapies that aim to eliminate disease by introducing healthy genes ( isolated and reproduced in the laboratory ) to compensate for the defective ones .
where the connection is understood , scientists are devising gene therapies that aim to eliminate disease by introducing healthy genes ( [alone] and reproduced in the laboratory ) to compensate for the defective ones .

I know of no country in which children lead more lonely isolated lives , isolated from social contact with children unlike themselves and from adult society .
i know of no country in which children lead more lonely [alone] lives , [alone] from social contact with children unlike themselves and from adult society .

The settlements are isolated during the eight winter months , March through October , when brutal weather makes air travel all but impossible .
the settlements are [alone] during the eight winter months , march through october , when brutal weather makes air travel all but impossible .

It seems that we are in for a conversation about race as such , isolated from specific problems and specific policy proposals .
it seems that we are in for a conversation about race as such , [alone] from specific problems and specific policy proposals .

It would certainly save money not to deliver mail to scores of isolated native villages that can only be reached by air , but the natives hardly intend to apologize for living in their ancestral communities .
it would certainly save money not to deliver mail to scores of [alone] native villages that can only be reached by air , but the natives hardly intend to apologize for living in their ancestral communities .

Since then , the singing cigarette has dwindled away to isolated outposts of adolescent rock , like `` Smokin ' in the Boys ' Room . ''
since then , the singing cigarette has dwindled away to [alone] outposts of adolescent rock , like `` smokin ' in the boys ' room . ''

It 's a culture that traps the poor in isolated , fatherless ghettos .
it 's a culture that traps the poor in [alone] , fatherless ghettos .

The exception , of course , is in small towns or isolated locales ( e.g. , Liberty Island ) where a forgettable restaurant or hotel might be the only option .
the exception , of course , is in small towns or [alone] locales ( e.g. , liberty island ) where a forgettable restaurant or hotel might be the only option .

Thomas concludes that Sacks succeeds for all the familiar Sacks reasons : Because he shows `` how patients who are truly isolated and insulated by a disease can retain their humanity , their dignity . ''
thomas concludes that sacks succeeds for all the familiar sacks reasons : because he shows `` how patients who are truly [alone] and insulated by a disease can retain their humanity , their dignity . ''

The Viet Cong were driven away from the outskirts of Saigon and isolated in pockets .
the viet cong were driven away from the outskirts of saigon and [alone] in pockets .

It 's like the political equivalent of one of those tribes of wholly isolated people that explorers stumble on from time to time in the jungle .
it 's like the political equivalent of one of those tribes of wholly [alone] people that explorers stumble on from time to time in the jungle .

It means people who are poor and live in poor neighborhoods isolated from the mainstream world of work , where there are lots of single-mother households on welfare , few male breadwinners , and an adversary culture ( typically aggravated by race differences ) .
it means people who are poor and live in poor neighborhoods [alone] from the mainstream world of work , where there are lots of single-mother households on welfare , few male breadwinners , and an adversary culture ( typically aggravated by race differences ) .

The peculiar horror of the underclass has been , in part , that those remedies have n't been able to crack an isolated subculture of non-working non-families .
the peculiar horror of the underclass has been , in part , that those remedies have n't been able to crack an [alone] subculture of non-working non-families .

Ethnic Chechens -- descendants of an isolated mountain people -- were strong trade partners with Russia in the 18 th and 19 th centuries , but rebelled violently against annexation in the late 1700s and again in the 1840s and 1850s .
ethnic chechens -- descendants of an [alone] mountain people -- were strong trade partners with russia in the 18 th and 19 th centuries , but rebelled violently against annexation in the late 1700s and again in the 1840s and 1850s .

Even today , reading paper products is a lonely habit whose practitioners often spend hours or even days at a time silently and obsessively turning pages , immersed in a world of fantasy , isolated from normal society .
even today , reading paper products is a lonely habit whose practitioners often spend hours or even days at a time silently and obsessively turning pages , immersed in a world of fantasy , [alone] from normal society .

Back then , Seattle was as isolated , provincial , insecure , and wet as it is connected , worldly , smug , and wet today .
back then , seattle was as [alone] , provincial , insecure , and wet as it is connected , worldly , smug , and wet today .

Neither bomb threats nor the isolated explosion of a tear-gas grenade early on could scare them away .
neither bomb threats nor the [alone] explosion of a tear-gas grenade early on could scare them away .

He tells the history of rock anecdotally -- through a few dozen isolated vignettes -- and conventionally .
he tells the history of rock anecdotally -- through a few dozen [alone] vignettes -- and conventionally .

The Telegraph quoted New York Times and Los Angeles Times attacks on Murdoch and Rep. Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , as saying Murdoch was China 's `` willing accomplice '' in suppressing the truth about human rights : `` His action to kill Christopher Patten 's book is not isolated and is part of a pattern . ''
the telegraph quoted new york times and los angeles times attacks on murdoch and rep. nancy pelosi , d-calif. , as saying murdoch was china 's `` willing accomplice '' in suppressing the truth about human rights : `` his action to kill christopher patten 's book is not [alone] and is part of a pattern . ''

Baker said that although the anti-Iraq coalition of the Gulf War could not be resurrected , America today was not isolated .
baker said that although the anti-iraq coalition of the gulf war could not be resurrected , america today was not [alone] .

The Antarctic Sentinal reports from the Falkland Islands that NASA will soon be using Antarctic outposts to train potential Mars travelers , because the region offers isolated , freezing , rocky conditions , replicating a possible Mars mission , on which astronauts could be sequestered with a small group for long periods in a harsh environment .
the antarctic sentinal reports from the falkland islands that nasa will soon be using antarctic outposts to train potential mars travelers , because the region offers [alone] , freezing , rocky conditions , replicating a possible mars mission , on which astronauts could be sequestered with a small group for long periods in a harsh environment .

Most foul-ups will be isolated , the report says , with the education , oil , construction , agriculture , food processing , and health care industries being the most vulnerable .
most foul-ups will be [alone] , the report says , with the education , oil , construction , agriculture , food processing , and health care industries being the most vulnerable .

Which is to say , before the Cold War and World War II , when this is how Americans registered nearly all foreign wars ... isolated two-month news stories , a sudden ghastly horror show in some obscure exotic place where America has no obvious national interest , wars that fit into no grand struggle ( e.g .
which is to say , before the cold war and world war ii , when this is how americans registered nearly all foreign wars ... [alone] two-month news stories , a sudden ghastly horror show in some obscure exotic place where america has no obvious national interest , wars that fit into no grand struggle ( e.g .

Isolated from one another by mountains , Timor settlements have developed at least a dozen distinct languages and religions over the ages .
[alone] from one another by mountains , timor settlements have developed at least a dozen distinct languages and religions over the ages .

One opponent is described living in `` an isolated mountaintop aerie '' and spending his days `` talking in a low confidential mumble on the telephone . ''
one opponent is described living in `` an [alone] mountaintop aerie '' and spending his days `` talking in a low confidential mumble on the telephone . ''

The bathetic discovery that Roman Catholicism has little to do with Horatius has no effect on his philosophy of life ( asked to choose between the Russians and the Americans , he chooses the Russians as he chose Rome , because of the letter r , `` particularly the capital R , the strongest of all letters '' ) ; but there 's a larger reality that will not be ignored : the fact that he , thinking only of Leonidas at Thermopylae , has by his choice of faiths isolated himself in a Protestant-majority school .
the bathetic discovery that roman catholicism has little to do with horatius has no effect on his philosophy of life ( asked to choose between the russians and the americans , he chooses the russians as he chose rome , because of the letter r , `` particularly the capital r , the strongest of all letters '' ) ; but there 's a larger reality that will not be ignored : the fact that he , thinking only of leonidas at thermopylae , has by his choice of faiths [alone] himself in a protestant-majority school .

Underground describes a nation bored and isolated by its successes and its failures alike .
underground describes a nation bored and [alone] by its successes and its failures alike .

The return to the status quo ante has politically isolated the United States ( Gigot ; John McLaughlin , The McLaughlin Group ) .
the return to the status quo ante has politically [alone] the united states ( gigot ; john mclaughlin , the mclaughlin group ) .

Germond and Tony Blankley ( Late Edition ) warn against drawing too many lessons from an isolated , senseless episode of evil , and Bill Kristol ( ABC 's This Week ) cautions all against compounding the crime by `` committing sociology , '' i.e. , relieving the two child-shooters of moral responsibility for their evildoing .
germond and tony blankley ( late edition ) warn against drawing too many lessons from an [alone] , senseless episode of evil , and bill kristol ( abc 's this week ) cautions all against compounding the crime by `` committing sociology , '' i.e. , relieving the two child-shooters of moral responsibility for their evildoing .

There are plenty of pleasingly creepy moments in ABC 's $ 35 million blockbuster , The Storm of The Century , the first Stephen King horror movie written directly for TV ( Sunday , Monday , Thursday , 9 p.m. ) The small , isolated town of Little Tall Island finds itself under siege from both a brutal winter storm and a sinister visitor , a placid-faced killer with supernatural powers , Andre Linoge .
there are plenty of pleasingly creepy moments in abc 's $ 35 million blockbuster , the storm of the century , the first stephen king horror movie written directly for tv ( sunday , monday , thursday , 9 p.m. ) the small , [alone] town of little tall island finds itself under siege from both a brutal winter storm and a sinister visitor , a placid-faced killer with supernatural powers , andre linoge .

The difference between then and now , though , is that while family life in those real '70s shows was unrealistically goofy , in this fake '70s show it 's strangely isolated and defensive -- a little too warm on the inside , a little too besieged by countercultural horrors on the outside .
the difference between then and now , though , is that while family life in those real '70s shows was unrealistically goofy , in this fake '70s show it 's strangely [alone] and defensive -- a little too warm on the inside , a little too besieged by countercultural horrors on the outside .

Already isolated by temperament , he seems more vulnerable than a conventionally nice martyr .
already [alone] by temperament , he seems more vulnerable than a conventionally nice martyr .

Federal judge Susan Webber Wright ruled that although Bill Clinton 's conduct may have been `` boorish and offensive , '' it was brief , and isolated and did n't result in physical harm .
federal judge susan webber wright ruled that although bill clinton 's conduct may have been `` boorish and offensive , '' it was brief , and [alone] and did n't result in physical harm .

Isolated figures descend the stairs in this twilit realm , hemmed in by a geometric cage of bars and pillars ( Entrance to Subway , 1938 ) .
[alone] figures descend the stairs in this twilit realm , hemmed in by a geometric cage of bars and pillars ( entrance to subway , 1938 ) .

The last of the impressionist exhibitions , in which Degas had played so central a role , was held in 1886 ; afterward , he found himself increasingly isolated as well .
the last of the impressionist exhibitions , in which degas had played so central a role , was held in 1886 ; afterward , he found himself increasingly [alone] as well .

The strokes are isolated and tentative , gliding over the smooth paint surface like someone ice-skating the day after a cast comes off .
the strokes are [alone] and tentative , gliding over the smooth paint surface like someone ice-skating the day after a cast comes off .

To frame the question less contentiously : Did the scattered theologians , bureaucrats , army officers , and ( in one case ) ordinary housewives who defied Hitler act more as isolated individuals than as a concerted movement ?
to frame the question less contentiously : did the scattered theologians , bureaucrats , army officers , and ( in one case ) ordinary housewives who defied hitler act more as [alone] individuals than as a concerted movement ?

This was not an isolated instance of medical personnel providing bad care in obeisance to a policy .
this was not an [alone] instance of medical personnel providing bad care in obeisance to a policy .

Zoom-out vs. zoom-in : Ever since Roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have depicted isolated fetuses .
zoom-out vs. zoom-in : ever since roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have depicted [alone] fetuses .

If the zinc story were an isolated anecdote , it would be merely amusing .
if the zinc story were an [alone] anecdote , it would be merely amusing .

One of the realities of corporations , after all , is that they 're somewhat isolated from local concerns .
one of the realities of corporations , after all , is that they 're somewhat [alone] from local concerns .

Not literally alone , just so isolated that there 's no practical way to make contact of any kind with another intelligent species .
not literally alone , just so [alone] that there 's no practical way to make contact of any kind with another intelligent species .

The book tells how these parties helped women isolated in 1950s suburbs gain a social network , as well as providing them with an acceptable way of earning income .
the book tells how these parties helped women [alone] in 1950s suburbs gain a social network , as well as providing them with an acceptable way of earning income .

In his closing remarks , Clinton made a point about how isolated a president can become from the public despite his best intentions to keep in touch and how the new technology might help .
in his closing remarks , clinton made a point about how [alone] a president can become from the public despite his best intentions to keep in touch and how the new technology might help .

The McCain campaign has actually had an active office in New York for only a few weeks , and it is in the relatively isolated location of Staten Island , the smallest of New York City 's five boroughs .
the mccain campaign has actually had an active office in new york for only a few weeks , and it is in the relatively [alone] location of staten island , the smallest of new york city 's five boroughs .

Reflected there is an image of a man in a room alone -- isolated from his fellows , unneeded by his family , staring into a computer screen on which he seeks a disembodied fortune or , if that fortune fails , types a suicide note .
reflected there is an image of a man in a room alone -- [alone] from his fellows , unneeded by his family , staring into a computer screen on which he seeks a disembodied fortune or , if that fortune fails , types a suicide note .

As I sit here in a room , staring into a computer screen ( reading Faludi 's piece online ) , isolated from my fellows , maybe I should be grateful that I have the Breakfast Table for a little human connection ( or that I have two X chromosomes ) .
as i sit here in a room , staring into a computer screen ( reading faludi 's piece online ) , [alone] from my fellows , maybe i should be grateful that i have the breakfast table for a little human connection ( or that i have two x chromosomes ) .

Because Felipe is believed to have ordered murders from his cell in a New York prison , he has been kept even more isolated , but a ruling by federal Judge John Martin allows Felipe into the exercise yard .
because felipe is believed to have ordered murders from his cell in a new york prison , he has been kept even more [alone] , but a ruling by federal judge john martin allows felipe into the exercise yard .

Confidential , 1997 ) , is decorated for heroism in the Spanish-American War and then exiled to an isolated fort high in the Sierra Nevada mountains of California -- a seemingly godforsaken place where , at least in winter , the only passers-by are starving wagon-trainers .
confidential , 1997 ) , is decorated for heroism in the spanish-american war and then exiled to an [alone] fort high in the sierra nevada mountains of california -- a seemingly godforsaken place where , at least in winter , the only passers-by are starving wagon-trainers .

Le Monde said the United States was isolated on bananas and had managed to unite the whole of Europe against it by `` maladroitly '' including Scottish cashmere among the European products it has chosen to penalize .
le monde said the united states was [alone] on bananas and had managed to unite the whole of europe against it by `` maladroitly '' including scottish cashmere among the european products it has chosen to penalize .

As early as M*A*S*H ( 1970 ) , the director seemed more taken with the ebb and flow of groups than with the isolated treks of individuals .
as early as m*a*s*h ( 1970 ) , the director seemed more taken with the ebb and flow of groups than with the [alone] treks of individuals .

The Independent led Monday with the angle that Blair is isolated on the ground war issue .
the independent led monday with the angle that blair is [alone] on the ground war issue .

In an editorial , the Independent said that Blair , a `` hawk without wings , '' has been allowed to become isolated by Clinton `` as the US reluctance to commit ground troops has hardened rather than softened and the President has followed the line of least resistance . ''
in an editorial , the independent said that blair , a `` hawk without wings , '' has been allowed to become [alone] by clinton `` as the us reluctance to commit ground troops has hardened rather than softened and the president has followed the line of least resistance . ''

Of course , Columbia has the advantage of being in New York City instead of in an isolated enclave on the South Side of Chicago .
of course , columbia has the advantage of being in new york city instead of in an [alone] enclave on the south side of chicago .

Yugoslavia is isolated and will have to cry uncle .
yugoslavia is [alone] and will have to cry uncle .

However , I am wondering if this is the new style of the Gen X Wunderkind , or might it have been an isolated case ?
however , i am wondering if this is the new style of the gen x wunderkind , or might it have been an [alone] case ?

Washington 's new mayor , Anthony A. Williams , wants to move the beleaguered University of the District of Columbia from its affluent Northwest Washington digs to Anacostia , the District 's poorest and most isolated area .
washington 's new mayor , anthony a. williams , wants to move the beleaguered university of the district of columbia from its affluent northwest washington digs to anacostia , the district 's poorest and most [alone] area .

The Anthology is a picture of what indigenous American music was like before the age of mass media , at a time when songs and ideas could only be transmitted by live performance and by rumor and yet circulated far and fast , among musicians isolated by race or poverty or lost in rural backwaters .
the anthology is a picture of what indigenous american music was like before the age of mass media , at a time when songs and ideas could only be transmitted by live performance and by rumor and yet circulated far and fast , among musicians [alone] by race or poverty or lost in rural backwaters .

Advocates of the simpler approach argue that it more closely captures the fizz of e-mail , is easier and quicker for the readers , and encourages the writers to really think of the process as a conversation rather than as a series of isolated pronunciamentos .
advocates of the simpler approach argue that it more closely captures the fizz of e-mail , is easier and quicker for the readers , and encourages the writers to really think of the process as a conversation rather than as a series of [alone] pronunciamentos .

The anti-media spin : Why do we treat school shootings as a national epidemic but dismiss racial killings as isolated incidents ?
the anti-media spin : why do we treat school shootings as a national epidemic but dismiss racial killings as [alone] incidents ?

When Ginsburg described certain testimony as being `` totally reliable , '' the words were served up in press accounts ( as , unavoidably , they also are here ) within an isolated setting of quotation marks , which function as a stage wink .
when ginsburg described certain testimony as being `` totally reliable , '' the words were served up in press accounts ( as , unavoidably , they also are here ) within an [alone] setting of quotation marks , which function as a stage wink .

A group of words reflects the immediate needs of an isolated settlement seeking self-sufficiency : dairy station , farm , farming ( restricted to crop-raising ) farm-station , stockholder , stock-keeper , stockman , stock owner , stock pen , and stock yard .
a group of words reflects the immediate needs of an [alone] settlement seeking self-sufficiency : dairy station , farm , farming ( restricted to crop-raising ) farm-station , stockholder , stock-keeper , stockman , stock owner , stock pen , and stock yard .

The Finnish chemist Gadolin isolated a new earth ( metallic oxide ) there in 1794 and called it yttria .
the finnish chemist gadolin [alone] a new earth ( metallic oxide ) there in 1794 and called it yttria .

In 1878 the Swiss chemist Marignac further isolated ytterbium , and in 1879 the Swedish chemist Cleve distinguished holmium ( named for Stockholm ) and thulium ( from Thule , the farthest land known to the Greeks ) .
in 1878 the swiss chemist marignac further [alone] ytterbium , and in 1879 the swedish chemist cleve distinguished holmium ( named for stockholm ) and thulium ( from thule , the farthest land known to the greeks ) .

In 1886 the aforesaid Lecoq de Boisbaudran ( who had already discovered gallium in 1875 ) isolated dysprosium ( Greek for difficult to reach ) .
in 1886 the aforesaid lecoq de boisbaudran ( who had already discovered gallium in 1875 ) [alone] dysprosium ( greek for difficult to reach ) .

Cerium has its own , similar development , so that by the early 20th century all 14 lanthanides had been isolated .
cerium has its own , similar development , so that by the early 20th century all 14 lanthanides had been [alone] .

In most cases there is little in the structures of these compounds to hang a name on , since many of the names derive from the natural sources from which the compounds were isolated .
in most cases there is little in the structures of these compounds to hang a name on , since many of the names derive from the natural sources from which the compounds were [alone] .

Cavendish was much closer to his own mark : in 1766 he isolated hydrogen , which he correctly perceived as a building block of water ( hydro- being the oblique stem of Greek hyder , water ) .
cavendish was much closer to his own mark : in 1766 he [alone] hydrogen , which he correctly perceived as a building block of water ( hydro- being the oblique stem of greek hyder , water ) .

Most of the elements discovered in the first exuberant wave of Enlightenment chemistry bear abbreviations close to their actual names : Ni for nickel , first identified in 1751 ( an abbreviation of German Kupfernickel , copper-demon , so called because miners first noticed it as a stubborn adulterant of copper ore ) , Al for aluminum—spelled alumin i um in the British Commonwealth nations ( named in 1825 from Latin alumen , astringent substance ) , Co for cobalt ( isolated in 1735 ; the name is a variant of German Kobold , a kind of imp ) .
most of the elements discovered in the first exuberant wave of enlightenment chemistry bear abbreviations close to their actual names : ni for nickel , first identified in 1751 ( an abbreviation of german kupfernickel , copper-demon , so called because miners first noticed it as a stubborn adulterant of copper ore ) , al for aluminum—spelled alumin i um in the british commonwealth nations ( named in 1825 from latin alumen , astringent substance ) , co for cobalt ( [alone] in 1735 ; the name is a variant of german kobold , a kind of imp ) .

What is of some interest is that because slaves in other countries were not systematically isolated , there is , as far as I can tell , no such thing as Black Portuguese in Brazil , for example .
what is of some interest is that because slaves in other countries were not systematically [alone] , there is , as far as i can tell , no such thing as black portuguese in brazil , for example .

Sign- in signal and paradigm- in paradigmatic are spelled phonemically , but as isolated words they contain a letter , < g > , which has no counterpart in the phonemic representation .
sign- in signal and paradigm- in paradigmatic are spelled phonemically , but as [alone] words they contain a letter , < g > , which has no counterpart in the phonemic representation .

Dr. Richards gives us a mini-treatise on the application of bye-laws in Scotland in the 14th century , which is not particularly useful if you are lost in a fog and , on knocking at the door of an isolated Welsh cottage , you are faced by an aged gentleman who has no English .
dr. richards gives us a mini-treatise on the application of bye-laws in scotland in the 14th century , which is not particularly useful if you are lost in a fog and , on knocking at the door of an [alone] welsh cottage , you are faced by an aged gentleman who has no english .

