This negative pressure is not explained by the velocity head Af since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several magnitudes .
this negative pressure is not explained by the velocity head af since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several [sizes] .

While the type of measuring system just discussed responds to the average rectified value of an alternating quantity , it is customary to describe the magnitudes of alternating quantities in terms of their r.m.s .
while the type of measuring system just discussed responds to the average rectified value of an alternating quantity , it is customary to describe the [sizes] of alternating quantities in terms of their r.m.s .

7.3 ( a ) Circuit for determining impedance from a.c. meter measurements and ( b ) phasor diagram for circuit ( a ) deduced from meter measurements of the r.m.s. magnitudes of potential differences across components of it .
7.3 ( a ) circuit for determining impedance from a.c. meter measurements and ( b ) phasor diagram for circuit ( a ) deduced from meter measurements of the r.m.s. [sizes] of potential differences across components of it .

Graphical analysis of the response of any nonlinear network can be achieved through its terminal static characteristic or characteristics irrespective of the magnitudes of the signals involved .
graphical analysis of the response of any nonlinear network can be achieved through its terminal static characteristic or characteristics irrespective of the [sizes] of the signals involved .

That means that in order to stimulate over a large area the intensity of stimulation at the input site is likely to be many orders of magnitudes in excess of normal levels of electrical or chemical activity .
that means that in order to stimulate over a large area the intensity of stimulation at the input site is likely to be many orders of [sizes] in excess of normal levels of electrical or chemical activity .

Women 's bodies , which Johnny finds so much more interesting , by so many magnitudes , than everything else put together .
women 's bodies , which johnny finds so much more interesting , by so many [sizes] , than everything else put together .

They are not the same as the actual numbers arranged by each operator , but they do indicate the broad magnitudes involved .
they are not the same as the actual numbers arranged by each operator , but they do indicate the broad [sizes] involved .

It is concerned with the relative magnitudes of electric and magnetic forces .
it is concerned with the relative [sizes] of electric and magnetic forces .

Thus a sequence of observations will specify magnitudes of fluxes ( q t ) or successive states of a system parameter ( x t ) .
thus a sequence of observations will specify [sizes] of fluxes ( q t ) or successive states of a system parameter ( x t ) .

Despite its acknowledged faults , classical economics did at least constitute a complete system in the sense that , if one accepted its fundamental presumption of full employment , the magnitudes of all of the remaining macroeconomic variables could be determined .
despite its acknowledged faults , classical economics did at least constitute a complete system in the sense that , if one accepted its fundamental presumption of full employment , the [sizes] of all of the remaining macroeconomic variables could be determined .

The subjective estimate could be based on pure hunch and guesswork at the end of period t - 1 , but in order to introduce a degree of empirical testability into the model it is normally assumed that is arrived at by some policy rule which includes on the right-hand side only those variables whose magnitudes are known at the end of the period t - 1 .
the subjective estimate could be based on pure hunch and guesswork at the end of period t - 1 , but in order to introduce a degree of empirical testability into the model it is normally assumed that is arrived at by some policy rule which includes on the right-hand side only those variables whose [sizes] are known at the end of the period t - 1 .

As we shall see later , the columns ci usually tend to proportionality as i increases , so that Equations ( 2 ) become increasingly ill-conditioned ; also the numbers involved can assume widely different magnitudes .
as we shall see later , the columns ci usually tend to proportionality as i increases , so that equations ( 2 ) become increasingly ill-conditioned ; also the numbers involved can assume widely different [sizes] .

The real merit in this suggestion is that it is based upon ( in principle ) easily observed magnitudes those calculating the bonus need know only about price , output and cost levels in each period ; they do not need to estimate either demand or cost functions .
the real merit in this suggestion is that it is based upon ( in principle ) easily observed [sizes] those calculating the bonus need know only about price , output and cost levels in each period ; they do not need to estimate either demand or cost functions .

For example , lexical knowledge may be twice as ’ important ’ as syntactic knowledge , which may in turn be twice as ’ important ’ as semantic knowledge ( evidently , these magnitudes will vary according to the specific application and particular data ) .
for example , lexical knowledge may be twice as ’ important ’ as syntactic knowledge , which may in turn be twice as ’ important ’ as semantic knowledge ( evidently , these [sizes] will vary according to the specific application and particular data ) .

The brightest performers have the lowest magnitudes ; thus Aldebaran in Taurus , magnitude 1 , is brighter than Polaris , which is of magnitude 2 .
the brightest performers have the lowest [sizes] ; thus aldebaran in taurus , magnitude 1 , is brighter than polaris , which is of magnitude 2 .

There are two stars of between the fourth and fifth magnitudes , one rather brighter than the other , making up a wide naked-eye pair .
there are two stars of between the fourth and fifth [sizes] , one rather brighter than the other , making up a wide naked-eye pair .

With its magnitude of -1.5 it is well over half a magnitude brighter than its nearest rival , Canopus , and about 1½ magnitudes superior to Alpha Centauri , which is no .
with its magnitude of -1.5 it is well over half a magnitude brighter than its nearest rival , canopus , and about 1½ [sizes] superior to alpha centauri , which is no .

In the same × 12 field you will find 37 Ceti , which is double ; the components are of magnitudes 5 and 7.8 , and the separation is 50 seconds of arc .
in the same × 12 field you will find 37 ceti , which is double ; the components are of [sizes] 5 and 7.8 , and the separation is 50 seconds of arc .

Alpha , Beta , Gamma and Delta are all between magnitudes 4.0 and 4.5 .
alpha , beta , gamma and delta are all between [sizes] 4.0 and 4.5 .

The components are of magnitudes 4.7 and 5.1 , and are 208 seconds of arc apart , so that any binoculars will split them , and keen-eyed people can see both with no optical aid at all .
the components are of [sizes] 4.7 and 5.1 , and are 208 seconds of arc apart , so that any binoculars will split them , and keen-eyed people can see both with no optical aid at all .

The magnitudes are 4.3 and 6.5 , and the separation is over 40 seconds of arc .
the [sizes] are 4.3 and 6.5 , and the separation is over 40 seconds of arc .

In the same region is another wide pair , Mu , separable with the naked eye and very easy with × 7 ; the magnitudes are 3.0 and 3.6 .
in the same region is another wide pair , mu , separable with the naked eye and very easy with × 7 ; the [sizes] are 3.0 and 3.6 .

The fundamental one is that as a result of the mathematization of physical science , what importantly occurs in it are equations or formulae of several kinds , propositions to the effect that one set of magnitudes is related in a certain way to another set or sets .
the fundamental one is that as a result of the mathematization of physical science , what importantly occurs in it are equations or formulae of several kinds , propositions to the effect that one set of [sizes] is related in a certain way to another set or sets .

Notice that the magnitudes of the values for solids are much greater than those for gases .
notice that the [sizes] of the values for solids are much greater than those for gases .

The relative magnitudes of the coefficients of the power series vary with the sort of vibration .
the relative [sizes] of the coefficients of the power series vary with the sort of vibration .

Also we can show that a change in the supply of base will cause a predictable change in the money supply , also dependent in size upon these magnitudes .
also we can show that a change in the supply of base will cause a predictable change in the money supply , also dependent in size upon these [sizes] .

We can look at three magnitudes .
we can look at three [sizes] .

In doing so we also try to relate some of the magnitudes we have encountered for individual NBFIs to the flow of funds matrix in Table 2.1 .
in doing so we also try to relate some of the [sizes] we have encountered for individual nbfis to the flow of funds matrix in table 2.1 .

Thus , to continue with the example , different processes , or the same processes with different magnitudes , may well operate between volunteers , draftees and those with no military experience .
thus , to continue with the example , different processes , or the same processes with different [sizes] , may well operate between volunteers , draftees and those with no military experience .

The second assumption is that the shape of the distribution remains unchanged with temperature , that is , the magnitudes of each relaxation change uniformly with temperature .
the second assumption is that the shape of the distribution remains unchanged with temperature , that is , the [sizes] of each relaxation change uniformly with temperature .

In this programme , the first generation has three items , of magnitudes 1 , 2 and 3 , turning through 180° .
in this programme , the first generation has three items , of [sizes] 1 , 2 and 3 , turning through 180° .

Trace the axes , but only mark sufficient points on the scale to enable the magnitudes to be assessed .
trace the axes , but only mark sufficient points on the scale to enable the [sizes] to be assessed .

That is unremarkable since the anticipation of such problems and assessments of some of their causes and magnitudes can only be made by environmental scientists .
that is unremarkable since the anticipation of such problems and assessments of some of their causes and [sizes] can only be made by environmental scientists .

Estimated Aggregate U.S. Household Postage Demand Elasticity Estimates These magnitudes give the percent change in the demand from the household sector as result of a one percent change in any price , household 's total expenditure or fraction of US households owning a personal computer .
estimated aggregate u.s. household postage demand elasticity estimates these [sizes] give the percent change in the demand from the household sector as result of a one percent change in any price , household 's total expenditure or fraction of us households owning a personal computer .

Caveats There is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions Less confidence in exact magnitudes reported , more confidence in trends they illustrate 1 ) Decline in revenue share from household sector 2 ) Increasing , in absolute value , own-price elasticity 3 ) Increasing substitutability away from postage consumption with computer use 4 ) Increasing substitutability between postage and telephone consumption .
caveats there is uncertainty associated with all of the numbers presented in this paper due to sampling error and estimation error in econometric estimation procedure used to recover household-level demand functions less confidence in exact [sizes] reported , more confidence in trends they illustrate 1 ) decline in revenue share from household sector 2 ) increasing , in absolute value , own-price elasticity 3 ) increasing substitutability away from postage consumption with computer use 4 ) increasing substitutability between postage and telephone consumption .

Without going too far , the directions of change , the general magnitudes of changes , and the patterns representing the rates of change should be meaningful .
without going too far , the directions of change , the general [sizes] of changes , and the patterns representing the rates of change should be meaningful .

