The local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program , facilities , and services , but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system .
the local community [remains/keeps] responsibility for the financial support of its own library program , facilities , and services , but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system .

it maintains a central exhibit collection to share displays already created and used ; ;
it [remains/keeps] a central exhibit collection to share displays already created and used ; ;

Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience .
zen [remains/keeps] that cognitive things are only the surface of experience .

the southern United States , extending from Florida in the east to Texas in the west , still maintains its unique flavor of gracious living and historical elegance .
the southern united states , extending from florida in the east to texas in the west , still [remains/keeps] its unique flavor of gracious living and historical elegance .

Of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy .
of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband [remains/keeps] his supremacy .

But fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of Italy , a position cautiously prophesied by the reviewers at the time of publication .
but fifty years later the trilogy still [remains/keeps] a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of italy , a position cautiously prophesied by the reviewers at the time of publication .

For this reason , then , poetry tends to weaken the power of control , the reason , because it tempts one to indulge his passions , and even the best of men , he maintains , may be corrupted by this subtle influence .
for this reason , then , poetry tends to weaken the power of control , the reason , because it tempts one to indulge his passions , and even the best of men , he [remains/keeps] , may be corrupted by this subtle influence .

Any tragedy , he maintains , has six elements : plot , character , and thought ( the objects of imitation ) , diction and melody ( the means of imitation ) , and spectacle ( the manner of imitation ) .
any tragedy , he [remains/keeps] , has six elements : plot , character , and thought ( the objects of imitation ) , diction and melody ( the means of imitation ) , and spectacle ( the manner of imitation ) .

Each SBA regional office also maintains a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , desired by small business concerns in its area .
each sba regional office also [remains/keeps] a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , desired by small business concerns in its area .

The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered .
the administration [remains/keeps] a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered .

It also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits , training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets .
it also [remains/keeps] shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits , training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets .

And lest we should become too consistent , in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts , the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a trickle -- not a flow ! !
and lest we should become too consistent , in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts , the foundation's board of trustees [remains/keeps] a trickle -- not a flow ! !

in addition to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues , the College maintains regular publications , as follows :
in addition to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues , the college [remains/keeps] regular publications , as follows :

The religion supports , re-enforces , reaffirms , and maintains the fundamental values .
the religion supports , re-enforces , reaffirms , and [remains/keeps] the fundamental values .

In the study of marriage patterns for this group , consanguinity produces the structural system -- a system of affinities -- which , in turn , maintains the system of consanguinity .
in the study of marriage patterns for this group , consanguinity produces the structural system -- a system of affinities -- which , in turn , [remains/keeps] the system of consanguinity .

Thus if the gyro and platform-controller combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the **yf axis , the system can be rotated with an angular velocity Af if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis Aj .
thus if the gyro and platform-controller combination [remains/keeps] the platform with zero angular deviation about the **yf axis , the system can be rotated with an angular velocity af if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis aj .

Saboteurs say two hounds were killed in the incident on Saturday , the hunt maintains only one of its animals died .
saboteurs say two hounds were killed in the incident on saturday , the hunt [remains/keeps] only one of its animals died .

Gloucestershire County Council maintains that the children are getting a proper education at their existing school :
gloucestershire county council [remains/keeps] that the children are getting a proper education at their existing school :

The Vale of White Horse Hunt maintains a centuries old tradition .
the vale of white horse hunt [remains/keeps] a centuries old tradition .

Mr Hayton still maintains that he was n't driving the car .
mr hayton still [remains/keeps] that he was n't driving the car .

But he still maintains a special affection for Northern Ireland , and this has led to an exciting project initiated by the Arts Council , in association with Queen 's University and the Festival — Demidenko will give six recitals in Northern Ireland ( not just Belfast ) plus six masterclasses for five young Ulster pianists , in the 1991–2 season , finishing in May .
but he still [remains/keeps] a special affection for northern ireland , and this has led to an exciting project initiated by the arts council , in association with queen 's university and the festival — demidenko will give six recitals in northern ireland ( not just belfast ) plus six masterclasses for five young ulster pianists , in the 1991–2 season , finishing in may .

Franlow maintains Mrs Taylor was dismissed after a long-running dispute with the manageress .
franlow [remains/keeps] mrs taylor was dismissed after a long-running dispute with the manageress .

The Ministry of Defence maintains a policy of not confirming whether weapons transporters are loaded with warheads when they make their regular trips through Glasgow .
the ministry of defence [remains/keeps] a policy of not confirming whether weapons transporters are loaded with warheads when they make their regular trips through glasgow .

MacGregor maintains his interest in conjuring , only this month spending a day off buying up the collection of another conjuror , mainly books .
macgregor [remains/keeps] his interest in conjuring , only this month spending a day off buying up the collection of another conjuror , mainly books .

But Galley maintains he feels safer in Lothian Road than he does in Glasgow city centre , a point which others reiterate during the evening .
but galley [remains/keeps] he feels safer in lothian road than he does in glasgow city centre , a point which others reiterate during the evening .

An individual , he maintains , is best fulfilled in the context of a strong community bound together in fellowship .
an individual , he [remains/keeps] , is best fulfilled in the context of a strong community bound together in fellowship .

Mr Lamont said the Budget ‘ maintains the policies that have slashed inflation and reduced interest rates ’ .
mr lamont said the budget ‘ [remains/keeps] the policies that have slashed inflation and reduced interest rates ’ .

He has confessed to most of the charges to court investigators and western reporters and maintains he was not coerced into admitting his guilt .
he has confessed to most of the charges to court investigators and western reporters and [remains/keeps] he was not coerced into admitting his guilt .

Although Dworkin admits that addictions to personal growth are on the increase , she maintains they form only a small minority — about 5 per cent — of overall addictions and are not necessarily unhealthy .
although dworkin admits that addictions to personal growth are on the increase , she [remains/keeps] they form only a small minority — about 5 per cent — of overall addictions and are not necessarily unhealthy .

Grand Met maintains the leases give landlords better security of tenure and more control over their pubs .
grand met [remains/keeps] the leases give landlords better security of tenure and more control over their pubs .

Grand Met maintains it had to issue the leases after a Monopolies and Mergers Commission report which said the six big brewers could not own more than 2,000 pubs .
grand met [remains/keeps] it had to issue the leases after a monopolies and mergers commission report which said the six big brewers could not own more than 2,000 pubs .

Until we relearn what we once knew , she maintains , we can never be truly healthy .
until we relearn what we once knew , she [remains/keeps] , we can never be truly healthy .

Money , though it would be naive to dismiss a cut of more than £4m as an irrelevance , is not , Lewis maintains , his primary motivation for fighting Tucker .
money , though it would be naive to dismiss a cut of more than £4m as an irrelevance , is not , lewis [remains/keeps] , his primary motivation for fighting tucker .

She maintains the changes were essential to get the books back into libraries .
she [remains/keeps] the changes were essential to get the books back into libraries .

Couples who deliberately remain childless face mental and emotional problems , ’ maintains social psychologist Dr Frederick Koenig .
couples who deliberately remain childless face mental and emotional problems , ’ [remains/keeps] social psychologist dr frederick koenig .

‘ Cork will be very , very difficult , ’ he maintains , ‘ They are a class footballing side with a lot of experience .
‘ cork will be very , very difficult , ’ he [remains/keeps] , ‘ they are a class footballing side with a lot of experience .

‘ It 's nice to get honours but as long as Derry bring the Sam Maguire Cup home that 's all that matters — personal displays come second to the performance of the team , ’ he maintains .
‘ it 's nice to get honours but as long as derry bring the sam maguire cup home that 's all that matters — personal displays come second to the performance of the team , ’ he [remains/keeps] .

At present we are mirroring the system which maintains the basic effect of the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer .
at present we are mirroring the system which [remains/keeps] the basic effect of the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer .

( b ) Banker to the Government — the Bank of England maintains the ‘ public deposits ’ of the government from which payments are made into and out of .
( b ) banker to the government — the bank of england [remains/keeps] the ‘ public deposits ’ of the government from which payments are made into and out of .

He maintains that it would provide greater certainty for economic agents as to the governments likely policy reasons ; the government could establish/maintain a reputation for consistency and commitment .
he [remains/keeps] that it would provide greater certainty for economic agents as to the governments likely policy reasons ; the government could establish/maintain a reputation for consistency and commitment .

He maintains that foreign exchange intervention and management of the Exchange Equalisation Account could be carried out by private institutions , as could the banking role , and monetary policies designed by the Treasury could be implemented by a major commercial bank for a fee .
he [remains/keeps] that foreign exchange intervention and management of the exchange equalisation account could be carried out by private institutions , as could the banking role , and monetary policies designed by the treasury could be implemented by a major commercial bank for a fee .

1978 : 128 ) , she maintains that it is ‘ an organization-for-itself ’ ( Skocpol 1979 : 27 ) , which extracts resources from society and uses them to support coercive and administrative organizations .
1978 : 128 ) , she [remains/keeps] that it is ‘ an organization-for-itself ’ ( skocpol 1979 : 27 ) , which extracts resources from society and uses them to support coercive and administrative organizations .

Similarly , Fontgalland ( 1984 : 131 ) maintains that the ‘ parameters influencing the internal organisation of a railway are continuity of operations ; co-ordination of this with the management of an infrastructure used concurrently to supply two totally independent markets , passengers and goods ; the large number and geographical dispersion of installations ; and individual staff discipline in the matter of safety .
similarly , fontgalland ( 1984 : 131 ) [remains/keeps] that the ‘ parameters influencing the internal organisation of a railway are continuity of operations ; co-ordination of this with the management of an infrastructure used concurrently to supply two totally independent markets , passengers and goods ; the large number and geographical dispersion of installations ; and individual staff discipline in the matter of safety .

Since the rate of profit is the percentage return on capital employed , a constant profit share maintains a constant profit rate only if the ratio of output to capital remains constant .
since the rate of profit is the percentage return on capital employed , a constant profit share [remains/keeps] a constant profit rate only if the ratio of output to capital remains constant .

Couples who deliberately remain childless face mental and emotional problems , ’ maintains social psychologist Dr Frederick Koenig .
couples who deliberately remain childless face mental and emotional problems , ’ [remains/keeps] social psychologist dr frederick koenig .

Despite more rain over the weekend , clerk of the course Nicholas Beaumont maintains the going is still good .
despite more rain over the weekend , clerk of the course nicholas beaumont [remains/keeps] the going is still good .

Like most of the colleges , it still maintains an air of tradition and history .
like most of the colleges , it still [remains/keeps] an air of tradition and history .

The service also maintains that nothing can beat it for warmth , dependability and value for money .
the service also [remains/keeps] that nothing can beat it for warmth , dependability and value for money .

At least that 's the view of Harry Mulholland of Carpetworld , who maintains that housewives should put their faith in the traditional wool Axminster carpets , for sheer quality and durability .
at least that 's the view of harry mulholland of carpetworld , who [remains/keeps] that housewives should put their faith in the traditional wool axminster carpets , for sheer quality and durability .

The company maintains one of the largest British merchant fleets and leads the world 's maritime industry with health and safety standards to protect environment and crew alike .
the company [remains/keeps] one of the largest british merchant fleets and leads the world 's maritime industry with health and safety standards to protect environment and crew alike .

Sainsbury maintains tight control of costs and benefits from its large investment programme were behind its success with capital expenditure expected to reach £800m by the end of the year .
sainsbury [remains/keeps] tight control of costs and benefits from its large investment programme were behind its success with capital expenditure expected to reach £800m by the end of the year .

Nomura maintains from this level there is more upside potential in Tesco for investors .
nomura [remains/keeps] from this level there is more upside potential in tesco for investors .

The Royal British Legion maintains that local councils decide whose names go on the cenotaph .
the royal british legion [remains/keeps] that local councils decide whose names go on the cenotaph .

Other accounts include the few private accounts the Bank still maintains for historical reasons , the accounts of overseas central banks and the accounts of its own staff .
other accounts include the few private accounts the bank still [remains/keeps] for historical reasons , the accounts of overseas central banks and the accounts of its own staff .

This approach maintains the respect the salesperson shows to the buyer .
this approach [remains/keeps] the respect the salesperson shows to the buyer .

Through an amplifier , the New York maintains its acoustic brightness and bluntly refuses to be anything other than a blank canvas .
through an amplifier , the new york [remains/keeps] its acoustic brightness and bluntly refuses to be anything other than a blank canvas .

the notion that living matter itself both defines and maintains the conditions necessary for survival , and that the chief physical features of the Earth are biologically controlled .
the notion that living matter itself both defines and [remains/keeps] the conditions necessary for survival , and that the chief physical features of the earth are biologically controlled .

The stone referred to here is clearly a symbol of God rather than an embodiment of God , but at the same time it has an element of sacredness , which is what Gandhi may be implying when he maintains that God resides in the stone in a special way .
the stone referred to here is clearly a symbol of god rather than an embodiment of god , but at the same time it has an element of sacredness , which is what gandhi may be implying when he [remains/keeps] that god resides in the stone in a special way .

This is the kind of action , he maintains , that results from devotion to Truth , but it is also the means whereby one is enabled to see Truth more clearly .
this is the kind of action , he [remains/keeps] , that results from devotion to truth , but it is also the means whereby one is enabled to see truth more clearly .

He maintains that : ‘ If you would swim on the bosom of the ocean of Truth you must reduce yourself to a zero ’ .
he [remains/keeps] that : ‘ if you would swim on the bosom of the ocean of truth you must reduce yourself to a zero ’ .

So when he maintains that because we are , Truth or God is , or that God is the sum total of life , it could be argued that he is not presenting us with some kind of cosmological argument for the existence of God and that it is not his purpose to argue from the world to God .
so when he [remains/keeps] that because we are , truth or god is , or that god is the sum total of life , it could be argued that he is not presenting us with some kind of cosmological argument for the existence of god and that it is not his purpose to argue from the world to god .

When Gandhi maintains that by means of prayer he invokes the divinity within himself it is evident that he draws no hard-and-fast distinction between the Self or Ātman within and God or Truth .
when gandhi [remains/keeps] that by means of prayer he invokes the divinity within himself it is evident that he draws no hard-and-fast distinction between the self or ātman within and god or truth .

He echoes the teaching of the Hind to reformer Vivekānanda when he maintains that there are as many religions as there are individuals , and that even within particular , historical religions there will be different viewpoints manifesting different facets of the truth .
he echoes the teaching of the hind to reformer vivekānanda when he [remains/keeps] that there are as many religions as there are individuals , and that even within particular , historical religions there will be different viewpoints manifesting different facets of the truth .

On the contrary , he maintains that such a study might well lead to the extension of one 's regard for one 's own religion to other religions , and at the same time , provide a better understanding of one 's own faith .
on the contrary , he [remains/keeps] that such a study might well lead to the extension of one 's regard for one 's own religion to other religions , and at the same time , provide a better understanding of one 's own faith .

He tended to regard the conversion of his son Harilal to Islam as something that was prompted by monetary considerations , and in the case of such converts , he maintains that they should be readmitted to Hinduism without hesitation if they so desired and truly repented of their erroneous actions .
he tended to regard the conversion of his son harilal to islam as something that was prompted by monetary considerations , and in the case of such converts , he [remains/keeps] that they should be readmitted to hinduism without hesitation if they so desired and truly repented of their erroneous actions .

That is , the depth of particular religions not only contains a clue to the meaning of ultimate reality , as Tillich maintains , but is the only means open to man to understand what is meant by ultimate reality , for the concept itself acquires its meaning from its use in a particular mode of discourse .
that is , the depth of particular religions not only contains a clue to the meaning of ultimate reality , as tillich [remains/keeps] , but is the only means open to man to understand what is meant by ultimate reality , for the concept itself acquires its meaning from its use in a particular mode of discourse .

Similar views concerning conversion are expressed by Simone Weil who maintains that much missionary activity is both mistaken and dangerous .
similar views concerning conversion are expressed by simone weil who [remains/keeps] that much missionary activity is both mistaken and dangerous .

As we have seen , he maintains that there is an inextricable relation between ahi sā and Truth .
as we have seen , he [remains/keeps] that there is an inextricable relation between ahi sā and truth .

He maintains what he claims is the Advaita or non-Dualist position when he says that the Self within man is at one with the essence of reality , which is Truth or God .
he [remains/keeps] what he claims is the advaita or non-dualist position when he says that the self within man is at one with the essence of reality , which is truth or god .

He acknowledges his indebtedness to Tolstoy and maintains that at the time of reading the book he was passing through a period of doubt and scepticism .
he acknowledges his indebtedness to tolstoy and [remains/keeps] that at the time of reading the book he was passing through a period of doubt and scepticism .

That is , he maintains that while they are soldiers it is their duty to fight , but should they choose the way of non-violence then it would be their duty to refuse to fight .
that is , he [remains/keeps] that while they are soldiers it is their duty to fight , but should they choose the way of non-violence then it would be their duty to refuse to fight .

Yet even when a person maintains the principle of non-violence , as Gandhi does , it is absolute only in the sense that it informs the spirit and circumstances in which acts of violence are done , and not in the sense that it constitutes a rule which permits no exceptions .
yet even when a person [remains/keeps] the principle of non-violence , as gandhi does , it is absolute only in the sense that it informs the spirit and circumstances in which acts of violence are done , and not in the sense that it constitutes a rule which permits no exceptions .

He still maintains that non-violence is the nobler way , and that the prevention of the brutalization of human nature is preferable even to the prevention of his own suffering or the suffering of his own people .
he still [remains/keeps] that non-violence is the nobler way , and that the prevention of the brutalization of human nature is preferable even to the prevention of his own suffering or the suffering of his own people .

He maintains that the main principles of these religions are symbolized by the terms Kingdom of God in Christianity and Nirvā a in Buddhism .
he [remains/keeps] that the main principles of these religions are symbolized by the terms kingdom of god in christianity and nirvā a in buddhism .

The principle of identity in Hinduism , Tillich maintains , finds expression in the prohibition of the killing of animals , which he relates also to the belief that in order to fulfil his karma a man may find himself reincarnated in animal form .
the principle of identity in hinduism , tillich [remains/keeps] , finds expression in the prohibition of the killing of animals , which he relates also to the belief that in order to fulfil his karma a man may find himself reincarnated in animal form .

He maintains that man 's sense of alienation from his fellow men is an expression of his alienation from himself .
he [remains/keeps] that man 's sense of alienation from his fellow men is an expression of his alienation from himself .

Meanwhile Dustin was concentrating on Jimmy Shine , a whimsical episodic comedy about the reveries of an unsuccessful 30-year-old Greenwich Village artist who maintains his essentially sunny disposition despite life 's vicissitudes .
meanwhile dustin was concentrating on jimmy shine , a whimsical episodic comedy about the reveries of an unsuccessful 30-year-old greenwich village artist who [remains/keeps] his essentially sunny disposition despite life 's vicissitudes .

These are just two of the many examples which could be quoted of the controlling and interacting forces at work in nature and of the subtle interlinking with occurs throughout the natural world and which maintains the state of order on this planet .
these are just two of the many examples which could be quoted of the controlling and interacting forces at work in nature and of the subtle interlinking with occurs throughout the natural world and which [remains/keeps] the state of order on this planet .

He maintains that Argentina owes a lot to South African rugby .
he [remains/keeps] that argentina owes a lot to south african rugby .

So which members of the Cabinet feel the need for his curative foot massage ? Here 's a clue : He maintains a pressure point on the big toe affects the penial . Ca n't think who 'd like that …
so which members of the cabinet feel the need for his curative foot massage ? here 's a clue : he [remains/keeps] a pressure point on the big toe affects the penial . ca n't think who 'd like that …

Bailey 's chapter ( 4.2 ) ‘ The Challenge of Economic Utility ’ , which comes from his book Challenges of Liberal Education ( 1984 ) sets out to distinguish the liberal goals of understanding from the goals , which he describes as both indoctrinatory and utilitarian , of ‘ respect for industrial and commercial activity ’ , a view based on the goal of ‘ helping children properly to appreciate how the nation earns and maintains its standard of living and properly ( esteeming ) the essential role of industry and commerce in this process ’ .
bailey 's chapter ( 4.2 ) ‘ the challenge of economic utility ’ , which comes from his book challenges of liberal education ( 1984 ) sets out to distinguish the liberal goals of understanding from the goals , which he describes as both indoctrinatory and utilitarian , of ‘ respect for industrial and commercial activity ’ , a view based on the goal of ‘ helping children properly to appreciate how the nation earns and [remains/keeps] its standard of living and properly ( esteeming ) the essential role of industry and commerce in this process ’ .

Each province and each city state has its own separate army which it recruits , trains , and maintains .
each province and each city state has its own separate army which it recruits , trains , and [remains/keeps] .

Under the scheme , International Software purchases software for a particular company , negotiates and manages licence agreements with software vendors , then maintains , distributes , and installs the programs as required .
under the scheme , international software purchases software for a particular company , negotiates and manages licence agreements with software vendors , then [remains/keeps] , distributes , and installs the programs as required .

Weak demand for Amdahl 's mainframe product and severe price erosion in the mainframe computer industry should continue due to the impact of desktop computing , it said , adding on the upside that Amdahl maintains a strong balance sheet despite recent operating losses and also benefits from Fujitsu Ltd 's 46 % ownership stake in the company .
weak demand for amdahl 's mainframe product and severe price erosion in the mainframe computer industry should continue due to the impact of desktop computing , it said , adding on the upside that amdahl [remains/keeps] a strong balance sheet despite recent operating losses and also benefits from fujitsu ltd 's 46 % ownership stake in the company .

The Department maintains broad collaborations with the Centre for Cognitive Science , the Human Communication Research Centre and the Centre for Speech Technology Research and can offer PhD supervision in many research areas , both purely linguistic and interdisciplinary .
the department [remains/keeps] broad collaborations with the centre for cognitive science , the human communication research centre and the centre for speech technology research and can offer phd supervision in many research areas , both purely linguistic and interdisciplinary .

Meanwhile , Mansped — which maintains and repairs lorry trailers at Dovercourt Transit Camp — is being forced to axe ten mechanics .
meanwhile , mansped — which [remains/keeps] and repairs lorry trailers at dovercourt transit camp — is being forced to axe ten mechanics .

‘ On the Doctors letting him Blood ’ maintains that the treatment is useless unless his doctor will use his lance ‘ to prick my poetick Vein ’ , yet he is incensed ‘ On the Doctors telling him , that ‘ till he left off making Verses , he was not fit to be discharg 'd ’ .
‘ on the doctors letting him blood ’ [remains/keeps] that the treatment is useless unless his doctor will use his lance ‘ to prick my poetick vein ’ , yet he is incensed ‘ on the doctors telling him , that ‘ till he left off making verses , he was not fit to be discharg 'd ’ .

The applied hydrogeologist coordinates the national drilling programme for rural and urban water supplies , advises government on groundwater , surface-water , pollution and waste-disposal issues , and maintains the national hydrogeological database .
the applied hydrogeologist coordinates the national drilling programme for rural and urban water supplies , advises government on groundwater , surface-water , pollution and waste-disposal issues , and [remains/keeps] the national hydrogeological database .

Mr Reid maintains he was refused the right to call witnesses on his behalf while Mrs Gerrie said she could not remember a request being made at the original hearing .
mr reid [remains/keeps] he was refused the right to call witnesses on his behalf while mrs gerrie said she could not remember a request being made at the original hearing .

The stylishly colour co-ordinated hotplate offers the best in gas technology , with three standard and one semi-rapide burners , each igniting instantly at the touch of a button and each with a simmer-stop position , which maintains a steady flame at a low setting .
the stylishly colour co-ordinated hotplate offers the best in gas technology , with three standard and one semi-rapide burners , each igniting instantly at the touch of a button and each with a simmer-stop position , which [remains/keeps] a steady flame at a low setting .

This further develops and maintains the lining of the womb for a possible pregnancy .
this further develops and [remains/keeps] the lining of the womb for a possible pregnancy .

Kevin Kline still maintains his reputation for being one of Hollywood 's most versatile and most elusive of actors .
kevin kline still [remains/keeps] his reputation for being one of hollywood 's most versatile and most elusive of actors .

Unfortunately , a lot of contemporary architects have been influenced by the Gropius school of thought which maintains that architects should allow a building to be what it wants to be , rather than imposing any character or theme upon it .
unfortunately , a lot of contemporary architects have been influenced by the gropius school of thought which [remains/keeps] that architects should allow a building to be what it wants to be , rather than imposing any character or theme upon it .

The association maintains that a full family history has proved over and over again to be of vital importance .
the association [remains/keeps] that a full family history has proved over and over again to be of vital importance .

Gatwick JobCentre , which maintains a Professional Pilots Register created when Air Europe collapsed , says it still has 450 unemployed airline pilots on its books .
gatwick jobcentre , which [remains/keeps] a professional pilots register created when air europe collapsed , says it still has 450 unemployed airline pilots on its books .

As in any jet , thrust controls speed and elevator maintains glide angle on a continuous curving base leg to a four-mile final at a thousand feet or a little below .
as in any jet , thrust controls speed and elevator [remains/keeps] glide angle on a continuous curving base leg to a four-mile final at a thousand feet or a little below .

It still maintains the main architectural design of the original , although there have been some alterations — for example , cutting off part of the north bulwark and the covering of the Manueline towers .
it still [remains/keeps] the main architectural design of the original , although there have been some alterations — for example , cutting off part of the north bulwark and the covering of the manueline towers .

The Rebbe has told Israeli followers to vote against left-wing parties that would cede land to the Palestinians — an action he maintains would be militarily disastrous .
the rebbe has told israeli followers to vote against left-wing parties that would cede land to the palestinians — an action he [remains/keeps] would be militarily disastrous .

This maintains the important illusion that one has stepped into a warm stream in a lush tropical forest .
this [remains/keeps] the important illusion that one has stepped into a warm stream in a lush tropical forest .

So , although the arbitration procedure is separate , it is under the ultimate supervision of the court to make sure that the system maintains high standards of adjudication .
so , although the arbitration procedure is separate , it is under the ultimate supervision of the court to make sure that the system [remains/keeps] high standards of adjudication .

Davenport maintains that the small size and geographical spread of the company 's hotels makes centralized purchasing uneconomic , and that the same argument applies to the personnel function .
davenport [remains/keeps] that the small size and geographical spread of the company 's hotels makes centralized purchasing uneconomic , and that the same argument applies to the personnel function .

Agnes Miller maintains very full and accurate records of materials received and issued , together with comprehensive housekeeping staffing schedules .
agnes miller [remains/keeps] very full and accurate records of materials received and issued , together with comprehensive housekeeping staffing schedules .

He maintains a master wine list and a beverage control book ( this records opening stocks , purchases/ returns and issues to bar/restaurant , the latter cross-checked against Corrigan 's daily bar consumption summary sheets and/or waiters ' checks ) .
he [remains/keeps] a master wine list and a beverage control book ( this records opening stocks , purchases/ returns and issues to bar/restaurant , the latter cross-checked against corrigan 's daily bar consumption summary sheets and/or waiters ' checks ) .

Students provide their own linen , but the Hall presumably maintains a stock of blankets , etc .
students provide their own linen , but the hall presumably [remains/keeps] a stock of blankets , etc .

Language , however , should take the form of dialogue : whereas the universality of reason means that it must necessarily renounce all singularity , and whereas language 's function in conceptualizing thought is to suppress the other and bring it within the aegis of the same , in dialogue language maintains the distance between the two ; ‘ their commerce ’ , as Levinas puts it , ‘ is ethical ’ .
language , however , should take the form of dialogue : whereas the universality of reason means that it must necessarily renounce all singularity , and whereas language 's function in conceptualizing thought is to suppress the other and bring it within the aegis of the same , in dialogue language [remains/keeps] the distance between the two ; ‘ their commerce ’ , as levinas puts it , ‘ is ethical ’ .

Dialogue , face to face conversation , maintains a non-symmetrical relation , a separation through speech . In so doing it breaches any totality , including History :
dialogue , face to face conversation , [remains/keeps] a non-symmetrical relation , a separation through speech . in so doing it breaches any totality , including history :

The absolutely other , whose alterity is overcome in the philosophy of immanence on the allegedly common plane of history , maintains his transcendence in the midst of history .
the absolutely other , whose alterity is overcome in the philosophy of immanence on the allegedly common plane of history , [remains/keeps] his transcendence in the midst of history .

Against this Althusser maintains that time , even chronological time , is not just an empirical entity , but a concept ; that though history may be articulated in general with chronological time , each history has its own temporality , which can only be found by establishing the conceptual nexus of the history in question .
against this althusser [remains/keeps] that time , even chronological time , is not just an empirical entity , but a concept ; that though history may be articulated in general with chronological time , each history has its own temporality , which can only be found by establishing the conceptual nexus of the history in question .

As early as the 1966 essay ‘ Structure , Sign , and Play ’ , for example , he maintains that his analysis of the paradoxical metaphysics of ‘ the centre ’ is equally applicable to the historical notions of ‘ origin ' and ‘ end ’ .
as early as the 1966 essay ‘ structure , sign , and play ’ , for example , he [remains/keeps] that his analysis of the paradoxical metaphysics of ‘ the centre ’ is equally applicable to the historical notions of ‘ origin ' and ‘ end ’ .

Despite these serious hiccups , Sun maintains the continued scalability of Sparc and claims that simulations prove the viability of the UltraSparc .
despite these serious hiccups , sun [remains/keeps] the continued scalability of sparc and claims that simulations prove the viability of the ultrasparc .

As in these sciences , the concept is always shadowed by what it excludes : a fragmentary , irrational object , which maintains a ubiquitous , unsettling , but secondary presence .
as in these sciences , the concept is always shadowed by what it excludes : a fragmentary , irrational object , which [remains/keeps] a ubiquitous , unsettling , but secondary presence .

It also maintains the powerful traditional link between ideas of parenting , and ideas of biological motherhood .
it also [remains/keeps] the powerful traditional link between ideas of parenting , and ideas of biological motherhood .

He maintains that group members will soon accept the non-criminal character of this new member of their group , and they will behave as they do when he is not among them ( Polsky 1967 ) .
he [remains/keeps] that group members will soon accept the non-criminal character of this new member of their group , and they will behave as they do when he is not among them ( polsky 1967 ) .

One prominent analysis of this maintains that the interaction between political institutions broadly defined and media institutions is one of ‘ dependence and adaptation ’ .
one prominent analysis of this [remains/keeps] that the interaction between political institutions broadly defined and media institutions is one of ‘ dependence and adaptation ’ .

Whilst they are of the belief that regulation encourages diversity and underwrites artistic freedom , Brittan maintains that regulation is no different from censorship .
whilst they are of the belief that regulation encourages diversity and underwrites artistic freedom , brittan [remains/keeps] that regulation is no different from censorship .

Hobson Brown , in Russell Reynolds ' New York office , maintains that his firm , more effectively than the other headhunters , has attracted the first real career-search consultants , graduates from business schools who have deliberately chosen to make a career in executive search ; it was always the goal of Reynolds himself to build up a business as prestigious and high-powered as Morgan Guaranty , in which an ambitious graduate would seek to work right through to retirement .
hobson brown , in russell reynolds ' new york office , [remains/keeps] that his firm , more effectively than the other headhunters , has attracted the first real career-search consultants , graduates from business schools who have deliberately chosen to make a career in executive search ; it was always the goal of reynolds himself to build up a business as prestigious and high-powered as morgan guaranty , in which an ambitious graduate would seek to work right through to retirement .

Stork maintains that researchers should be strictly focused on research , working on one assignment at a time , with little movement of staff between researcher and consultant , believing that distinctly different skills are involved .
stork [remains/keeps] that researchers should be strictly focused on research , working on one assignment at a time , with little movement of staff between researcher and consultant , believing that distinctly different skills are involved .

The collegiate nature of the solicitors ' occupational group en-courages and maintains a feeling of identity , colleague loyalty and shared values .
the collegiate nature of the solicitors ' occupational group en-courages and [remains/keeps] a feeling of identity , colleague loyalty and shared values .

Consequence : The odd success as the more sensible reforms of the 1970s take root , but nothing sufficient to arrest the gradual listing of the economy ; continued demoralisation of the workforce , but little threat to stability as élite maintains its cohesion against society ; however , minority factions in élite becoming more forceful in demanding strategy versus drift .
consequence : the odd success as the more sensible reforms of the 1970s take root , but nothing sufficient to arrest the gradual listing of the economy ; continued demoralisation of the workforce , but little threat to stability as élite [remains/keeps] its cohesion against society ; however , minority factions in élite becoming more forceful in demanding strategy versus drift .

However , Poulantzas argues that , in smoothing over the structural contradictions of society and rendering it coherent , the state simultaneously maintains existing classes .
however , poulantzas argues that , in smoothing over the structural contradictions of society and rendering it coherent , the state simultaneously [remains/keeps] existing classes .

In ‘ constituting the factor of cohesion between the levels of a social formation , , it maintains in the ensemble of structures , that place and role which have the effect ( in their unity ) of dividing a formation into classes and producing political class domination ’ .
in ‘ constituting the factor of cohesion between the levels of a social formation , , it [remains/keeps] in the ensemble of structures , that place and role which have the effect ( in their unity ) of dividing a formation into classes and producing political class domination ’ .

It maintains and holds its loft extremely well .
it [remains/keeps] and holds its loft extremely well .

This is cheaper than pure goose down but like all down bags maintains superb loft capacity .
this is cheaper than pure goose down but like all down bags [remains/keeps] superb loft capacity .

Lamaur 's pHlexhair Nucleo Moisturizer maintains perfect moisture balance — from salons only .
lamaur 's phlexhair nucleo moisturizer [remains/keeps] perfect moisture balance — from salons only .

Whatever the inner pressures within us to hold on to a prejudicial attitude , when a Christian maintains a prejudice and fails to aim for its resolution , the problem may well be a conflict with God 's truth , of actually resisting God 's will .
whatever the inner pressures within us to hold on to a prejudicial attitude , when a christian [remains/keeps] a prejudice and fails to aim for its resolution , the problem may well be a conflict with god 's truth , of actually resisting god 's will .

Temper tantrums are the end result and represent the classic example of perpetuation of immaturity by a failure to stop the ‘ reward ’ of attention that maintains such behaviour .
temper tantrums are the end result and represent the classic example of perpetuation of immaturity by a failure to stop the ‘ reward ’ of attention that [remains/keeps] such behaviour .

This maintains running protection so that , in the event of a fall , no more than a pendulum can occur .
this [remains/keeps] running protection so that , in the event of a fall , no more than a pendulum can occur .

Gel maintains its strong hold on styling as one of the essential hair products for men .
gel [remains/keeps] its strong hold on styling as one of the essential hair products for men .

While Parsons maintains a special epistemological prerogative for science , his interest is in the operation of Values ' in the field of knowledge .
while parsons [remains/keeps] a special epistemological prerogative for science , his interest is in the operation of values ' in the field of knowledge .

This maintains the correct patterning sequence .
this [remains/keeps] the correct patterning sequence .

However , Hannon maintains that any stiffness would have had no connection with the broken leg which led to Mr Brooks ' death .
however , hannon [remains/keeps] that any stiffness would have had no connection with the broken leg which led to mr brooks ' death .

Taylor maintains he has mapped out alternative plans should he be forced to go into a game without Gascoigne .
taylor [remains/keeps] he has mapped out alternative plans should he be forced to go into a game without gascoigne .

But the teenager , whose identity has not been revealed by the Welsh Rugby Union , maintains the clash was an accident .
but the teenager , whose identity has not been revealed by the welsh rugby union , [remains/keeps] the clash was an accident .

The island has survived Viking , Scottish and British occupations but maintains an endearing independence .
the island has survived viking , scottish and british occupations but [remains/keeps] an endearing independence .

From within these emotional origins , counselling maintains that all human behaviour is modifiable , and that this modification can come principally through an increased level of self-awareness . This confidence reflects the essentially optimistic nature of the counselling process , perhaps best expressed through Rogers ' ( 1951b ) concept of the ‘ actualizing ’ or ‘ formative ’ tendency , which he described as :
from within these emotional origins , counselling [remains/keeps] that all human behaviour is modifiable , and that this modification can come principally through an increased level of self-awareness . this confidence reflects the essentially optimistic nature of the counselling process , perhaps best expressed through rogers ' ( 1951b ) concept of the ‘ actualizing ’ or ‘ formative ’ tendency , which he described as :

He maintains that , ‘ So soon after the death of a relative in hospital the next of kin are in the early stages of severe grieving , and often do not understand what is being asked of them .
he [remains/keeps] that , ‘ so soon after the death of a relative in hospital the next of kin are in the early stages of severe grieving , and often do not understand what is being asked of them .

More advanced still is ‘ traffic jam ’ mode which maintains a safe speed and distance in stop-and-go traffic .
more advanced still is ‘ traffic jam ’ mode which [remains/keeps] a safe speed and distance in stop-and-go traffic .

As an artist she maintains that her canvas is her own body , her studio is an operating theatre and her brush a scalpel .
as an artist she [remains/keeps] that her canvas is her own body , her studio is an operating theatre and her brush a scalpel .

The European indoor champion is still deciding whether to lodge an appeal but maintains the stance of innocence he has taken since being sent home in disgrace from Barcelona on the eve of the Olympic Games .
the european indoor champion is still deciding whether to lodge an appeal but [remains/keeps] the stance of innocence he has taken since being sent home in disgrace from barcelona on the eve of the olympic games .

Gatting also maintains that he respects the views of people like Derek Pringle , who have strongly criticised the decision to allow the rebels back early .
gatting also [remains/keeps] that he respects the views of people like derek pringle , who have strongly criticised the decision to allow the rebels back early .

Taylor , whose relationship with Lineker hit a low when he substituted England 's top scorer in the final European Championship game with Sweden , maintains he did not harbour a grudge against the former Footballer of the Year .
taylor , whose relationship with lineker hit a low when he substituted england 's top scorer in the final european championship game with sweden , [remains/keeps] he did not harbour a grudge against the former footballer of the year .

If he maintains his present form he will get caps .
if he [remains/keeps] his present form he will get caps .

The Registrar has acknowledged receipt of the accounts on 31 July 1992 , but maintains that the due date for filing was 30 July 1992 , which he regards as 10 months from the accounting reference date .
the registrar has acknowledged receipt of the accounts on 31 july 1992 , but [remains/keeps] that the due date for filing was 30 july 1992 , which he regards as 10 months from the accounting reference date .

Although each of its trading locations around the world maintains its own accounts records , these records can be consolidated in next to no time to obtain an accountant's-eye view of Sumitomo 's overall position , because physically they are all stored on a single computer .
although each of its trading locations around the world [remains/keeps] its own accounts records , these records can be consolidated in next to no time to obtain an accountant's-eye view of sumitomo 's overall position , because physically they are all stored on a single computer .

Our client has been making regular visits to the property , usually at weekends , during which he maintains it as well as performing a security function .
our client has been making regular visits to the property , usually at weekends , during which he [remains/keeps] it as well as performing a security function .

Buyers are given assembly instructions and a video to help them in the building of their car , and Mr Nearn maintains that the kits are not difficult to put together .
buyers are given assembly instructions and a video to help them in the building of their car , and mr nearn [remains/keeps] that the kits are not difficult to put together .

The behaviour of living systems is a consequence of the pattern and organisation provided by the L-Field , Burr maintains , and that abnormalities in the L-Field can give advance warning of future symptoms before they are evident .
the behaviour of living systems is a consequence of the pattern and organisation provided by the l-field , burr [remains/keeps] , and that abnormalities in the l-field can give advance warning of future symptoms before they are evident .

Burr maintains that L-Fields , by their very nature , must be influenced by the all-powerful field of the Cosmos and must therefore be an integral part of its overall design .
burr [remains/keeps] that l-fields , by their very nature , must be influenced by the all-powerful field of the cosmos and must therefore be an integral part of its overall design .

He maintains that their image as a bunch of violent thugs is a misleading byproduct of a sustained media campaign .
he [remains/keeps] that their image as a bunch of violent thugs is a misleading byproduct of a sustained media campaign .

Mario also maintains the drainage system behind the two toilets in the statue itself , plus the one at its foot , that cater for about 1.8 million visitors every year .
mario also [remains/keeps] the drainage system behind the two toilets in the statue itself , plus the one at its foot , that cater for about 1.8 million visitors every year .

And others have huge amounts of artificial snow facilities such as Selva in Italy or immaculate piste grooming that maintains the snow in good condition such as Meribel and Courchevel in France .
and others have huge amounts of artificial snow facilities such as selva in italy or immaculate piste grooming that [remains/keeps] the snow in good condition such as meribel and courchevel in france .

With the additional staff available , Clinton maintains that transfer pricing abuse can be remedied , and the additional revenue raised , without any change in the existing law but through a better and enhanced mechanism for the enforcement of the internationally accepted arm's-length standard for transfer pricing .
with the additional staff available , clinton [remains/keeps] that transfer pricing abuse can be remedied , and the additional revenue raised , without any change in the existing law but through a better and enhanced mechanism for the enforcement of the internationally accepted arm's-length standard for transfer pricing .

It maintains that the amount has already been accounted for and that it remains financially sound .
it [remains/keeps] that the amount has already been accounted for and that it remains financially sound .

Mr Reed maintains that , even if such a late take-up did not happen often , ‘ it was common currency among merchant bankers as something that could happen ’ .
mr reed [remains/keeps] that , even if such a late take-up did not happen often , ‘ it was common currency among merchant bankers as something that could happen ’ .

Experimental and theoretical studies of convecting suspensions heated from below show , however , that settling can occur at the base of a suspension even if the convection maintains a uniform concentration .
experimental and theoretical studies of convecting suspensions heated from below show , however , that settling can occur at the base of a suspension even if the convection [remains/keeps] a uniform concentration .

But as Medawar first pointed out , the natural selection that maintains survival and fertility becomes weaker through the life history .
but as medawar first pointed out , the natural selection that [remains/keeps] survival and fertility becomes weaker through the life history .

Yet , we are still ignorant of the general magnitude of the selection that produces and maintains adaptations .
yet , we are still ignorant of the general magnitude of the selection that produces and [remains/keeps] adaptations .

If such balancing selection maintains a substantial fraction of life-history variation , it will generate negative genetic correlations among life-history traits .
if such balancing selection [remains/keeps] a substantial fraction of life-history variation , it will generate negative genetic correlations among life-history traits .

She maintains that , when the president recruited her to support him against Mr Sharif , he promised to dissolve the assemblies .
she [remains/keeps] that , when the president recruited her to support him against mr sharif , he promised to dissolve the assemblies .

The home was recommended in a joint report by a specialist social worker and an independent advocate , and the council maintains this cheaper option would satisfactorily meet Hazell 's needs .
the home was recommended in a joint report by a specialist social worker and an independent advocate , and the council [remains/keeps] this cheaper option would satisfactorily meet hazell 's needs .

Winter maintains , ‘ People find it much harder to move back into child care after a period in adult care because they tend to be consumed with either the Children Act or community care legislation .
winter [remains/keeps] , ‘ people find it much harder to move back into child care after a period in adult care because they tend to be consumed with either the children act or community care legislation .

Never perfect , it at least maintains the presence of Bosnia in its existing borders , and denies the Serbs their aim of a Greater Serbia and the Croats theirs of a Greater Croatia .
never perfect , it at least [remains/keeps] the presence of bosnia in its existing borders , and denies the serbs their aim of a greater serbia and the croats theirs of a greater croatia .

The Kunsthalle model , he maintains , fills a need that the ‘ alternative ’ contemporary art spaces have n't met .
the kunsthalle model , he [remains/keeps] , fills a need that the ‘ alternative ’ contemporary art spaces have n't met .

Tuff Gong maintains Bob 's fastidious attitude towards ‘ slackness ’ , the graphically rude lyrics of raggamuffin .
tuff gong [remains/keeps] bob 's fastidious attitude towards ‘ slackness ’ , the graphically rude lyrics of raggamuffin .

Chris Phillipson , for example , recognizing the precedents to be found in earlier centuries , and acknowledging the ‘ historical consistency ’ of attitudes to older people as a reserve army of labour , maintains , nevertheless , that ‘ what is peculiar to our period is the scale of marginalization and the increase in the number of people directly involved ’ .
chris phillipson , for example , recognizing the precedents to be found in earlier centuries , and acknowledging the ‘ historical consistency ’ of attitudes to older people as a reserve army of labour , [remains/keeps] , nevertheless , that ‘ what is peculiar to our period is the scale of marginalization and the increase in the number of people directly involved ’ .

What he does have , though , is a fearsome grip on the band which looks to me like a dictatorship and which he maintains is just the way things have worked out .
what he does have , though , is a fearsome grip on the band which looks to me like a dictatorship and which he [remains/keeps] is just the way things have worked out .

The Secretary of State , Mr Brooke , maintains that this was approved by the museums .
the secretary of state , mr brooke , [remains/keeps] that this was approved by the museums .

Mr Marzio also maintains that the tax law affects more than the stream of gifts to museums .
mr marzio also [remains/keeps] that the tax law affects more than the stream of gifts to museums .

Fondation Maeght Although no special exhibition is planned , the Foundation maintains a delightful sculpture garden filled by a dozen works by Miró and regularly shows eight paintings from its permanent collection .
fondation maeght although no special exhibition is planned , the foundation [remains/keeps] a delightful sculpture garden filled by a dozen works by miró and regularly shows eight paintings from its permanent collection .

The saga began in 1985 when a report by the Property Services Agency ( which maintains Crown property ) highlighted the serious corrosion of the spire .
the saga began in 1985 when a report by the property services agency ( which [remains/keeps] crown property ) highlighted the serious corrosion of the spire .

Connections maintains the lively , humorous style of Departures and also includes some more informative and serious topics .
connections [remains/keeps] the lively , humorous style of departures and also includes some more informative and serious topics .

Teenage students at intermediate level can easily become bored and frustrated . Streetwise maintains vital interest through :
teenage students at intermediate level can easily become bored and frustrated . streetwise [remains/keeps] vital interest through :

There are , nevertheless , many features of foreign language learning which will be familiar to those who are learning sign language . In introducing the principles of language learning , Brown maintains :
there are , nevertheless , many features of foreign language learning which will be familiar to those who are learning sign language . in introducing the principles of language learning , brown [remains/keeps] :

Bearing these two variables in mind , the argument for age effects becomes less clear and Krashen ( 1981 ) maintains that age itself may not be an effective predictor of attainment or even rate of attainment .
bearing these two variables in mind , the argument for age effects becomes less clear and krashen ( 1981 ) [remains/keeps] that age itself may not be an effective predictor of attainment or even rate of attainment .

An earlier view of second language knowledge was that only children could acquire while adults learned , but Krashen maintains that adults do not lose their language acquisition device and make considerable use of natural learning of the second language .
an earlier view of second language knowledge was that only children could acquire while adults learned , but krashen [remains/keeps] that adults do not lose their language acquisition device and make considerable use of natural learning of the second language .

Krashen maintains that in practice it is difficult to encourage monitor use , but that it has the advantage of being able to draw consciously on language competence to produce utterances at levels which have not yet been acquired .
krashen [remains/keeps] that in practice it is difficult to encourage monitor use , but that it has the advantage of being able to draw consciously on language competence to produce utterances at levels which have not yet been acquired .

Curran ( 1980 ) maintains that experimenters in the West have an implicit ethnography which allows them to share processes and experiences with their subjects .
curran ( 1980 ) [remains/keeps] that experimenters in the west have an implicit ethnography which allows them to share processes and experiences with their subjects .

Chafe ( 1977 ) maintains that the categorisation arises as a result of the experience itself , the needs of the discourse , and especially the centrality of the word to be used as indicative of the category .
chafe ( 1977 ) [remains/keeps] that the categorisation arises as a result of the experience itself , the needs of the discourse , and especially the centrality of the word to be used as indicative of the category .

He maintains that because of the highly complex activity , interpreters should be highly educated and already fluent .
he [remains/keeps] that because of the highly complex activity , interpreters should be highly educated and already fluent .

In terms of strategy , Ewoldt ( 1980 ) maintains that deaf children do use psycholinguistic strategies for reading , indicating a sensitivity to the rules of English .
in terms of strategy , ewoldt ( 1980 ) [remains/keeps] that deaf children do use psycholinguistic strategies for reading , indicating a sensitivity to the rules of english .

The organisation , like a living organism , maintains a dynamic equilibrium with the environment .
the organisation , like a living organism , [remains/keeps] a dynamic equilibrium with the environment .

The primacy of the power relationship has been stressed by Korpi ( 1981 , p. 190 ) , who maintains that
the primacy of the power relationship has been stressed by korpi ( 1981 , p. 190 ) , who [remains/keeps] that

Their thesis maintains that as technology — seen as the driving-force of change — and industrialisation become more uniformly applied the countries involved will tend , over an extended period , to develop more similar industrial features , including their industrial relations arrangements , practices and ‘ web of rules ’ .
their thesis [remains/keeps] that as technology — seen as the driving-force of change — and industrialisation become more uniformly applied the countries involved will tend , over an extended period , to develop more similar industrial features , including their industrial relations arrangements , practices and ‘ web of rules ’ .

Clegg ( 1976 ) maintains that power within unions is concentrated at the level at which bargaining is typically conducted ( although this is not the only influence ) , so that ‘ industry bargaining concentrates power at the centre [ and promotes integrated , bureaucratic union government ] , whereas bargaining at lower levels disperses it to the regions or branches ’ ( p. 54 ) .
clegg ( 1976 ) [remains/keeps] that power within unions is concentrated at the level at which bargaining is typically conducted ( although this is not the only influence ) , so that ‘ industry bargaining concentrates power at the centre [ and promotes integrated , bureaucratic union government ] , whereas bargaining at lower levels disperses it to the regions or branches ’ ( p. 54 ) .

Ingham ( 1974 ) maintains that this was the case in Sweden where strong , centralised employers ' associations could develop as a consequence of the domination of a narrow and specialised export market by a small number of large-scale employers who had interests in common .
ingham ( 1974 ) [remains/keeps] that this was the case in sweden where strong , centralised employers ' associations could develop as a consequence of the domination of a narrow and specialised export market by a small number of large-scale employers who had interests in common .

Instead , Sisson maintains that the real reason is that in Britain multi-employer bargaining has increasingly been found to be incapable of performing what employers regard as its major function , namely the neutralisation of the workplace from the activities of trade unions .
instead , sisson [remains/keeps] that the real reason is that in britain multi-employer bargaining has increasingly been found to be incapable of performing what employers regard as its major function , namely the neutralisation of the workplace from the activities of trade unions .

In that country legislation also maintains an important position in the setting of norms for industrial relations and working conditions , covering many fringe benefits that could be collective bargaining issues elsewhere .
in that country legislation also [remains/keeps] an important position in the setting of norms for industrial relations and working conditions , covering many fringe benefits that could be collective bargaining issues elsewhere .

Furthermore , Clegg maintains that the pattern of strikes is closely associated with the structure of collective bargaining ( see Chapter 6 ) .
furthermore , clegg [remains/keeps] that the pattern of strikes is closely associated with the structure of collective bargaining ( see chapter 6 ) .

The London Clearing Banks ' Education Service and the Finance Houses Association , for example , both provide valuable teaching material and collaborate with teachers on money management education ; the Bank Education Service maintains contact with more than 5,000 schools and colleges .
the london clearing banks ' education service and the finance houses association , for example , both provide valuable teaching material and collaborate with teachers on money management education ; the bank education service [remains/keeps] contact with more than 5,000 schools and colleges .

Tom Smail , writing from a charismatic perspective , maintains a healthy balance .
tom smail , writing from a charismatic perspective , [remains/keeps] a healthy balance .

This evolutionary model has subsequently been replaced by a relativistic one ; this maintains that ‘ an observer should be careful to evaluate a culture first in terms of its own values , goals , and focuses before venturing to compare it ( either positively or negatively ) with any other culture ’ ( Kraft 1979:49 ) .
this evolutionary model has subsequently been replaced by a relativistic one ; this [remains/keeps] that ‘ an observer should be careful to evaluate a culture first in terms of its own values , goals , and focuses before venturing to compare it ( either positively or negatively ) with any other culture ’ ( kraft 1979:49 ) .

Johnson equates Psyche 's lamp with the female ability to shine a light on aspects of life which are in darkness to the male . He maintains that women are granted the power to illuminate , and that they can use this wisely , even though men may be reluctant to face up to what is revealed :
johnson equates psyche 's lamp with the female ability to shine a light on aspects of life which are in darkness to the male . he [remains/keeps] that women are granted the power to illuminate , and that they can use this wisely , even though men may be reluctant to face up to what is revealed :

Such vision is an unusual attribute , but one which the artist maintains has been with him since a very young age .
such vision is an unusual attribute , but one which the artist [remains/keeps] has been with him since a very young age .

Although Jacqueline 's work has appeared on fine art posters and greetings cards , she maintains an integrity to her own working style .
although jacqueline 's work has appeared on fine art posters and greetings cards , she [remains/keeps] an integrity to her own working style .

All elite theorists define the state organizationally as a compulsory institution which successfully maintains a monopoly of legitimate force within a given territory .
all elite theorists define the state organizationally as a compulsory institution which successfully [remains/keeps] a monopoly of legitimate force within a given territory .

Since the Zande distinguish benge from ‘ ordinary ’ poisons and regard it as a mystical truth-drug , Evans-Pritchard maintains that those who employ it as an oracle do not manipulate it deliberately .
since the zande distinguish benge from ‘ ordinary ’ poisons and regard it as a mystical truth-drug , evans-pritchard [remains/keeps] that those who employ it as an oracle do not manipulate it deliberately .

( 1 ) There is a tradition in Austrian and German philosophy which maintains that just as a judgement can be true or false , so can an emotional attitude be correct or incorrect .
( 1 ) there is a tradition in austrian and german philosophy which [remains/keeps] that just as a judgement can be true or false , so can an emotional attitude be correct or incorrect .

The Israeli Government maintains that Abie Nathan was prosecuted … not because of his political views or his expression of them , but as a consequence of his actions ’ .
the israeli government [remains/keeps] that abie nathan was prosecuted … not because of his political views or his expression of them , but as a consequence of his actions ’ .

The road maintains a high level above the Sound of Sleat , although views are obstructed in places by dense conifer plantations .
the road [remains/keeps] a high level above the sound of sleat , although views are obstructed in places by dense conifer plantations .

Nevertheless , the mountain goat maintains a tenuous but firm hold in its cruel environment , even though catastrophe is never far away .
nevertheless , the mountain goat [remains/keeps] a tenuous but firm hold in its cruel environment , even though catastrophe is never far away .

It is therefore essential that the chief surveyor , director , or other member of the management team maintains a watching brief to monitor the accuracy of measurement and to ensure that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve his objectives .
it is therefore essential that the chief surveyor , director , or other member of the management team [remains/keeps] a watching brief to monitor the accuracy of measurement and to ensure that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve his objectives .

If you do , you must ensure that your target version has its own method of development and maintains a sense of continuity in its own right .
if you do , you must ensure that your target version has its own method of development and [remains/keeps] a sense of continuity in its own right .

What matters at the end of the day is that the target text has some thematic organization of its own , that it reads naturally and smoothly , does not distort the information structure of the original ( see 5.1.2 above ) , and that it preserves , where possible , any special emphasis signalled by marked structures in the original and maintains a coherent point of view as a text in its own right .
what matters at the end of the day is that the target text has some thematic organization of its own , that it reads naturally and smoothly , does not distort the information structure of the original ( see 5.1.2 above ) , and that it preserves , where possible , any special emphasis signalled by marked structures in the original and [remains/keeps] a coherent point of view as a text in its own right .

In Britain , the Polish community maintains its sense of distinctiveness through a well-organized network of cultural activities ( Linguistic Minorities Project 1985 : 68–76 ) ; but many individuals of Polish origin have assimilated readily and no longer have a sense of Polish ethnicity .
in britain , the polish community [remains/keeps] its sense of distinctiveness through a well-organized network of cultural activities ( linguistic minorities project 1985 : 68–76 ) ; but many individuals of polish origin have assimilated readily and no longer have a sense of polish ethnicity .

The human capital theory maintains that increased education raises the earning capacity of the individual and that this is reflected in the higher earnings of people with higher and further education .
the human capital theory [remains/keeps] that increased education raises the earning capacity of the individual and that this is reflected in the higher earnings of people with higher and further education .

He maintains that both these changes — expansion of the non-marketed sector and contraction of the marketed sector — are symptoms
he [remains/keeps] that both these changes — expansion of the non-marketed sector and contraction of the marketed sector — are symptoms

In some cases cultivation maintains a good soil structure , while in others it may break it down , and what constitutes a ‘ good ’ soil structure may depend upon its mineral composition and upon the use to which it is put .
in some cases cultivation [remains/keeps] a good soil structure , while in others it may break it down , and what constitutes a ‘ good ’ soil structure may depend upon its mineral composition and upon the use to which it is put .

The requirement for shareholder consent , either by resolution or , formally , by their consent to the delegation of final decision-making power to the board , maintains the surface integrity of the ownership model , though certainly at least in the latter case shareholder consent is more hypothetical than real .
the requirement for shareholder consent , either by resolution or , formally , by their consent to the delegation of final decision-making power to the board , [remains/keeps] the surface integrity of the ownership model , though certainly at least in the latter case shareholder consent is more hypothetical than real .

The predictable ineffectiveness of the nationalist vote in Northern Ireland can be used to justify rejection not just of a particular government but of the whole constitutional structure which maintains the inclusion of Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom rather than in a new all-Ireland state .
the predictable ineffectiveness of the nationalist vote in northern ireland can be used to justify rejection not just of a particular government but of the whole constitutional structure which [remains/keeps] the inclusion of northern ireland in the united kingdom rather than in a new all-ireland state .

In the article referred to in the Introduction , Ralf Dahrendorf maintains that the underclass is not a revolutionary threat to political stability , and that accommodating political change will not be induced by this argument .
in the article referred to in the introduction , ralf dahrendorf [remains/keeps] that the underclass is not a revolutionary threat to political stability , and that accommodating political change will not be induced by this argument .

Nisbet maintains that these five strategies represent the range of possibilities and that they can each be located on a spectrum , the poles of which can be described as ‘ hard ’ and ‘ soft ’ .
nisbet [remains/keeps] that these five strategies represent the range of possibilities and that they can each be located on a spectrum , the poles of which can be described as ‘ hard ’ and ‘ soft ’ .

inspection is commonplace and maintains public confidence ;
inspection is commonplace and [remains/keeps] public confidence ;

This file maintains , in addition to the normal component information , a description of the spaces occupied by the individual components .
this file [remains/keeps] , in addition to the normal component information , a description of the spaces occupied by the individual components .

In a conventional non-data base system , each distinct application maintains its own files , often with considerable redundancy .
in a conventional non-data base system , each distinct application [remains/keeps] its own files , often with considerable redundancy .

Listening to lectures means silence on your part ; study is also silent ; the library maintains silence ; you say no word at an examination .
listening to lectures means silence on your part ; study is also silent ; the library [remains/keeps] silence ; you say no word at an examination .

If they bend too much , the bee responds by moving its wings less strongly and so maintains an optimum speed .
if they bend too much , the bee responds by moving its wings less strongly and so [remains/keeps] an optimum speed .

The most remarkable feature of this migration is that each stream maintains a distinct population of salmon , sometimes visibly different from those in a neighbouring steam .
the most remarkable feature of this migration is that each stream [remains/keeps] a distinct population of salmon , sometimes visibly different from those in a neighbouring steam .

One author maintains several cichlid community aquariums containing some of the most unlikely mixtures .
one author [remains/keeps] several cichlid community aquariums containing some of the most unlikely mixtures .

Tumin maintains that ‘ It is only when there is a genuinely equal access to recruitment and training for all potentially talented persons that differential rewards can conceivably be justified as functional .
tumin [remains/keeps] that ‘ it is only when there is a genuinely equal access to recruitment and training for all potentially talented persons that differential rewards can conceivably be justified as functional .

Parsons also maintains that in order to operate effectively , those in positions of authority must have more prestige than those over whom they exercise authority .
parsons also [remains/keeps] that in order to operate effectively , those in positions of authority must have more prestige than those over whom they exercise authority .

He maintains that capitalist enterprises and the modern nation state require a ‘ rational ’ bureaucratic administration which involves large numbers of administrators and clerical staff .
he [remains/keeps] that capitalist enterprises and the modern nation state require a ‘ rational ’ bureaucratic administration which involves large numbers of administrators and clerical staff .

In addition to the emergency grants to individuals and small teams , the foundation has also given $ 500,000 to the Komarov Botanical Institute in St Petersburg for the preservation of one of the world 's largest herbaria , Some $ 80,000 was awarded to a popular science magazine Chemistry and Life and $ 4,000 was given to a special high school in Moscow that maintains high standards for teaching physics and mathematics .
in addition to the emergency grants to individuals and small teams , the foundation has also given $ 500,000 to the komarov botanical institute in st petersburg for the preservation of one of the world 's largest herbaria , some $ 80,000 was awarded to a popular science magazine chemistry and life and $ 4,000 was given to a special high school in moscow that [remains/keeps] high standards for teaching physics and mathematics .

Whilst Kuhn maintains that science does progress in some sense , he is quite unambiguous in his denial that it can be said to progress towards the truth in any well-defined sense .
whilst kuhn [remains/keeps] that science does progress in some sense , he is quite unambiguous in his denial that it can be said to progress towards the truth in any well-defined sense .

The net result is that prices are often higher for houses in attractive and accessible villages , and much of the new housing built tends to be of a more expensive kind which maintains this feature .
the net result is that prices are often higher for houses in attractive and accessible villages , and much of the new housing built tends to be of a more expensive kind which [remains/keeps] this feature .

Such signals may be performed regularly because , like a human hand-shake , the cat maintains stable social relationships in this way and reduces the chances that it will be disrupted in its daily round by the other individuals with which it lives .
such signals may be performed regularly because , like a human hand-shake , the cat [remains/keeps] stable social relationships in this way and reduces the chances that it will be disrupted in its daily round by the other individuals with which it lives .

The previous chapter argued for a conception of music which maintains both the relative autonomy of its techniques and its ultimately social meaning , and which sees these as constructed within a historical dialectic .
the previous chapter argued for a conception of music which [remains/keeps] both the relative autonomy of its techniques and its ultimately social meaning , and which sees these as constructed within a historical dialectic .

The anxiety with which modern woman — the ‘ new woman ’ — was viewed in the last decade of the 19th century and the early years of the 20th century is central to an analysis of these images presented by the New Sculpture exhibition ; this is not so much the over-emphasis upon the image of the ‘ femme fatale ’ which Glaves-Smith decries in the catalogue , but those ‘ clear gender constructions ’ which he maintains are ‘ far more subtle ’ ( although it is unclear from his text just what these constructions might be ) .
the anxiety with which modern woman — the ‘ new woman ’ — was viewed in the last decade of the 19th century and the early years of the 20th century is central to an analysis of these images presented by the new sculpture exhibition ; this is not so much the over-emphasis upon the image of the ‘ femme fatale ’ which glaves-smith decries in the catalogue , but those ‘ clear gender constructions ’ which he [remains/keeps] are ‘ far more subtle ’ ( although it is unclear from his text just what these constructions might be ) .

There is , he maintains , nothing untoward about what he does .
there is , he [remains/keeps] , nothing untoward about what he does .

It 's no good , Odent maintains , trying to direct operations from the end of the bed .
it 's no good , odent [remains/keeps] , trying to direct operations from the end of the bed .

The Department of Health and Social Security is itself responsible for the delivery of social security benefits , and maintains its own regional structure and a system of local offices for this purpose .
the department of health and social security is itself responsible for the delivery of social security benefits , and [remains/keeps] its own regional structure and a system of local offices for this purpose .

Central government also maintains control over local authority borrowing .
central government also [remains/keeps] control over local authority borrowing .

But where implementation is delegated to other organizations the ‘ centre ’ generally maintains an interest in the implementation process .
but where implementation is delegated to other organizations the ‘ centre ’ generally [remains/keeps] an interest in the implementation process .

But Ward maintains even when care is shared , the forms can help those involved to divide up their duties .
but ward [remains/keeps] even when care is shared , the forms can help those involved to divide up their duties .

Complaints should be seen as part of the system that assures quality and maintains standards .
complaints should be seen as part of the system that assures quality and [remains/keeps] standards .

The focus of analysis in this book is consequently the relationship between ideology and literature . Is it the case , as Sartre maintains , that communism and the novel are incompatible ? Or , on the contrary , is it the case , as Nizan maintains , that communism and the novel are ultimately reconcilable ?
the focus of analysis in this book is consequently the relationship between ideology and literature . is it the case , as sartre [remains/keeps] , that communism and the novel are incompatible ? or , on the contrary , is it the case , as nizan [remains/keeps] , that communism and the novel are ultimately reconcilable ?

‘ Not delaying assessment and placement is important to the user and family — it maintains their confidence .
‘ not delaying assessment and placement is important to the user and family — it [remains/keeps] their confidence .

Although he maintains that every monad is distinguished from every other in virtue of the attributes it has , he nevertheless refuses to regard monads as mere agglomerations ' of attributes — or what might be more appropriately described as groups or `` bundles `` of qualities , without a `` substratum `` .
although he [remains/keeps] that every monad is distinguished from every other in virtue of the attributes it has , he nevertheless refuses to regard monads as mere agglomerations ' of attributes — or what might be more appropriately described as groups or `` bundles `` of qualities , without a `` substratum `` .

There is also a collegiality within each Inn which maintains for the members dining and library facilities and , some would argue , a retreat from the real world .
there is also a collegiality within each inn which [remains/keeps] for the members dining and library facilities and , some would argue , a retreat from the real world .

Local scepticism maintains that , even if knowledge is possible elsewhere , it is for special reasons not available in this or that selected area .
local scepticism [remains/keeps] that , even if knowledge is possible elsewhere , it is for special reasons not available in this or that selected area .

The argument clearly attacks the notion of justified belief as well as that of knowledge in that restricted area , since it maintains that we have no reason in what is observed for any beliefs about the unobserved .
the argument clearly attacks the notion of justified belief as well as that of knowledge in that restricted area , since it [remains/keeps] that we have no reason in what is observed for any beliefs about the unobserved .

It maintains that what the sceptic takes to be his strength is in fact his weakness .
it [remains/keeps] that what the sceptic takes to be his strength is in fact his weakness .

Ward Lock also maintains the For Year Round Colour series , in which two titles have recently appeared : Jane Taylor 's Climbers and Wall Plants for … ( £14.99 , 7095 3 ) , and Peter McHoy 's Containers and Baskets for … ( £14.99 , 7099 6 ) .
ward lock also [remains/keeps] the for year round colour series , in which two titles have recently appeared : jane taylor 's climbers and wall plants for … ( £14.99 , 7095 3 ) , and peter mchoy 's containers and baskets for … ( £14.99 , 7099 6 ) .

( 2 ) An institution shall not be regarded as conducting its business in a prudent manner unless it maintains or , as the case may be , will maintain net assets which , together with other financial resources available to the institution of such nature and amount as are considered appropriate by the Bank , are — ( a ) of an amount which is commensurate with the nature and scale of the institution 's operations ; and ( b ) of an amount and nature sufficient to safeguard the interests of its depositors and potential depositors , having regard to the particular factors mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3 ) below and any other factors appearing to the Bank to be relevant .
( 2 ) an institution shall not be regarded as conducting its business in a prudent manner unless it [remains/keeps] or , as the case may be , will maintain net assets which , together with other financial resources available to the institution of such nature and amount as are considered appropriate by the bank , are — ( a ) of an amount which is commensurate with the nature and scale of the institution 's operations ; and ( b ) of an amount and nature sufficient to safeguard the interests of its depositors and potential depositors , having regard to the particular factors mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3 ) below and any other factors appearing to the bank to be relevant .

The manufacturer of the Forgen maintains that because the turbine is balanced it will charge in the slightest breeze , when the others will not .
the manufacturer of the forgen [remains/keeps] that because the turbine is balanced it will charge in the slightest breeze , when the others will not .

( Other accounts suggest that Marenches probably had much less difficulty in obtaining the monarchs agreement than he maintains . )
( other accounts suggest that marenches probably had much less difficulty in obtaining the monarchs agreement than he [remains/keeps] . )

But Indian spiritual teaching maintains that Sanskrit was not ‘ thought up ’ but ‘ heard ’ as vibrations on the inner planes of meditation by yogis .
but indian spiritual teaching [remains/keeps] that sanskrit was not ‘ thought up ’ but ‘ heard ’ as vibrations on the inner planes of meditation by yogis .

These are : ( a ) The Gatekeeper : who builds up , maintains and filters information used by the other four roles .
these are : ( a ) the gatekeeper : who builds up , [remains/keeps] and filters information used by the other four roles .

‘ Lyrics are first and foremost to us , ’ maintains Tara , ‘ although a good lyric is often slightly ambiguous these days .
‘ lyrics are first and foremost to us , ’ [remains/keeps] tara , ‘ although a good lyric is often slightly ambiguous these days .

Sometimes clothes would arrive with the sleeves backwards or the pocket on the wrong side ; someone with formal training would never have allowed garments with such a poor finish , ’ Liza maintains .
sometimes clothes would arrive with the sleeves backwards or the pocket on the wrong side ; someone with formal training would never have allowed garments with such a poor finish , ’ liza [remains/keeps] .

Bernard maintains she recognized this ‘ seeming hypocrisy ’ within herself and often laughed at it .
bernard [remains/keeps] she recognized this ‘ seeming hypocrisy ’ within herself and often laughed at it .

The College maintains close and constant links with the other seven Welsh colleges which run courses in agricultural education and students who obtain a National Certificate in Agriculture at one of them can transfer to the Welsh Agricultural College on to an Ordinary National Diploma course .
the college [remains/keeps] close and constant links with the other seven welsh colleges which run courses in agricultural education and students who obtain a national certificate in agriculture at one of them can transfer to the welsh agricultural college on to an ordinary national diploma course .

Purchasing maintains records of orders made , orders fulfilled , delivery dates , invoices etc .
purchasing [remains/keeps] records of orders made , orders fulfilled , delivery dates , invoices etc .

He maintains ( 1980a , p. 163 ) that far greater attention should be paid to non-local influences , asserting that ‘ local political studies have fundamentally failed to explain the observed regularity of urban policy change across many decentralized authorities ’ .
he [remains/keeps] ( 1980a , p. 163 ) that far greater attention should be paid to non-local influences , asserting that ‘ local political studies have fundamentally failed to explain the observed regularity of urban policy change across many decentralized authorities ’ .

Indeed Dearlove ( 1979 , p. 245 ) maintains that part of the case for reorganizing local government in 1972 and creating larger units was ‘ to make local government more functional for dominant interests ’ ( that is , less accessible to working-class representation ) .
indeed dearlove ( 1979 , p. 245 ) [remains/keeps] that part of the case for reorganizing local government in 1972 and creating larger units was ‘ to make local government more functional for dominant interests ’ ( that is , less accessible to working-class representation ) .

Such analysis , Rhodes maintains , ‘ does not always provide an adequate account of policy systems … Intergovernmental theory with its emphasis on fragmentation , professionalisation and policy network is more appropriate ’ .
such analysis , rhodes [remains/keeps] , ‘ does not always provide an adequate account of policy systems … intergovernmental theory with its emphasis on fragmentation , professionalisation and policy network is more appropriate ’ .

But , insofar as it argues that the state , notwithstanding its apparent neutrality and the inherent variability of state forms and interventions , still serves the interests of the owners of the means of production , this account still maintains that at all times the state acts to defend capital .
but , insofar as it argues that the state , notwithstanding its apparent neutrality and the inherent variability of state forms and interventions , still serves the interests of the owners of the means of production , this account still [remains/keeps] that at all times the state acts to defend capital .

Discounting exceptions , which are few and of short duration , there is everywhere a governing class , not large in membership , which maintains itself in power partly by force and partly by the consent of the governed .
discounting exceptions , which are few and of short duration , there is everywhere a governing class , not large in membership , which [remains/keeps] itself in power partly by force and partly by the consent of the governed .

Like other homeotherms , man maintains a high and constant body temperature against the environmental gradient .
like other homeotherms , man [remains/keeps] a high and constant body temperature against the environmental gradient .

Geary maintains that both the police and trade unions are committed to carrying public opinion .
geary [remains/keeps] that both the police and trade unions are committed to carrying public opinion .

Similarly , Smith maintains that :
similarly , smith [remains/keeps] that :

Walsh maintains that ,
walsh [remains/keeps] that ,

The continuing problems of Northern Ireland demonstrate the futility of responding to a deeply ingrained political problem with a law-and-order response . As Weitzer maintains ,
the continuing problems of northern ireland demonstrate the futility of responding to a deeply ingrained political problem with a law-and-order response . as weitzer [remains/keeps] ,

Young maintains that , ‘ As horrendous as the results of Heysel were , the lurid impact- and circulation-oriented headlines suggested an event much worse ’ ( ibid .
young [remains/keeps] that , ‘ as horrendous as the results of heysel were , the lurid impact- and circulation-oriented headlines suggested an event much worse ’ ( ibid .

Luce Irigaray maintains that for her ‘ l'enjeu n'est pas d'élaborer une nouvelle théorie do nt la femme serait le sujet ou l ' objet , mais d'enrayer la machinerie théorique elle-même , de suspendre sa prétention á la production d'une vérité et d'un sens par trop univoques ’ ( 1977:75 ) .
luce irigaray [remains/keeps] that for her ‘ l'enjeu n'est pas d'élaborer une nouvelle théorie do nt la femme serait le sujet ou l ' objet , mais d'enrayer la machinerie théorique elle-même , de suspendre sa prétention á la production d'une vérité et d'un sens par trop univoques ’ ( 1977:75 ) .

In an article on science fiction , Jean Baudrillard maintains that the traditional mode of the genre depended on a simulation of expansion that is no longer feasible in the contemporary world .
in an article on science fiction , jean baudrillard [remains/keeps] that the traditional mode of the genre depended on a simulation of expansion that is no longer feasible in the contemporary world .

Old George thinks , correctly , that golf is a ‘ drug-like sport ’ , but then maintains that businessmen in the West damage the economy by spending too much time hitting imperfect shots , and too little time behind their desks .
old george thinks , correctly , that golf is a ‘ drug-like sport ’ , but then [remains/keeps] that businessmen in the west damage the economy by spending too much time hitting imperfect shots , and too little time behind their desks .

Wicks maintains that the costs of community care ‘ tend to lie where they fall — on the family concerned and , in particular , on the female carer within the family ’ .
wicks [remains/keeps] that the costs of community care ‘ tend to lie where they fall — on the family concerned and , in particular , on the female carer within the family ’ .

The Lifetime Cookware range is made of the very finest mirror-polished stainless steel which is easy to clean and maintains its good looks .
the lifetime cookware range is made of the very finest mirror-polished stainless steel which is easy to clean and [remains/keeps] its good looks .

By prescribing carefully monitored , low doses of testosterone and encouraging male patients to adopt such proven stress management skills as autogenic training , he maintains that such symptoms can be rapidly and completely reversed .
by prescribing carefully monitored , low doses of testosterone and encouraging male patients to adopt such proven stress management skills as autogenic training , he [remains/keeps] that such symptoms can be rapidly and completely reversed .

Encouraging women to first express and then try to ‘ let go ’ of their previously suppressed fears and anxieties — usually through visualisation techniques and helping them to attain very deep states of relaxation — can , she maintains , eventually eliminate phobias , depression , psycho-sexual and reproductive disorders , as well as more general tiredness and tension .
encouraging women to first express and then try to ‘ let go ’ of their previously suppressed fears and anxieties — usually through visualisation techniques and helping them to attain very deep states of relaxation — can , she [remains/keeps] , eventually eliminate phobias , depression , psycho-sexual and reproductive disorders , as well as more general tiredness and tension .

‘ Englishmen are a rather unemotional species , ’ she maintains , ‘ and women are struggling to overcome that .
‘ englishmen are a rather unemotional species , ’ she [remains/keeps] , ‘ and women are struggling to overcome that .

Darwin 's theory provides a classic example of how difficult it is to draw a sharp distinction between ‘ natural history ’ and ‘ biology ’ : the process of evolution must of necessity mediate between the reproductive process that maintains the population and the environment to which the population must adapt .
darwin 's theory provides a classic example of how difficult it is to draw a sharp distinction between ‘ natural history ’ and ‘ biology ’ : the process of evolution must of necessity mediate between the reproductive process that [remains/keeps] the population and the environment to which the population must adapt .

One possibility is that , with all its institutional faults , the spiritual church offers some form of communication with that part of women that maintains contact with the power of fertility .
one possibility is that , with all its institutional faults , the spiritual church offers some form of communication with that part of women that [remains/keeps] contact with the power of fertility .

This claim has to be justified in a way which maintains the internal integrity of the process of educating students .
this claim has to be justified in a way which [remains/keeps] the internal integrity of the process of educating students .

Again , constitutional theory maintains that ministers are both collectively and individually responsible to Parliament for their actions .
again , constitutional theory [remains/keeps] that ministers are both collectively and individually responsible to parliament for their actions .

Even in the implementation of policy the bureaucracy maintains its own preferences and there are infinite opportunities at this stage for manipulation .
even in the implementation of policy the bureaucracy [remains/keeps] its own preferences and there are infinite opportunities at this stage for manipulation .

Rather than reduce its spending it maintains it , but postpones cash payments .
rather than reduce its spending it [remains/keeps] it , but postpones cash payments .

3 He maintains full power in the follow-through , not merely from the arm or shoulder , but from the whole body .
3 he [remains/keeps] full power in the follow-through , not merely from the arm or shoulder , but from the whole body .

Indeed , although some physical geographers perceive hydrology to be a separate field of scientific enquiry and , for example , Progress in Physical Geography maintains progress reports on fluvial geomorphology as well as on hydrology , other physical geographers have advocated the notion of geographical hydrology .
indeed , although some physical geographers perceive hydrology to be a separate field of scientific enquiry and , for example , progress in physical geography [remains/keeps] progress reports on fluvial geomorphology as well as on hydrology , other physical geographers have advocated the notion of geographical hydrology .

The 1988 Act otherwise maintains the same basic structure , but with some reforms .
the 1988 act otherwise [remains/keeps] the same basic structure , but with some reforms .

Much of the ‘ new academy ’ has comprised , as Bourdieu maintains , downwardly mobile bourgeois , ‘ poorly endowed with academic capital ’ , who otherwise would have been excluded from the academy .
much of the ‘ new academy ’ has comprised , as bourdieu [remains/keeps] , downwardly mobile bourgeois , ‘ poorly endowed with academic capital ’ , who otherwise would have been excluded from the academy .

He maintains that the ‘ self-reflection of sociology ’ will lead to anti-relativism and to ‘ scientific profits ’ .
he [remains/keeps] that the ‘ self-reflection of sociology ’ will lead to anti-relativism and to ‘ scientific profits ’ .

The undertaking by the Government not to agree to a proposal while either House maintains its ‘ parliamentary reserve ’ was embodied in a resolution of the House of Commons of 30 October 1980 .
the undertaking by the government not to agree to a proposal while either house [remains/keeps] its ‘ parliamentary reserve ’ was embodied in a resolution of the house of commons of 30 october 1980 .

These , he maintains , are the likely examples which relate to the Florentine cantasi come prints ; and he presents a strong case for the performance of the polyphonic models , and not the monophonic ones as Giulio Cattin suggests .
these , he [remains/keeps] , are the likely examples which relate to the florentine cantasi come prints ; and he presents a strong case for the performance of the polyphonic models , and not the monophonic ones as giulio cattin suggests .

He now travels frequently between Luxembourg and Edinburgh but maintains a keen interest in the affairs of the National Library as well as those of the many other Scottish institutions with which he is involved .
he now travels frequently between luxembourg and edinburgh but [remains/keeps] a keen interest in the affairs of the national library as well as those of the many other scottish institutions with which he is involved .

The criticisms contained in the report are expected to cause considerable embarrassment to the government , which maintains that since energy saving reduces costs it will come about naturally if market forces are allowed to function without interference .
the criticisms contained in the report are expected to cause considerable embarrassment to the government , which [remains/keeps] that since energy saving reduces costs it will come about naturally if market forces are allowed to function without interference .

It maintains a portfolio of leading brands of Scotch whisky , gin , bourbon , vodka , rum and other spirits .
it [remains/keeps] a portfolio of leading brands of scotch whisky , gin , bourbon , vodka , rum and other spirits .

The occurrence of such constructions in later parts of the novel maintains a stylistic unity , though other features of the style are very different .
the occurrence of such constructions in later parts of the novel [remains/keeps] a stylistic unity , though other features of the style are very different .

The latter contains fluid at a high pressure which maintains the turgidity and shape of the body .
the latter contains fluid at a high pressure which [remains/keeps] the turgidity and shape of the body .

Two leading QCs have joined the fight to free a man who maintains he was wrongly convicted of murdering a schoolgirl .
two leading qcs have joined the fight to free a man who [remains/keeps] he was wrongly convicted of murdering a schoolgirl .

Two leading QCs have joined the fight to free Raymond Gilmour the man who maintains he was wrongly convicted of murdering Johnstone schoolgirl Pamela Hastie .
two leading qcs have joined the fight to free raymond gilmour the man who [remains/keeps] he was wrongly convicted of murdering johnstone schoolgirl pamela hastie .

John Price ( 1968 ) has made two suggestions : perhaps temporary moods of pessimistic caution have proved to be advantageous in avoiding predators , or perhaps depressive behaviour has evolved as part of the complex behaviour which maintains the stability of man 's community .
john price ( 1968 ) has made two suggestions : perhaps temporary moods of pessimistic caution have proved to be advantageous in avoiding predators , or perhaps depressive behaviour has evolved as part of the complex behaviour which [remains/keeps] the stability of man 's community .

Attribution theory maintains that the causes of events can not be observed , but are construed by the individual to render the environment meaningful .
attribution theory [remains/keeps] that the causes of events can not be observed , but are construed by the individual to render the environment meaningful .

In an alternative , widely used , mode , a feedback circuit maintains the wire at a constant resistance and so at constant temperature ; the current needed to do this is a measure of the fluid velocity .
in an alternative , widely used , mode , a feedback circuit [remains/keeps] the wire at a constant resistance and so at constant temperature ; the current needed to do this is a measure of the fluid velocity .

Changing from acrylics to oils and substituting a palette knife for a pencil , Rothenberg maintains her curiosity in the crooked line , the partial form and the affects of colour on a flat place .
changing from acrylics to oils and substituting a palette knife for a pencil , rothenberg [remains/keeps] her curiosity in the crooked line , the partial form and the affects of colour on a flat place .

The element of environmental compared with predation disturbance is undoubtedly one that maintains diversity and if this is removed , the species total may fall .
the element of environmental compared with predation disturbance is undoubtedly one that [remains/keeps] diversity and if this is removed , the species total may fall .

She maintains that she and she alone knows why Robert is chucking everything up .
she [remains/keeps] that she and she alone knows why robert is chucking everything up .

This maintains a shallow angle of subduction beneath the outer arc but steepens below the main volcanic arc to about 60° .
this [remains/keeps] a shallow angle of subduction beneath the outer arc but steepens below the main volcanic arc to about 60° .

On covered surfaces soil and vegetation maintains a continuous presence of moisture on the rock surface while organic decay increases the quantity of organic acids and the abundance of carbon dioxide ; both increase the aggressiveness of the water percolating on to the rock surface .
on covered surfaces soil and vegetation [remains/keeps] a continuous presence of moisture on the rock surface while organic decay increases the quantity of organic acids and the abundance of carbon dioxide ; both increase the aggressiveness of the water percolating on to the rock surface .

‘ It had nothing to do with his homosexuality , ’ she maintains .
‘ it had nothing to do with his homosexuality , ’ she [remains/keeps] .

But not from Ken , Rogers maintains .
but not from ken , rogers [remains/keeps] .

He never , she maintains , missed not having a family life or the presence of children .
he never , she [remains/keeps] , missed not having a family life or the presence of children .

The traditional theory [ of employment ] maintains , in short , that the wage bargains between the entrepreneurs and the workers determine the real wage ; so that , assuming free competition amongst employers and no restrictive combinations amongst workers , the latter can , if they wish , bring their real wages into conformity with the marginal disutility of employment offered by the employers at that wage .
the traditional theory [ of employment ] [remains/keeps] , in short , that the wage bargains between the entrepreneurs and the workers determine the real wage ; so that , assuming free competition amongst employers and no restrictive combinations amongst workers , the latter can , if they wish , bring their real wages into conformity with the marginal disutility of employment offered by the employers at that wage .

Lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see Sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .
lucas [remains/keeps] that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .

Uzbekistan cuts back on pesticides but maintains yields
uzbekistan cuts back on pesticides but [remains/keeps] yields

The strategy maintains that advances in biotechnology and growing interest from plant breeders and drugs companies in genes from wild species warrant a reassessment of the notion that genetic resources are a common heritage .
the strategy [remains/keeps] that advances in biotechnology and growing interest from plant breeders and drugs companies in genes from wild species warrant a reassessment of the notion that genetic resources are a common heritage .

The government maintains that dipping is safe if carried out with the recommended protective clothing and other precautions .
the government [remains/keeps] that dipping is safe if carried out with the recommended protective clothing and other precautions .

They argue that the new road will not , as the government maintains , relieve congestion but instead increase car use and thus exacerbate congestion and pollution ; they argue instead for major investment in public transport and higher taxes on fuel .
they argue that the new road will not , as the government [remains/keeps] , relieve congestion but instead increase car use and thus exacerbate congestion and pollution ; they argue instead for major investment in public transport and higher taxes on fuel .

Although it probably began as a lung , over the course of evolution it has become the swimbladder , an ingenious device with which the fish maintains itself as a hydrostat in permanent equilibrium .
although it probably began as a lung , over the course of evolution it has become the swimbladder , an ingenious device with which the fish [remains/keeps] itself as a hydrostat in permanent equilibrium .

Greenpeace is an international environmental pressure group which maintains complete independence from all political parties anywhere in the world .
greenpeace is an international environmental pressure group which [remains/keeps] complete independence from all political parties anywhere in the world .

The castle 's great glory — its massive , twin-towered gatehouse — maintains an air of impregnability .
the castle 's great glory — its massive , twin-towered gatehouse — [remains/keeps] an air of impregnability .

The core of these theories maintains that contractual obligations may only be incurred by voluntary consent .
the core of these theories [remains/keeps] that contractual obligations may only be incurred by voluntary consent .

In his introductory essay , Vincent Scully maintains that Kahn would be disappointed by contemporary architecture and the work of his followers .
in his introductory essay , vincent scully [remains/keeps] that kahn would be disappointed by contemporary architecture and the work of his followers .

One art dealer who supports the assemblyman is Richard Feigen , who maintains that new buyers entering the market are most in need of the proposed consumer protection .
one art dealer who supports the assemblyman is richard feigen , who [remains/keeps] that new buyers entering the market are most in need of the proposed consumer protection .

What Maintains Anxiety ?
what [remains/keeps] anxiety ?

How Lifestyle Maintains Anxiety
how lifestyle [remains/keeps] anxiety

How Avoidance Maintains Anxiety
how avoidance [remains/keeps] anxiety

Another behavioural pattern which maintains anxiety is avoidance .
another behavioural pattern which [remains/keeps] anxiety is avoidance .

How Loss of Confidence Maintains Anxiety
how loss of confidence [remains/keeps] anxiety

How Our Thinking Maintains Anxiety
how our thinking [remains/keeps] anxiety

Joint reading and discussion of manual ‘ Understanding and Coping with Anxiety ’ ( topics covered include — what maintains anxiety ? the role of avoidance behaviour and catastrophic thoughts , panic spirals ) .
joint reading and discussion of manual ‘ understanding and coping with anxiety ’ ( topics covered include — what [remains/keeps] anxiety ? the role of avoidance behaviour and catastrophic thoughts , panic spirals ) .

Among them , Nicholas Calloway of Calloway Editions , Inc. , of New York maintains that he informed the Barnes trustees in late 1990 that his firm would match any price offered to publish a Barnes book , thanks to a major corporation willing to provide several million dollars ' subsidy for the volume .
among them , nicholas calloway of calloway editions , inc. , of new york [remains/keeps] that he informed the barnes trustees in late 1990 that his firm would match any price offered to publish a barnes book , thanks to a major corporation willing to provide several million dollars ' subsidy for the volume .

The sculptor 's bedroom and his workshop , the latter on loan from the Moore Foundation with which Imbert maintains a good professional relationship , have been recreated in the basement .
the sculptor 's bedroom and his workshop , the latter on loan from the moore foundation with which imbert [remains/keeps] a good professional relationship , have been recreated in the basement .

Train one part of your mind to listen acutely whilst another part maintains a silent , critical dialogue with the lecturer — posing questions and noting marginal comments for later follow-up ( Meaning ?
train one part of your mind to listen acutely whilst another part [remains/keeps] a silent , critical dialogue with the lecturer — posing questions and noting marginal comments for later follow-up ( meaning ?

He also stresses that the new female values encouraged marriage for love rather than for prudential considerations , and maintains that women 's increasing search for sexual fulfilment pushed up the general fertility rate of lower-class marriages in the nineteenth century .
he also stresses that the new female values encouraged marriage for love rather than for prudential considerations , and [remains/keeps] that women 's increasing search for sexual fulfilment pushed up the general fertility rate of lower-class marriages in the nineteenth century .

The Rockies , Great Lakes and the gargantuan Niagara Falls lend an air of immense grandeur and beauty to this former French outpost , now a bilingual land which maintains strong ties with both the British and French cultures .
the rockies , great lakes and the gargantuan niagara falls lend an air of immense grandeur and beauty to this former french outpost , now a bilingual land which [remains/keeps] strong ties with both the british and french cultures .

The family , he maintains , has not so much lost its functions as it has become more specialized in its functions .
the family , he [remains/keeps] , has not so much lost its functions as it has become more specialized in its functions .

Maintains healthy connective tissue .
[remains/keeps] healthy connective tissue .

She maintains that ‘ speakers of an oral language rely more on context for the communication of their verbal messages ’ ( 1972 , p. 169 ) , and this has implications for cognitive processes .
she [remains/keeps] that ‘ speakers of an oral language rely more on context for the communication of their verbal messages ’ ( 1972 , p. 169 ) , and this has implications for cognitive processes .

‘ Languages can ’ , he maintains , ‘ legitimately be analysed in terms of their greater or lesser context-dependence and culture-dependence .
‘ languages can ’ , he [remains/keeps] , ‘ legitimately be analysed in terms of their greater or lesser context-dependence and culture-dependence .

is , he maintains , a separate problem .
is , he [remains/keeps] , a separate problem .

Yet is the family maintains supportive contact with a relative , they need to know the strategy of the care team and how to respond in the relative 's best interests . If they think the person is deteriorating , should they tell the care team ? Where can they turn in a crisis ?
yet is the family [remains/keeps] supportive contact with a relative , they need to know the strategy of the care team and how to respond in the relative 's best interests . if they think the person is deteriorating , should they tell the care team ? where can they turn in a crisis ?

This , however , has been felt to be rather ironical since , although he is critical of idealism and maintains a formal commitment to empirical rationalism , it is Hobhouse who in fact calls for the greater degree of state intervention .
this , however , has been felt to be rather ironical since , although he is critical of idealism and [remains/keeps] a formal commitment to empirical rationalism , it is hobhouse who in fact calls for the greater degree of state intervention .

Reductions in mortality similar to that found by our meta-analysis have also been seen in the controlled ( non-randomised ) study by Muhilal et al , achieved by fortifying monosodium glutamate supplied to villages ; this maintains retinol levels better than infrequent high doses .
reductions in mortality similar to that found by our meta-analysis have also been seen in the controlled ( non-randomised ) study by muhilal et al , achieved by fortifying monosodium glutamate supplied to villages ; this [remains/keeps] retinol levels better than infrequent high doses .

Where the organization making the proposal manufactures , supplies , and maintains all the equipment and software , presentation of the required information will be a simple matter .
where the organization making the proposal manufactures , supplies , and [remains/keeps] all the equipment and software , presentation of the required information will be a simple matter .

It still maintains with blithe equanimity its opinion that active smoking , let alone passive smoking , does not cause disease — it has only been shown to have a ‘ statistical association , ’ much in the same way that sexual intercourse might be denied to ‘ cause ’ pregnancy .
it still [remains/keeps] with blithe equanimity its opinion that active smoking , let alone passive smoking , does not cause disease — it has only been shown to have a ‘ statistical association , ’ much in the same way that sexual intercourse might be denied to ‘ cause ’ pregnancy .

Weber did qualify his emphasis on the coercive methods through which the state maintains order and compliance , ‘ force is certainly not the normal or only means of the state ’ ( Weber 1972 p.78 ) .
weber did qualify his emphasis on the coercive methods through which the state [remains/keeps] order and compliance , ‘ force is certainly not the normal or only means of the state ’ ( weber 1972 p.78 ) .

Maintains the integrity of the software and data in the system .
[remains/keeps] the integrity of the software and data in the system .

( The latter person merely maintains of a particular set of conditions that it was not the whole of the causal circumstance .
( the latter person merely [remains/keeps] of a particular set of conditions that it was not the whole of the causal circumstance .

Our radical objector maintains about what we take to have been the causal circumstance that it might riot have been followed by the smell , and moreover that this would not have resulted from the absence of some further condition .
our radical objector [remains/keeps] about what we take to have been the causal circumstance that it might riot have been followed by the smell , and moreover that this would not have resulted from the absence of some further condition .

He maintains that what we take to have been the causal circumstance might have existed as it did , and the rest of the universe might have been just as it was-and there might have been no smell .
he [remains/keeps] that what we take to have been the causal circumstance might have existed as it did , and the rest of the universe might have been just as it was-and there might have been no smell .

The temperature regulation centre in the brain usually maintains the balance between heat production and loss .
the temperature regulation centre in the brain usually [remains/keeps] the balance between heat production and loss .

Clarissa 's long blonde hair is her strongest feature — she maintains it with Clairol 's Loving Care to hold back the grey .
clarissa 's long blonde hair is her strongest feature — she [remains/keeps] it with clairol 's loving care to hold back the grey .

He maintains that the ‘ classical conundrum ’ of the incompatibility of functional effectiveness ( depending on large-scale units ) and democracy ( depending on small-scale units ) is a false one .
he [remains/keeps] that the ‘ classical conundrum ’ of the incompatibility of functional effectiveness ( depending on large-scale units ) and democracy ( depending on small-scale units ) is a false one .

It 's a cartoon world and the high-school plot lacks conviction but the film has a wit and daring entirely absent from the John Hughes millieu , while Slater brings an energy to it that maintains the drama throughout a series of lengthy monologues .
it 's a cartoon world and the high-school plot lacks conviction but the film has a wit and daring entirely absent from the john hughes millieu , while slater brings an energy to it that [remains/keeps] the drama throughout a series of lengthy monologues .

Furthermore , the sociological perspective maintains that these patterns in behaviour are the products of specific social ‘ forces ’ or factors , and more specifically are the consequence of the social relationships and experiences which go to make up human social living .
furthermore , the sociological perspective [remains/keeps] that these patterns in behaviour are the products of specific social ‘ forces ’ or factors , and more specifically are the consequence of the social relationships and experiences which go to make up human social living .

The company landscapes and maintains all types of garden .
the company landscapes and [remains/keeps] all types of garden .

Hardaker maintains that a distinction must be preserved between work and the inner life .
hardaker [remains/keeps] that a distinction must be preserved between work and the inner life .

‘ Realism maintains that universal moral principles can not be applied to the actions of states in their abstract universal formulation .
‘ realism [remains/keeps] that universal moral principles can not be applied to the actions of states in their abstract universal formulation .

If Jesus numbered such figures as Simon the Zealot and Judas the Sicarius among his followers , those followers can hardly have been as placid and peaceable as later tradition maintains .
if jesus numbered such figures as simon the zealot and judas the sicarius among his followers , those followers can hardly have been as placid and peaceable as later tradition [remains/keeps] .

The text maintains insistently that Jesus 's rightful heir was his brother James , and takes great pains to argue that Simon Peter never in fact ‘ defected ’ to Pauline thought .
the text [remains/keeps] insistently that jesus 's rightful heir was his brother james , and takes great pains to argue that simon peter never in fact ‘ defected ’ to pauline thought .

As we have said , at least one modern authority maintains that the mausoleum in question is Priscillian 's , and this is widely accepted by the local populace as well .
as we have said , at least one modern authority [remains/keeps] that the mausoleum in question is priscillian 's , and this is widely accepted by the local populace as well .

First , our working model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ maintains that prevalence ( all cases ) will increase if incidence ( new cases ) outstrips outcidence ( the number of individuals ‘ coming off ’ heroin ) , and conversely that prevalence will decrease if the outcidence rate exceeds the incidence rate .
first , our working model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ [remains/keeps] that prevalence ( all cases ) will increase if incidence ( new cases ) outstrips outcidence ( the number of individuals ‘ coming off ’ heroin ) , and conversely that prevalence will decrease if the outcidence rate exceeds the incidence rate .

Snugly situated in the picturesque village of Colinton , this off-shoot from Champany Linlithgow maintains the same high standards of steaks and cuisine .
snugly situated in the picturesque village of colinton , this off-shoot from champany linlithgow [remains/keeps] the same high standards of steaks and cuisine .

One of the oldest and most fashionable resorts on the Tuscany Coast , Forte dei Marmi still maintains the atmosphere of a sophisticated , residential community .
one of the oldest and most fashionable resorts on the tuscany coast , forte dei marmi still [remains/keeps] the atmosphere of a sophisticated , residential community .

‘ My fashion shots were n't really fashion , ’ Bailey maintains .
‘ my fashion shots were n't really fashion , ’ bailey [remains/keeps] .

The state in which the ideas existed before being made conscious is called by us repression , and we assert that the force which instituted the repression and maintains it is perceived as resistance during the work of analysis .
the state in which the ideas existed before being made conscious is called by us repression , and we assert that the force which instituted the repression and [remains/keeps] it is perceived as resistance during the work of analysis .

Still , there are important ways in which the biological organism impinges on the personality system , even later in life , just as Parsons maintains the social and cultural systems impinge on the personality system .
still , there are important ways in which the biological organism impinges on the personality system , even later in life , just as parsons [remains/keeps] the social and cultural systems impinge on the personality system .

The government also maintains that the judge erred by not weighing evidence that firms spend huge sums in advertising to promote their products .
the government also [remains/keeps] that the judge erred by not weighing evidence that firms spend huge sums in advertising to promote their products .

It also maintains a database on the extractive industry in Britain and publishes ‘ The Directory of Mines and Quarries ’ ( see under Publications in Section 2.2.2 ) .
it also [remains/keeps] a database on the extractive industry in britain and publishes ‘ the directory of mines and quarries ’ ( see under publications in section 2.2.2 ) .

The course team , headed by the Course Co-ordinator , maintains that involvement in the course has been exciting , incredibly demanding , sometimes excessively demoralising but in summation , a most rewarding experience .
the course team , headed by the course co-ordinator , [remains/keeps] that involvement in the course has been exciting , incredibly demanding , sometimes excessively demoralising but in summation , a most rewarding experience .

The Group maintains design and development departments in most of its manufacturing divisions .
the group [remains/keeps] design and development departments in most of its manufacturing divisions .

Gavin Miller , service manager at Healthcare Belfast as well as ensuring all the vehicles run properly and complete the necessary services , maintains and races a variety of other vehicles .
gavin miller , service manager at healthcare belfast as well as ensuring all the vehicles run properly and complete the necessary services , [remains/keeps] and races a variety of other vehicles .

maintains the highest standards .
[remains/keeps] the highest standards .

Rentokil Office and retail Cleaning maintains its quality through training and supervision .
rentokil office and retail cleaning [remains/keeps] its quality through training and supervision .

While the Lord Chancellor 's Advisory Committee accepted the majority of the Society 's application last year , negotiations have focused since then on the position of employed solicitors , whom the Society maintains should be granted wider rights alongside their private practice colleagues .
while the lord chancellor 's advisory committee accepted the majority of the society 's application last year , negotiations have focused since then on the position of employed solicitors , whom the society [remains/keeps] should be granted wider rights alongside their private practice colleagues .

One reason for its success is that Edinburgh , unlike many other universities , maintains a strong and creative tradition of practical co-operation across departments and subjects , as well as being able to offer excellence within specialisms .
one reason for its success is that edinburgh , unlike many other universities , [remains/keeps] a strong and creative tradition of practical co-operation across departments and subjects , as well as being able to offer excellence within specialisms .

The department maintains close relations with the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and the British School of Archaeology in Jerusalem .
the department [remains/keeps] close relations with the hebrew university of jerusalem and the british school of archaeology in jerusalem .

The Allocations Office maintains a register of approved board lodgings and self-catering bedsits , all of which are inspected before inclusion in the register and visited subsequently to ensure that correct standards are being maintained .
the allocations office [remains/keeps] a register of approved board lodgings and self-catering bedsits , all of which are inspected before inclusion in the register and visited subsequently to ensure that correct standards are being maintained .

It now maintains extensive sound , video , film and photographic collections , together with the Tale and Place Name Archives .
it now [remains/keeps] extensive sound , video , film and photographic collections , together with the tale and place name archives .

The Institute maintains a major library relating to its fields of interest .
the institute [remains/keeps] a major library relating to its fields of interest .

Kaufman maintains that in the United States rivalries between bureaus , each with its allies in congressional committees and powerful interests outside government , constitute an important barrier against the assumption of power by the bureaucracy ( Kaufman 1981 ) .
kaufman [remains/keeps] that in the united states rivalries between bureaus , each with its allies in congressional committees and powerful interests outside government , constitute an important barrier against the assumption of power by the bureaucracy ( kaufman 1981 ) .

Education is one of the privileges that bureaucrats increasingly are able to pass on to their offspring , together with their important connections in the state apparatus , which Cliff maintains is used as their private property ( Cliff 1964 ) .
education is one of the privileges that bureaucrats increasingly are able to pass on to their offspring , together with their important connections in the state apparatus , which cliff [remains/keeps] is used as their private property ( cliff 1964 ) .

Increases in intra-abdominal pressure induced by inflating a balloon by mouth normally generate a compensatory increase in external anal sphincter activity that enhances the anal pressure barrier and maintains continence .
increases in intra-abdominal pressure induced by inflating a balloon by mouth normally generate a compensatory increase in external anal sphincter activity that enhances the anal pressure barrier and [remains/keeps] continence .

Hence , we postulated that adaptive cytoprotection maintains a physiological equilibrium between duodenal mucosal resistance and luminal acidity .
hence , we postulated that adaptive cytoprotection [remains/keeps] a physiological equilibrium between duodenal mucosal resistance and luminal acidity .

‘ Lyrics are first and foremost to us , ’ maintains Tara , ‘ although a good lyric is often slightly ambiguous these days .
‘ lyrics are first and foremost to us , ’ [remains/keeps] tara , ‘ although a good lyric is often slightly ambiguous these days .

An electric fan heater maintains a temperature just above freezing point .
an electric fan heater [remains/keeps] a temperature just above freezing point .

The government of Taiwan ( formerly Formosa ) is derived from that which ruled the Chinese mainland prior to the 1949 communist revolution it maintains its claim to legal jurisdiction of this lost territory and continues to designate itself as the Republic of China .
the government of taiwan ( formerly formosa ) is derived from that which ruled the chinese mainland prior to the 1949 communist revolution it [remains/keeps] its claim to legal jurisdiction of this lost territory and continues to designate itself as the republic of china .

As the rest of the banking system maintains the accounts of all other sectors of the economy , any net payment to central government will produce a net flow of cash from the banks to the Bank .
as the rest of the banking system [remains/keeps] the accounts of all other sectors of the economy , any net payment to central government will produce a net flow of cash from the banks to the bank .

Compliance unit in London office maintains a central register of all corporate finance engagement letters obtained by the firm .
compliance unit in london office [remains/keeps] a central register of all corporate finance engagement letters obtained by the firm .

Compliance Unit in London office maintains a central register of all CFELs obtained by the firm .
compliance unit in london office [remains/keeps] a central register of all cfels obtained by the firm .

The City Code envisages that the full board of directors maintains an active involvement in monitoring the conduct of a take-over offer .
the city code envisages that the full board of directors [remains/keeps] an active involvement in monitoring the conduct of a take-over offer .

Does the life drive golfers insane ? New Zealand touring pro Greg Turner , a winner of the Singapore Open , maintains many professionals over the age of 45 are brain dead , while veteran Peter Mills , Ryder Cup hero in 1957 at Lindrick , says that any able-bodied person trying to bury a white ball 18 times a day has to be twisted .
does the life drive golfers insane ? new zealand touring pro greg turner , a winner of the singapore open , [remains/keeps] many professionals over the age of 45 are brain dead , while veteran peter mills , ryder cup hero in 1957 at lindrick , says that any able-bodied person trying to bury a white ball 18 times a day has to be twisted .

Future Image maintains that the extension to a wider base has won them at least half a dozen valuable new clients , and he thinks its the way forward for all agencies .
future image [remains/keeps] that the extension to a wider base has won them at least half a dozen valuable new clients , and he thinks its the way forward for all agencies .

She also maintains she would never consider going back to full-time employment and advised other women with good business ideas to ‘ go for it ’ .
she also [remains/keeps] she would never consider going back to full-time employment and advised other women with good business ideas to ‘ go for it ’ .

If there is any doubt about the chosen criterion for distance moved during the first step then the second step can also be analysed to ensure that the motor maintains synchronism during that excitation interval .
if there is any doubt about the chosen criterion for distance moved during the first step then the second step can also be analysed to ensure that the motor [remains/keeps] synchronism during that excitation interval .

She maintains the `` only `` thing she did on business while in hospital was answer letters , which , given the number she received , must have kept her occupied for a fair portion of the day .
she [remains/keeps] the `` only `` thing she did on business while in hospital was answer letters , which , given the number she received , must have kept her occupied for a fair portion of the day .

This form will have been supplied to the dealer by a finance company with whom the dealer maintains regular contact .
this form will have been supplied to the dealer by a finance company with whom the dealer [remains/keeps] regular contact .

Finally , an audit trail maintains a record of all the network activity , including unsuccessful illicit attempts to log on or access restricted files or devices .
finally , an audit trail [remains/keeps] a record of all the network activity , including unsuccessful illicit attempts to log on or access restricted files or devices .

Qbasic maintains two screens — the program editing screen and the output screen .
qbasic [remains/keeps] two screens — the program editing screen and the output screen .

Carr : This contract maintains the Wood Group 's position in the forefront of the next stage in the development of the North Sea .
carr : this contract [remains/keeps] the wood group 's position in the forefront of the next stage in the development of the north sea .

Whether one agrees , disagrees or maintains a neutral attitude to this technique is a matter of personal choice , but how one would respond to a professional call to administer this procedure is a different situation entirely .
whether one agrees , disagrees or [remains/keeps] a neutral attitude to this technique is a matter of personal choice , but how one would respond to a professional call to administer this procedure is a different situation entirely .

Thomas maintains that , as a marketing tool , jackets are ‘ absolutely crucial — especially with mass market paperbacks .
thomas [remains/keeps] that , as a marketing tool , jackets are ‘ absolutely crucial — especially with mass market paperbacks .

One suggestion is that the folding maintains the appropriate kinetic unit of the chain at any given temperature ; as this would be expected to lengthen with increasing temperature , it would account for the observed thickening of the lamellae .
one suggestion is that the folding [remains/keeps] the appropriate kinetic unit of the chain at any given temperature ; as this would be expected to lengthen with increasing temperature , it would account for the observed thickening of the lamellae .

It maintains the truths of the universe it represents .
it [remains/keeps] the truths of the universe it represents .

So the Brahmin maintains his status by virtue of the Untouchable sweeper who cleans up after him .
so the brahmin [remains/keeps] his status by virtue of the untouchable sweeper who cleans up after him .

In an effort to disguise the effects of the war economy , the government maintains some prestige urban projects and has continued key agricultural schemes .
in an effort to disguise the effects of the war economy , the government [remains/keeps] some prestige urban projects and has continued key agricultural schemes .

Oman is indeed united under one leader who maintains diplomatic relations with East and West .
oman is indeed united under one leader who [remains/keeps] diplomatic relations with east and west .

Most universities and higher technical institutions use it , and of course it maintains its position as the link language with the rest of the world .
most universities and higher technical institutions use it , and of course it [remains/keeps] its position as the link language with the rest of the world .

Assad has maintained a ruthless one-party regime based on the army , which he has repeatedly used against domestic opposition and to intervene in Lebanon , where Syria maintains 30,000 troops — a crippling economic burden .
assad has maintained a ruthless one-party regime based on the army , which he has repeatedly used against domestic opposition and to intervene in lebanon , where syria [remains/keeps] 30,000 troops — a crippling economic burden .

The Government 's strategy is to provide a criminal justice system which maintains the rule of law and creates in Northern Ireland the conditions for a fair and just administration .
the government 's strategy is to provide a criminal justice system which [remains/keeps] the rule of law and creates in northern ireland the conditions for a fair and just administration .

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what steps he is taking to ensure that known international terrorists do not receive any support from countries in the middle east with which the United Kingdom maintains diplomatic relations .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what steps he is taking to ensure that known international terrorists do not receive any support from countries in the middle east with which the united kingdom [remains/keeps] diplomatic relations .

That is absolutely clear , and it is in clear contrast to the position of the Labour party , which maintains its high spending policies and is all over the place in deciding how to finance them .
that is absolutely clear , and it is in clear contrast to the position of the labour party , which [remains/keeps] its high spending policies and is all over the place in deciding how to finance them .

The Department maintains a continuous campaign to promote the carrying of donor cards .
the department [remains/keeps] a continuous campaign to promote the carrying of donor cards .

This discourse is formed within a closely structured sonnet , and the muse 's intervention is a conclusion which maintains the sonnet 's structure .
this discourse is formed within a closely structured sonnet , and the muse 's intervention is a conclusion which [remains/keeps] the sonnet 's structure .

One of the most powerful forms of inquiry in recent years has been to look at Renaissance writing produced outside the cultural elite , bringing attention to texts marginalised and ignored by the institutional processes which maintains the traditional canon .
one of the most powerful forms of inquiry in recent years has been to look at renaissance writing produced outside the cultural elite , bringing attention to texts marginalised and ignored by the institutional processes which [remains/keeps] the traditional canon .

By arguing that ‘ thick description ’ of some specific cultural action indicates larger and more significant features of the culture as a whole , New Historicism maintains contact with history as part of a larger narrative .
by arguing that ‘ thick description ’ of some specific cultural action indicates larger and more significant features of the culture as a whole , new historicism [remains/keeps] contact with history as part of a larger narrative .

Stateless societies are so constituted that the kaleidoscopic succession of concrete social situations provides the stimulus that motivates each individual to act for his own interest or for that of close kin and neighbours with whom he is so totally involved , in a manner which maintains the fabric of society … the lack of specialized roles and the resulting multiplex quality of social networks mean that neither economic nor political ends can be exclusively pursued by anyone to the detriment of society , because the ends are intertwined with each other and further channelled by ritual and controlled by the beliefs which ritual expresses .
stateless societies are so constituted that the kaleidoscopic succession of concrete social situations provides the stimulus that motivates each individual to act for his own interest or for that of close kin and neighbours with whom he is so totally involved , in a manner which [remains/keeps] the fabric of society … the lack of specialized roles and the resulting multiplex quality of social networks mean that neither economic nor political ends can be exclusively pursued by anyone to the detriment of society , because the ends are intertwined with each other and further channelled by ritual and controlled by the beliefs which ritual expresses .

Reproduction , as the term is used by Marxist thinkers , refers to the process whereby a given form of society , or social formation , maintains itself — that is to say , is continually re-created — in that form .
reproduction , as the term is used by marxist thinkers , refers to the process whereby a given form of society , or social formation , [remains/keeps] itself — that is to say , is continually re-created — in that form .

Ziff ( 1981 ) believes that capacities having an important functional value such as the ability to deal with complex information or achieve a state of heightened awareness are , during pauses in the struggle for existence , exercised in a non-functional manner which maintains and develops their effectiveness .
ziff ( 1981 ) believes that capacities having an important functional value such as the ability to deal with complex information or achieve a state of heightened awareness are , during pauses in the struggle for existence , exercised in a non-functional manner which [remains/keeps] and develops their effectiveness .

One of Franco 's most sympathetic biographers , Suárez Fernández , maintains that the Caudillo 's penchant for such country pursuits reflected his `` typical custom of reflection in the solitude of nature before taking decisions `` .
one of franco 's most sympathetic biographers , suárez fernández , [remains/keeps] that the caudillo 's penchant for such country pursuits reflected his `` typical custom of reflection in the solitude of nature before taking decisions `` .

The Economic Development Division maintains its own filing system ; all other divisions use the central filing system for official correspondence and papers except for certain specialised project files which are held on the divisions .
the economic development division [remains/keeps] its own filing system ; all other divisions use the central filing system for official correspondence and papers except for certain specialised project files which are held on the divisions .

Theses in Edinburgh University Library are the responsibility of the Special Collections Librarian , who maintains the set within the Main Library .
theses in edinburgh university library are the responsibility of the special collections librarian , who [remains/keeps] the set within the main library .

One profitable approach , arising out of the close contacts which the Survey maintains with universities , is in its readiness to host conferences and seminars relating to particular major research fronts , during the course of which young researchers , who have not yet completed Ph Ds , can meet and discuss problems with senior geologists from the Survey , and from other universities .
one profitable approach , arising out of the close contacts which the survey [remains/keeps] with universities , is in its readiness to host conferences and seminars relating to particular major research fronts , during the course of which young researchers , who have not yet completed ph ds , can meet and discuss problems with senior geologists from the survey , and from other universities .

But to do so , he maintains , they are obliged to make impossible assumptions that `` generate analyses that are completely off the mark `` .
but to do so , he [remains/keeps] , they are obliged to make impossible assumptions that `` generate analyses that are completely off the mark `` .

Barbuda maintains a considerable degree of control over its internal affairs .
barbuda [remains/keeps] a considerable degree of control over its internal affairs .

Barbuda , the smaller of the country 's two inhabited constituent islands , maintains a considerable degree of control over its internal affairs .
barbuda , the smaller of the country 's two inhabited constituent islands , [remains/keeps] a considerable degree of control over its internal affairs .

President : Elias Hrawi , a Maronite businessman , who maintains good relations with both Syria and the Maronite leadership .
president : elias hrawi , a maronite businessman , who [remains/keeps] good relations with both syria and the maronite leadership .

The Law Society maintains the register of foreign lawyers under section 89 of the 1990 Act .
the law society [remains/keeps] the register of foreign lawyers under section 89 of the 1990 act .

Edward Thompson maintains that for a variety of reasons traditional pursuits were strongly resilient through the eighteenth century and were weakened only by forces which developed in the nineteenth .
edward thompson [remains/keeps] that for a variety of reasons traditional pursuits were strongly resilient through the eighteenth century and were weakened only by forces which developed in the nineteenth .

As the professional body for managers in the food and accommodation services industry , the Hotel , catering and Institutional Management Association sets and maintains standards of managerial education , experience and practice for the benefit of its members , the industry and the general public .
as the professional body for managers in the food and accommodation services industry , the hotel , catering and institutional management association sets and [remains/keeps] standards of managerial education , experience and practice for the benefit of its members , the industry and the general public .

( deputy information officer ) assists the information office in answering enquiries , maintains the subject and company files and administers the postal library lending service .
( deputy information officer ) assists the information office in answering enquiries , [remains/keeps] the subject and company files and administers the postal library lending service .

By understanding and interacting closely with its market , McDonald 's maintains a constant process of innovation .
by understanding and interacting closely with its market , mcdonald 's [remains/keeps] a constant process of innovation .

Bolinger ( 1974 : 86-7 ) seems to side with Palmer and Higgenbotham , for he maintains that the to infinitive evokes not a perception but rather a fact : The passive tends to be used in situations where the interest is not in perceptions but in impersonal facts — for example , in the testimony of a witness who says He was seen to stoop over and pick up some object , and then stuff it in his pocket .
bolinger ( 1974 : 86-7 ) seems to side with palmer and higgenbotham , for he [remains/keeps] that the to infinitive evokes not a perception but rather a fact : the passive tends to be used in situations where the interest is not in perceptions but in impersonal facts — for example , in the testimony of a witness who says he was seen to stoop over and pick up some object , and then stuff it in his pocket .

Local rumour maintains that Little Italy is one of the cleanest and safest enclaves in Manhattan .
local rumour [remains/keeps] that little italy is one of the cleanest and safest enclaves in manhattan .

The voice maintains a level pitch between high and low , neither rising nor falling .
the voice [remains/keeps] a level pitch between high and low , neither rising nor falling .

If a forecast maintains that almost everything is possible , the reader of the forecast is not much better off then he was before — except for one thing .
if a forecast [remains/keeps] that almost everything is possible , the reader of the forecast is not much better off then he was before — except for one thing .

In the oesophagus , mucosal integrity depends on a balance between aggressive factors such as refluxed acid and pepsin , and protective mechanisms that include salivary and oesophageal bicarbonate secretion , salivary and oesophageal mucus , mucosal resistance and permselectivity , proliferative activity of the epithelium , mucosal blood flow , and motor activity that enhances clearance and maintains competence of the gastro-oesophageal junction .
in the oesophagus , mucosal integrity depends on a balance between aggressive factors such as refluxed acid and pepsin , and protective mechanisms that include salivary and oesophageal bicarbonate secretion , salivary and oesophageal mucus , mucosal resistance and permselectivity , proliferative activity of the epithelium , mucosal blood flow , and motor activity that enhances clearance and [remains/keeps] competence of the gastro-oesophageal junction .

In addition , she maintains , Cleveland was not that exceptional .
in addition , she [remains/keeps] , cleveland was not that exceptional .

Modelling a succession of gasp-provoking Balmain outfits , Sian Phillips maintains a nice , self-amused poise as his wife .
modelling a succession of gasp-provoking balmain outfits , sian phillips [remains/keeps] a nice , self-amused poise as his wife .

In fact the second piece , Remembrance , maintains its ritualistic continuity more through the long-held lines in the background than in the sombre broken utterances of the solo trombone .
in fact the second piece , remembrance , [remains/keeps] its ritualistic continuity more through the long-held lines in the background than in the sombre broken utterances of the solo trombone .

Abu Nidal 's Palestinian extremist group , which maintains a close association with the Shia Muslim Hizbollah holding most of the Western hostages in Lebanon , is the most likely culprit .
abu nidal 's palestinian extremist group , which [remains/keeps] a close association with the shia muslim hizbollah holding most of the western hostages in lebanon , is the most likely culprit .

The Berkeley Square Gallery , for example , maintains a second outlet in Tokyo , as a vital part of its operations .
the berkeley square gallery , for example , [remains/keeps] a second outlet in tokyo , as a vital part of its operations .

It is certainly the case that , a deviant fringe aside , the core of Catholicism maintains the claim to be the only true church , insists that church unity must mean unity with Rome on its terms , and , in such practices as insisting that the children of mixed marriages be raised as Catholics , continues to behave in an ‘ intolerant ’ fashion .
it is certainly the case that , a deviant fringe aside , the core of catholicism [remains/keeps] the claim to be the only true church , insists that church unity must mean unity with rome on its terms , and , in such practices as insisting that the children of mixed marriages be raised as catholics , continues to behave in an ‘ intolerant ’ fashion .

Third , ritual is important because it contributes to the way society maintains its rules and therefore to general order .
third , ritual is important because it contributes to the way society [remains/keeps] its rules and therefore to general order .

My husband always maintains that white wine tastes better when drunk outside — by which he actually means that if he is in the open air he is relaxed and therefore more capable of enjoying anything .
my husband always [remains/keeps] that white wine tastes better when drunk outside — by which he actually means that if he is in the open air he is relaxed and therefore more capable of enjoying anything .

The trouble with Rottweilers , Mr Sherwood maintains , is that people simply do n't understand them .
the trouble with rottweilers , mr sherwood [remains/keeps] , is that people simply do n't understand them .

The charity still maintains it .
the charity still [remains/keeps] it .

It maintains that a merger will do more harm than good because the merged group would lose orders from German car firms worried about depending on a single supplier .
it [remains/keeps] that a merger will do more harm than good because the merged group would lose orders from german car firms worried about depending on a single supplier .

The Emergency Medical Rescue Units that the city maintains to deal with such accidents were unavoidably delayed in getting to the scene .
the emergency medical rescue units that the city [remains/keeps] to deal with such accidents were unavoidably delayed in getting to the scene .

Some of the 842 bridges that the city maintains are , it seems , in even worse condition than the subway .
some of the 842 bridges that the city [remains/keeps] are , it seems , in even worse condition than the subway .

In public the White House maintains that the president does not need a congressional resolution at all to use force .
in public the white house [remains/keeps] that the president does not need a congressional resolution at all to use force .

He maintains he achieved his high pass rate by year-long cramming with similar papers .
he [remains/keeps] he achieved his high pass rate by year-long cramming with similar papers .

Built in the 15th Century , it has been modernised over the years , but maintains much of the original style .
built in the 15th century , it has been modernised over the years , but [remains/keeps] much of the original style .

An organisation maintains its effectiveness by evaluating the extent to which the objectives are realised through the activities .
an organisation [remains/keeps] its effectiveness by evaluating the extent to which the objectives are realised through the activities .

Completer-Finisher : ensures attention to detail , maintains schedules ; anxious and introvert .
completer-finisher : ensures attention to detail , [remains/keeps] schedules ; anxious and introvert .

In addition , the constant incursion and retreat of the sea creates and maintains vast zones that are neither wholly marine , nor wholly freshwater , nor wholly land-based ; intertidal zones that vary in width , between spring tides and neap , and which could not persist , or would not exist at all , were it not for the tides .
in addition , the constant incursion and retreat of the sea creates and [remains/keeps] vast zones that are neither wholly marine , nor wholly freshwater , nor wholly land-based ; intertidal zones that vary in width , between spring tides and neap , and which could not persist , or would not exist at all , were it not for the tides .

This maintains them within the layer of plant plankton upon which they feed .
this [remains/keeps] them within the layer of plant plankton upon which they feed .

Thought forms , at first perhaps pictorial and in modern man very largely linguistic , set up a re-presentational environment possessing a dynamic stability that is distinct but not separable from the biological organization that maintains it .
thought forms , at first perhaps pictorial and in modern man very largely linguistic , set up a re-presentational environment possessing a dynamic stability that is distinct but not separable from the biological organization that [remains/keeps] it .

All individuals are closely related and the behaviour probably maintains a high degree of inclusive fitness for all parties .
all individuals are closely related and the behaviour probably [remains/keeps] a high degree of inclusive fitness for all parties .

The structure of the female group is thus based upon the relatively simple social dynamic principles of preference for high rank and the consequent competition , which in its turn maintains the hierarchy .
the structure of the female group is thus based upon the relatively simple social dynamic principles of preference for high rank and the consequent competition , which in its turn [remains/keeps] the hierarchy .

Britain maintains the best university system in Europe .
britain [remains/keeps] the best university system in europe .

And they would abolish the Audit Commission , which not only maintains the probity of local government accounting , but also pioneered the drive for better quality of service and value for money in local government .
and they would abolish the audit commission , which not only [remains/keeps] the probity of local government accounting , but also pioneered the drive for better quality of service and value for money in local government .

So long as it maintains the idea that believers talking to unbelievers are like people explaining to the blind what it is like to see , reason may be tolerated .
so long as it [remains/keeps] the idea that believers talking to unbelievers are like people explaining to the blind what it is like to see , reason may be tolerated .

There can only be one Creator , one God who made the earth and maintains it under divine control .
there can only be one creator , one god who made the earth and [remains/keeps] it under divine control .

Normally the London ambulance service maintains 175 emergency ambulances on duty during the day and 75 at night .
normally the london ambulance service [remains/keeps] 175 emergency ambulances on duty during the day and 75 at night .

The latter contains grapefruit extract which maintains an acid pH on the skin 's surface and has a mildly astringent effect on open pores .
the latter contains grapefruit extract which [remains/keeps] an acid ph on the skin 's surface and has a mildly astringent effect on open pores .

Combined Power Systems , in conjunction with Norweb , installs the units and maintains them .
combined power systems , in conjunction with norweb , installs the units and [remains/keeps] them .

It maintains a link with Fiat , though — its 1.4-litre engine is the same as that used in the Tipo .
it [remains/keeps] a link with fiat , though — its 1.4-litre engine is the same as that used in the tipo .

The Church of Ireland maintains its adherence to the Lambeth Conference decision of 1958 to oppose abortion on anything but the most exceptional grounds ( Church of Ireland Submission to the New Ireland Forum ( 1984 ) , p. 2 ) .
the church of ireland [remains/keeps] its adherence to the lambeth conference decision of 1958 to oppose abortion on anything but the most exceptional grounds ( church of ireland submission to the new ireland forum ( 1984 ) , p. 2 ) .

It is really one of the foundations of any executive power group that it maintains secrecy about its activities and avoids the possibility for its antagonists to subsume that power .
it is really one of the foundations of any executive power group that it [remains/keeps] secrecy about its activities and avoids the possibility for its antagonists to subsume that power .

It maintains the flexibility of the cells so that they can function effectively .
it [remains/keeps] the flexibility of the cells so that they can function effectively .

If possible preference should be given to the proposal that maintains the interior as an undivided space .
if possible preference should be given to the proposal that [remains/keeps] the interior as an undivided space .

He not only transforms sad friend , but maintains my reputation for being a resourceful problem solver .
he not only transforms sad friend , but [remains/keeps] my reputation for being a resourceful problem solver .

But , he maintains , 24-hour protection for the Ks was simply not possible .
but , he [remains/keeps] , 24-hour protection for the ks was simply not possible .

But at 80mm longer than the four-speed , overall length is still no greater than that of other makes of four-speed automatic transmissions , maintains Mercedes .
but at 80mm longer than the four-speed , overall length is still no greater than that of other makes of four-speed automatic transmissions , [remains/keeps] mercedes .

From 1924 to 1930 , Dr Clarke maintains , he was mainly concerned with politics and policy , and tried to coordinate the two in a pincer movement on the Treasury .
from 1924 to 1930 , dr clarke [remains/keeps] , he was mainly concerned with politics and policy , and tried to coordinate the two in a pincer movement on the treasury .

Dr Clarke maintains that in the 1920s Keynes was primarily a political animal .
dr clarke [remains/keeps] that in the 1920s keynes was primarily a political animal .

‘ Of all business decisions , these are the most worrying , ’ he maintains .
‘ of all business decisions , these are the most worrying , ’ he [remains/keeps] .

It was , he maintains , the complete reversal in the manufacturer-retailer relationship where design is concerned that brought about the high-street revolution for which Habitat was largely responsible .
it was , he [remains/keeps] , the complete reversal in the manufacturer-retailer relationship where design is concerned that brought about the high-street revolution for which habitat was largely responsible .

He maintains that the same rational decisionmaking process that applies to any design project applies equally to running a business .
he [remains/keeps] that the same rational decisionmaking process that applies to any design project applies equally to running a business .

Finniston maintains there is inescapable evidence that the corporate world has become more selfish and self-seeking .
finniston [remains/keeps] there is inescapable evidence that the corporate world has become more selfish and self-seeking .

He maintains there are no short cuts to managing effectively .
he [remains/keeps] there are no short cuts to managing effectively .

But , he maintains , if you do n't throw up a lot of worthless ideas you are unlikely to come up with sensible ones either .
but , he [remains/keeps] , if you do n't throw up a lot of worthless ideas you are unlikely to come up with sensible ones either .

Personal experience , Roddick maintains , is the best market research there is .
personal experience , roddick [remains/keeps] , is the best market research there is .

Path through moorland is boggy but passable and maintains same direction , soon crossing fence and continuing along bottom of small valley , then on right side of valley .
path through moorland is boggy but passable and [remains/keeps] same direction , soon crossing fence and continuing along bottom of small valley , then on right side of valley .

Yet Ash-Wednesday maintains a connection with the fertility symbols of the savage world .
yet ash-wednesday [remains/keeps] a connection with the fertility symbols of the savage world .

When he maintains the old spellings , ‘ daunsinge ’ and ‘ matrimonie ’ , Eliot links himself with his East Coker ancestor Thomas Elyot .
when he [remains/keeps] the old spellings , ‘ daunsinge ’ and ‘ matrimonie ’ , eliot links himself with his east coker ancestor thomas elyot .

‘ Within us ’ the Mississippi in St Louis , like the voices in the rose garden in ‘ Burnt Norton ’ , or the dancers in the field of ‘ East Coker ’ , or the village concealed in the shape of modern London , or the savage elements in modern man , maintains a secret presence , ‘ waiting , watching and waiting ’ .
‘ within us ’ the mississippi in st louis , like the voices in the rose garden in ‘ burnt norton ’ , or the dancers in the field of ‘ east coker ’ , or the village concealed in the shape of modern london , or the savage elements in modern man , [remains/keeps] a secret presence , ‘ waiting , watching and waiting ’ .

In our philosophy the purpose of the life of the individual is not to be the servant of the state and its objectives but to make the best of his talents and qualities . The sense of being self reliant , of playing a role within the family , or owning one 's own property , of paying one 's way , are all part or the spiritual ballast which maintains responsible citizenship …
in our philosophy the purpose of the life of the individual is not to be the servant of the state and its objectives but to make the best of his talents and qualities . the sense of being self reliant , of playing a role within the family , or owning one 's own property , of paying one 's way , are all part or the spiritual ballast which [remains/keeps] responsible citizenship …

This maintains the stability of the local communities since the disruptive process of class formation is halted — a stability which contrasts sharply with the political flux and intrigue of the court .
this [remains/keeps] the stability of the local communities since the disruptive process of class formation is halted — a stability which contrasts sharply with the political flux and intrigue of the court .

The State is seen as developing as class differentiation increases , because it is one of the tools by which a dominant class maintains itself .
the state is seen as developing as class differentiation increases , because it is one of the tools by which a dominant class [remains/keeps] itself .

Thatcher maintains firm anti-sanctions stance
thatcher [remains/keeps] firm anti-sanctions stance

Rees ( 1987 ) maintains that effectiveness is meaningless without usefulness , and this implies , among other things , political constraints .
rees ( 1987 ) [remains/keeps] that effectiveness is meaningless without usefulness , and this implies , among other things , political constraints .

However , participation is seldom evaluated as a means to an end , that is effectiveness , she maintains .
however , participation is seldom evaluated as a means to an end , that is effectiveness , she [remains/keeps] .

In 1978 it was claimed that these devices could not produce electricity at a cheaper rate than 20 pence per kilowatt hour ( as opposed to the Central Electricity Generating Board 's 2.7 pence per kilowatt hour ) but this has now been reduced to 10 pence per kilowatt hour while Dr Salter maintains that the Duck could achieve 4 pence per kilowatt hour .
in 1978 it was claimed that these devices could not produce electricity at a cheaper rate than 20 pence per kilowatt hour ( as opposed to the central electricity generating board 's 2.7 pence per kilowatt hour ) but this has now been reduced to 10 pence per kilowatt hour while dr salter [remains/keeps] that the duck could achieve 4 pence per kilowatt hour .

Feminists need a more dynamic view of reading , one which maintains a political perspective , but which at the same time concedes that there is room for manoeuvre between text and audience .
feminists need a more dynamic view of reading , one which [remains/keeps] a political perspective , but which at the same time concedes that there is room for manoeuvre between text and audience .

This volume however is both unusual and welcome because it deals specifically with the work of Julia Kristeva ; it is informative in so far as it indicates the cross-disciplinary implications of her work , and it maintains a balance between the introductory and the complex .
this volume however is both unusual and welcome because it deals specifically with the work of julia kristeva ; it is informative in so far as it indicates the cross-disciplinary implications of her work , and it [remains/keeps] a balance between the introductory and the complex .

This , you will realise , is very much Emily Triumphant and , for Bennett , a large part of that triumph — both as woman and poet — springs from Dickinson 's responses to the Godhead ( or not ) , to the natural world , the was a point of view ' and , Bennett maintains , one which shaped and informed Dickinson 's responses to the Godhead ( or not ) , to the natural world , the function of the poet , and the purpose , syntax and language of poetry itself .
this , you will realise , is very much emily triumphant and , for bennett , a large part of that triumph — both as woman and poet — springs from dickinson 's responses to the godhead ( or not ) , to the natural world , the was a point of view ' and , bennett [remains/keeps] , one which shaped and informed dickinson 's responses to the godhead ( or not ) , to the natural world , the function of the poet , and the purpose , syntax and language of poetry itself .

In rural areas , the Khmer Rouge is not universally despised , as the government in Phnom Penh maintains .
in rural areas , the khmer rouge is not universally despised , as the government in phnom penh [remains/keeps] .

Airdrie , managed by that most travelled of forwards , Jimmy Bone , showed far too much physical prowess for MacLeod 's men at Somerset Park , and a 3-1 win maintains the Broomfield challenge at the head of the division .
airdrie , managed by that most travelled of forwards , jimmy bone , showed far too much physical prowess for macleod 's men at somerset park , and a 3-1 win [remains/keeps] the broomfield challenge at the head of the division .

Colombia 's ruling class maintains the conservative interests of its aristocratic lineage .
colombia 's ruling class [remains/keeps] the conservative interests of its aristocratic lineage .

He maintains that the smaller , shorter , heavier muscled Dutch Texel is the ideal terminal sire for the Mule because they are so completely different in conformation .
he [remains/keeps] that the smaller , shorter , heavier muscled dutch texel is the ideal terminal sire for the mule because they are so completely different in conformation .

Yet , such a view argues that the Labour Party should have gone against its declared policies , on the assumption that they could not work , and maintains that it was dilatory in its attitudes towards and actions against British fascism .
yet , such a view argues that the labour party should have gone against its declared policies , on the assumption that they could not work , and [remains/keeps] that it was dilatory in its attitudes towards and actions against british fascism .

Francis of Assisi maintains an astonishingly high position of regard in the hearts of many Christians who would comfortably condemn Rose of Lima , despite the fact that as well as chatting to wolves and birds , his own asceticism , and that laid on his followers , was ferocious and absolute .
francis of assisi [remains/keeps] an astonishingly high position of regard in the hearts of many christians who would comfortably condemn rose of lima , despite the fact that as well as chatting to wolves and birds , his own asceticism , and that laid on his followers , was ferocious and absolute .

Foucault maintains that nineteenth-century medicine defined four ‘ privileged objects of knowledge ’ — that is , four problematized areas whose cross-examination would reveal truths : the hysterical woman , the masturbating child , the couple who practised birth control and the perverse adult .
foucault [remains/keeps] that nineteenth-century medicine defined four ‘ privileged objects of knowledge ’ — that is , four problematized areas whose cross-examination would reveal truths : the hysterical woman , the masturbating child , the couple who practised birth control and the perverse adult .

‘ At least he maintains our myth about the mission , ’ said Ludens to Gildas , ‘ and he 's bloody right about Marcus 's courage . ’
‘ at least he [remains/keeps] our myth about the mission , ’ said ludens to gildas , ‘ and he 's bloody right about marcus 's courage . ’

We were seriously examining an event of social consequence , ’ Nicholson still maintains , ‘ and it was in no way meant to be exploitive .
we were seriously examining an event of social consequence , ’ nicholson still [remains/keeps] , ‘ and it was in no way meant to be exploitive .

Bridget Hill maintains that wife-beating was common through all levels of society , though it was rather better concealed among the affluent [ Hill , 199–200 ] .
bridget hill [remains/keeps] that wife-beating was common through all levels of society , though it was rather better concealed among the affluent [ hill , 199–200 ] .

Roy Porter maintains , however , that in the eighteenth century the growth of fashion brought with it a new standard of beauty which emphasized the artificial , so that many Georgians feared a civilization of facades .
roy porter [remains/keeps] , however , that in the eighteenth century the growth of fashion brought with it a new standard of beauty which emphasized the artificial , so that many georgians feared a civilization of facades .

Who developed the idea that childbirth is much less frightening if you know what is going on ? Who maintains that pregnancy is not an illness ? Who is taking positive measures to prevent mothers in the third world feeding formula made with contaminated water to their babies ? Who got fathers into the labour wards ? Who is spearheading the government 's breastfeeding policy ? Who helped the Royal College of Midwives to write their textbook on breastfeeding ? Who is going into schools and colleges and making real sense of ‘ sex ’ education ? Who recognises the postnatal period as one of unique sensitivity , when peer group support is vital ? Whose research is improving sterile techniques on postnatal wards . Who is constantly arguing for proper scientific evaluation of all the interventions which have become a matter of habit with many midwives and obstetricians , like artificial membrane rupture ? Who is asking why 70% is a good average for cut or torn perineums ? Who seeks to support and encourage midwives in their struggle for recognition as independent practitioners ? Who has the most comprehensive information in the country on every aspect of childbirth , breastfeeding and postnatal care , all of which is available to the public free of charge ? who has comprehensive information for parents with disabilities ? Who is working at top levels within health authorities all over the country to improve maternity services for all those other mothers out there ? Who trains health professionals to give better antenatal and breastfeeding support as well as training and sustaining over a thousand of its own teachers and breastfeeding counsellors ?
who developed the idea that childbirth is much less frightening if you know what is going on ? who [remains/keeps] that pregnancy is not an illness ? who is taking positive measures to prevent mothers in the third world feeding formula made with contaminated water to their babies ? who got fathers into the labour wards ? who is spearheading the government 's breastfeeding policy ? who helped the royal college of midwives to write their textbook on breastfeeding ? who is going into schools and colleges and making real sense of ‘ sex ’ education ? who recognises the postnatal period as one of unique sensitivity , when peer group support is vital ? whose research is improving sterile techniques on postnatal wards . who is constantly arguing for proper scientific evaluation of all the interventions which have become a matter of habit with many midwives and obstetricians , like artificial membrane rupture ? who is asking why 70% is a good average for cut or torn perineums ? who seeks to support and encourage midwives in their struggle for recognition as independent practitioners ? who has the most comprehensive information in the country on every aspect of childbirth , breastfeeding and postnatal care , all of which is available to the public free of charge ? who has comprehensive information for parents with disabilities ? who is working at top levels within health authorities all over the country to improve maternity services for all those other mothers out there ? who trains health professionals to give better antenatal and breastfeeding support as well as training and sustaining over a thousand of its own teachers and breastfeeding counsellors ?

This class maintains the smooth running of the social order and economic system , but differs from the dominant bourgeois class in that its wealth is not derived from capital .
this class [remains/keeps] the smooth running of the social order and economic system , but differs from the dominant bourgeois class in that its wealth is not derived from capital .

The minimalist interpretation maintains that they are willing to obey if they have no judgment of their own on the merits of performing the required action .
the minimalist interpretation [remains/keeps] that they are willing to obey if they have no judgment of their own on the merits of performing the required action .

Willie has had tears in his eyes at Trevino 's performances just once , he maintains : when Lee put his ball out-of-bounds at Wentworth after fighting back to catch Nicklaus in a World Matchplay in the 1970s .
willie has had tears in his eyes at trevino 's performances just once , he [remains/keeps] : when lee put his ball out-of-bounds at wentworth after fighting back to catch nicklaus in a world matchplay in the 1970s .

Surrounding the cell is a very thin cell membrane which controls the entry and exit of molecules , and maintains the integrity of the cell .
surrounding the cell is a very thin cell membrane which controls the entry and exit of molecules , and [remains/keeps] the integrity of the cell .

Wife maintains that my driving is getting worse .
wife [remains/keeps] that my driving is getting worse .

The male establishes and maintains its territory with drumming displays which you are likely to hear during the breeding season — mid March through to April .
the male establishes and [remains/keeps] its territory with drumming displays which you are likely to hear during the breeding season — mid march through to april .

Who maintains the cheque-book ?
who [remains/keeps] the cheque-book ?

We must remember that a God who can speak through donkeys and who maintains a vast army of angels does not require our services .
we must remember that a god who can speak through donkeys and who [remains/keeps] a vast army of angels does not require our services .

The disposition of the Carboniferous section appears to be unrelated to shallow structural effects and maintains the thicknesses and relationships observed in the Hewett Sub-Basin .
the disposition of the carboniferous section appears to be unrelated to shallow structural effects and [remains/keeps] the thicknesses and relationships observed in the hewett sub-basin .

Is it ‘ an unparalleled mystical conspiracy threatening today 's world , ’ as Caryl Matrisciana maintains in her book Gods of the New Age ? Hal Lindsay states that ‘ the West has been invaded by the East ’ and ‘ every Christian must be equipped to meet the onslaught of Eastern thought ’ .
is it ‘ an unparalleled mystical conspiracy threatening today 's world , ’ as caryl matrisciana [remains/keeps] in her book gods of the new age ? hal lindsay states that ‘ the west has been invaded by the east ’ and ‘ every christian must be equipped to meet the onslaught of eastern thought ’ .

She maintains that many well-meaning New Agers are innocently misled through hypnosis and mind-control and are unaware of the movement 's ultimate goals .
she [remains/keeps] that many well-meaning new agers are innocently misled through hypnosis and mind-control and are unaware of the movement 's ultimate goals .

The staff will appreciate a head 's professional confidence and patience in these turbulent times , who addresses dilemmas without panic , develops procedures with care and good humour , and who maintains a radical determination to use the National Curriculum to do the best possible , on the evidence , for the children in our care .
the staff will appreciate a head 's professional confidence and patience in these turbulent times , who addresses dilemmas without panic , develops procedures with care and good humour , and who [remains/keeps] a radical determination to use the national curriculum to do the best possible , on the evidence , for the children in our care .

Depriving localities of many of their powers and discretions , encouraging through ‘ nannying ’ from the centre a dependency culture in the provinces , the national government — locked in its own record of multi-sided failure — simply maintains a self-justifying authority .
depriving localities of many of their powers and discretions , encouraging through ‘ nannying ’ from the centre a dependency culture in the provinces , the national government — locked in its own record of multi-sided failure — simply [remains/keeps] a self-justifying authority .

The philosophy maintains that it is up to you to take initiatives and through so doing to refuse to be bored .
the philosophy [remains/keeps] that it is up to you to take initiatives and through so doing to refuse to be bored .

He is a consummate wine taster ; John McGlasshan , a top lawyer from Warrington , who maintains his profession 's historical affection for fine wine and does so with great enthusiasm and elan : Aksel Nielsen , what a name , who has the considerable task of keeping Manchester Airport 's millions of travellers from drying out ; David Chell , the Portland 's Food and Beverage Manager and myself .
he is a consummate wine taster ; john mcglasshan , a top lawyer from warrington , who [remains/keeps] his profession 's historical affection for fine wine and does so with great enthusiasm and elan : aksel nielsen , what a name , who has the considerable task of keeping manchester airport 's millions of travellers from drying out ; david chell , the portland 's food and beverage manager and myself .

The book maintains an air of excitement throughout , at some points asking questions and leaving the reader to ponder until a later chapter .
the book [remains/keeps] an air of excitement throughout , at some points asking questions and leaving the reader to ponder until a later chapter .

Tazieff maintains , however , that there is no contamination or any release of radio activity from underground testing , and that it is ‘ scientifically impossible ’ for radio active debris to be spread beyond Mururoa by storms .
tazieff [remains/keeps] , however , that there is no contamination or any release of radio activity from underground testing , and that it is ‘ scientifically impossible ’ for radio active debris to be spread beyond mururoa by storms .

As the only permanent fixture in a constantly changing group , Sinclair Goodlad maintains continuity and lays down the scheme 's philosophy .
as the only permanent fixture in a constantly changing group , sinclair goodlad [remains/keeps] continuity and lays down the scheme 's philosophy .

If you do not only frown on smoking but hire only non-smokers from now on you can , he maintains , save $ 5000 a year per smoker in the long run .
if you do not only frown on smoking but hire only non-smokers from now on you can , he [remains/keeps] , save $ 5000 a year per smoker in the long run .

The only European country that maintains an arms embargo is Great Britain , but even that is not absolute .
the only european country that [remains/keeps] an arms embargo is great britain , but even that is not absolute .

Computers remain mysterious to most people , the psychologist maintains , because of the ‘ arrogance ’ of computer scientists and programmers who understand their machines but who are indifferent about the rest of us .
computers remain mysterious to most people , the psychologist [remains/keeps] , because of the ‘ arrogance ’ of computer scientists and programmers who understand their machines but who are indifferent about the rest of us .

The cheetah maintains its status as the world 's fastest animal ( 110 km/h ) and the prong-horn antelope of the North American plains the fastest herbivore ( 100 km/h ) but , overall , predatory carnivores and their herbivore prey seem to run at about the same speed .
the cheetah [remains/keeps] its status as the world 's fastest animal ( 110 km/h ) and the prong-horn antelope of the north american plains the fastest herbivore ( 100 km/h ) but , overall , predatory carnivores and their herbivore prey seem to run at about the same speed .

Hansom believes that your species , Australopithecus tanzaniensis , was our ancestor , and Luckey maintains that this belief is wrong and that our ancestor was another species of the genus Homo .
hansom believes that your species , australopithecus tanzaniensis , was our ancestor , and luckey [remains/keeps] that this belief is wrong and that our ancestor was another species of the genus homo .

One other pattern of integration has , to my mind , considerable potential value since it maintains a useful and workable balance between an entirely subject-based curriculum , often fragmented and irrelevant to real life and an integrated curriculum which may neglect essential learning skills , or prove beyond the capabilities of the ordinary teacher to teach effectively .
one other pattern of integration has , to my mind , considerable potential value since it [remains/keeps] a useful and workable balance between an entirely subject-based curriculum , often fragmented and irrelevant to real life and an integrated curriculum which may neglect essential learning skills , or prove beyond the capabilities of the ordinary teacher to teach effectively .

One tradition maintains that embarrassment drove him off after he had spent several nights in Ayr tolbooth ( jail ) for stealing a magistrate 's apples .
one tradition [remains/keeps] that embarrassment drove him off after he had spent several nights in ayr tolbooth ( jail ) for stealing a magistrate 's apples .

Legend maintains that his remains were removed from Monkton kirkyard and placed in the monument but this can not be substantiated .
legend [remains/keeps] that his remains were removed from monkton kirkyard and placed in the monument but this can not be substantiated .

The tradition referred to earlier that a surgeon had been required for the Empress , maintains that Garvine had to diagnose her illness without being allowed into her presence and that he treated her successfully .
the tradition referred to earlier that a surgeon had been required for the empress , [remains/keeps] that garvine had to diagnose her illness without being allowed into her presence and that he treated her successfully .

The river was in flood and tradition maintains that Coilus was able to cross only by leaping onto a large rock in mid-stream and from it to the farther bank .
the river was in flood and tradition [remains/keeps] that coilus was able to cross only by leaping onto a large rock in mid-stream and from it to the farther bank .

Local tradition maintains that over the centuries , pieces of ancient armour and weapons have been ploughed up in the area In 1796 , a carved stone was unearthed near the burial mound but its whereabouts is now unknown .
local tradition [remains/keeps] that over the centuries , pieces of ancient armour and weapons have been ploughed up in the area in 1796 , a carved stone was unearthed near the burial mound but its whereabouts is now unknown .

Tradition maintains that many of the Campbells warned Macdonalds in time for them to escape but it can not be denied that on that winter morning in Glencoe many of the Clan Campbell plumbed the depths of treachery and horror .
tradition [remains/keeps] that many of the campbells warned macdonalds in time for them to escape but it can not be denied that on that winter morning in glencoe many of the clan campbell plumbed the depths of treachery and horror .

They were married in 1358 , seventeen years before Robert became King , and tradition maintains that the marriage took place at Lady Mary 's Chapel , at what we now call Ladykirk , between Monkton and Symington .
they were married in 1358 , seventeen years before robert became king , and tradition [remains/keeps] that the marriage took place at lady mary 's chapel , at what we now call ladykirk , between monkton and symington .

Many of the families spent the first night huddled together in the open but tradition maintains that no one suffered as much as a common cold .
many of the families spent the first night huddled together in the open but tradition [remains/keeps] that no one suffered as much as a common cold .

This is not just pretty picnic food ; Steve maintains that the peppers give the bland turkey a piquant flavour .
this is not just pretty picnic food ; steve [remains/keeps] that the peppers give the bland turkey a piquant flavour .

‘ Slamming a car into a brick wall is actually one of the cheaper tests , ’ he maintains .
‘ slamming a car into a brick wall is actually one of the cheaper tests , ’ he [remains/keeps] .

One may well blame politicians for much Middle East misery , as Mr. Cleaver maintains , but without forgetting that Palestine has been partitioned a number of times .
one may well blame politicians for much middle east misery , as mr. cleaver [remains/keeps] , but without forgetting that palestine has been partitioned a number of times .

On the one hand the sheer weight of new product can actually wear away at one 's critical faculties so that any performance which maintains a reasonable degree of well engineered accuracy gets a thumbs-up .
on the one hand the sheer weight of new product can actually wear away at one 's critical faculties so that any performance which [remains/keeps] a reasonable degree of well engineered accuracy gets a thumbs-up .

The sound varies from very good to slightly rough , but Tacchino maintains high artistic and technical standards throughout , never sounding jaded even in the most familiar pieces .
the sound varies from very good to slightly rough , but tacchino [remains/keeps] high artistic and technical standards throughout , never sounding jaded even in the most familiar pieces .

To begin with , her musical language is loosely , sometime unabashedly , tonal , and shows evidence of her varied background : Spain , Russia and France all peep through the passage-work. the last two Sonatas inhabit a sterner , more chromatic world , but the vigour of the counterpoint ensures that the music maintains the momentum of the previous works .
to begin with , her musical language is loosely , sometime unabashedly , tonal , and shows evidence of her varied background : spain , russia and france all peep through the passage-work. the last two sonatas inhabit a sterner , more chromatic world , but the vigour of the counterpoint ensures that the music [remains/keeps] the momentum of the previous works .

Even so , Miller maintains that the clues to our abilities lie in our past , and can be brought to light by his System for Identifying Motivated Abilities .
even so , miller [remains/keeps] that the clues to our abilities lie in our past , and can be brought to light by his system for identifying motivated abilities .

Further , sucralose maintains better acid stability than aspartame , which means a longer shelf life for products that use it .
further , sucralose [remains/keeps] better acid stability than aspartame , which means a longer shelf life for products that use it .

Another school of thought maintains that a mild form of hyperventilation can be a feature , perhaps a symptom , of food intolerance .
another school of thought [remains/keeps] that a mild form of hyperventilation can be a feature , perhaps a symptom , of food intolerance .

It also maintains a list of off-campus accommodation available to students in lodgings , flats and houses .
it also [remains/keeps] a list of off-campus accommodation available to students in lodgings , flats and houses .

The Accommodation Office maintains a regularly-updated list of registered lodgings .
the accommodation office [remains/keeps] a regularly-updated list of registered lodgings .

In turn , the teacher keeps herself up to date and maintains an active interest in motivating and guiding the learner .
in turn , the teacher keeps herself up to date and [remains/keeps] an active interest in motivating and guiding the learner .

The Accommodation Office maintains a regularly-updated list of registered lodgings .
the accommodation office [remains/keeps] a regularly-updated list of registered lodgings .

He maintains that there is a link between characteristics such as extroversion and criminal behaviour .
he [remains/keeps] that there is a link between characteristics such as extroversion and criminal behaviour .

On this basis he maintains that these adults should not be seen ‘ as agents of social control repressing the young — as reductionist social history might suggest — but as agents of socialization preparing them for their future roles as citizens in a society to which most adolescents gave unthinking and willing allegiance ’ .
on this basis he [remains/keeps] that these adults should not be seen ‘ as agents of social control repressing the young — as reductionist social history might suggest — but as agents of socialization preparing them for their future roles as citizens in a society to which most adolescents gave unthinking and willing allegiance ’ .

Bank of England : Albion Bank maintains an operational account ( s ) with Britain 's central bank in order to meet its cash requirements , settle interbank debts arising from customer cheque transactions and any debts due to the government .
bank of england : albion bank [remains/keeps] an operational account ( s ) with britain 's central bank in order to meet its cash requirements , settle interbank debts arising from customer cheque transactions and any debts due to the government .

International trade and capital flows provide the reason for a foreign exchange market ( s ) because , despite increased economic interdependence in the world , each country maintains its own national medium of exchange .
international trade and capital flows provide the reason for a foreign exchange market ( s ) because , despite increased economic interdependence in the world , each country [remains/keeps] its own national medium of exchange .

British Steel Record Services ( London ) The Corporation maintains a central archive , and also regional collections .
british steel record services ( london ) the corporation [remains/keeps] a central archive , and also regional collections .

Firstly , the method of land clearance is significant as a determinant of erosion which is least after manual clearing — and where mixed cropping is practised which maintains a protective vegetation cover all year round .
firstly , the method of land clearance is significant as a determinant of erosion which is least after manual clearing — and where mixed cropping is practised which [remains/keeps] a protective vegetation cover all year round .

To this day , Jim Baxter maintains that Johnstone 's display against Leeds United in Celtic 's famous European Cup semi-final is one of the most outstanding solo performances in the history of the game .
to this day , jim baxter [remains/keeps] that johnstone 's display against leeds united in celtic 's famous european cup semi-final is one of the most outstanding solo performances in the history of the game .

His brother-in-law Stewart Milne , who is married to The Doc 's young sister Margaret , maintains that the catholic legacy at Old Trafford conspired against The Doc .
his brother-in-law stewart milne , who is married to the doc 's young sister margaret , [remains/keeps] that the catholic legacy at old trafford conspired against the doc .

Discussing the aftermath of accidents involving burns , Forshaw ( 1987 ) maintains that the psychological damage , and indeed the necessary treatment , are as traumatic as the injury itself .
discussing the aftermath of accidents involving burns , forshaw ( 1987 ) [remains/keeps] that the psychological damage , and indeed the necessary treatment , are as traumatic as the injury itself .

Disposal of industrial waste into rivers and seas is a major source of water pollution , and a recent article in Newsweek ( Hewitt et al , 1988 ) maintains that we have managed to clog the seas of the world with 20 billion tons of garbage .
disposal of industrial waste into rivers and seas is a major source of water pollution , and a recent article in newsweek ( hewitt et al , 1988 ) [remains/keeps] that we have managed to clog the seas of the world with 20 billion tons of garbage .

Fessey ( 1988 ) maintains that assertiveness techniques should be used only if a need requires expression or a right is about to be denied .
fessey ( 1988 ) [remains/keeps] that assertiveness techniques should be used only if a need requires expression or a right is about to be denied .

This approach , he maintains , is different from other aspects of nursing when the nurse uses knowledge and expertise to advise and educate .
this approach , he [remains/keeps] , is different from other aspects of nursing when the nurse uses knowledge and expertise to advise and educate .

Macleod-Clark ( 1988 ) maintains , however , that even in current basic nursing programmes , students are not given adequate preparation to function in this way .
macleod-clark ( 1988 ) [remains/keeps] , however , that even in current basic nursing programmes , students are not given adequate preparation to function in this way .

As Elkind illustrates , a 10-year-old with many adult responsibilities—such as preparing breakfast , doing housecleaning after school , checking that a younger sibling is all right , assisting with meal preparation , and washing dishes—barely has time for her own personal , homework responsibilities and is in danger of excessive stress from “ responsibility overload. ” 45 Schools , too , Elkind maintains , hurry and stress children by assigning too much tedious work and rushing them from one subject to another , depriving them of time to think and a sense of completion .
as elkind illustrates , a 10-year-old with many adult responsibilities—such as preparing breakfast , doing housecleaning after school , checking that a younger sibling is all right , assisting with meal preparation , and washing dishes—barely has time for her own personal , homework responsibilities and is in danger of excessive stress from “ responsibility overload. ” 45 schools , too , elkind [remains/keeps] , hurry and stress children by assigning too much tedious work and rushing them from one subject to another , depriving them of time to think and a sense of completion .

The American Speech–Language–Hearing Association ( ASHA ) maintains a list of certiﬁed speech–language pathologists for referrals .
the american speech–language–hearing association ( asha ) [remains/keeps] a list of certiﬁed speech–language pathologists for referrals .

The other maintains extensive information systems , which allow it to send , receive , and process information on retail demand , orders , and shipments ; advanced information technology also helps it plan manufacturing capacity so that the firm can engage in short-cycle production .
the other [remains/keeps] extensive information systems , which allow it to send , receive , and process information on retail demand , orders , and shipments ; advanced information technology also helps it plan manufacturing capacity so that the firm can engage in short-cycle production .

However , thanks to the fact that the cylinder is now in contact with the hot thermal reservoir , heat flows into the cylinder from T1 and maintains the working gas almost at the constant temperature T1 .
however , thanks to the fact that the cylinder is now in contact with the hot thermal reservoir , heat flows into the cylinder from t1 and [remains/keeps] the working gas almost at the constant temperature t1 .

Ia ( pronounced Oya ) , set on the northern cliffs , became home to a number of artists early on , and it maintains a more bohemian atmosphere than Fira .
ia ( pronounced oya ) , set on the northern cliffs , became home to a number of artists early on , and it [remains/keeps] a more bohemian atmosphere than fira .

The city still maintains its important gateway role .
the city still [remains/keeps] its important gateway role .

An association of British Protestants owns and maintains the attractive grounds and gardens , welcoming all visitors .
an association of british protestants owns and [remains/keeps] the attractive grounds and gardens , welcoming all visitors .

The racing schedule is September to June , and Hong Kong maintains two tracks — the older Happy Valley course on Hong Kong Island and the striking Sha Tin track in the New Territories .
the racing schedule is september to june , and hong kong [remains/keeps] two tracks — the older happy valley course on hong kong island and the striking sha tin track in the new territories .

Undoubtedly the discovery of an undisturbed tomb and its vast treasure trove in 1922 is what maintains its popularity .
undoubtedly the discovery of an undisturbed tomb and its vast treasure trove in 1922 is what [remains/keeps] its popularity .

Master Magician Lance Burton : Set in perhaps the most magnificent environment in Las Vegas — an impeccably gilded theater that somehow maintains intimacy — magician Lance Burton pulls off extraordinary illusions with the assistance of a talented group of dancers .
master magician lance burton : set in perhaps the most magnificent environment in las vegas — an impeccably gilded theater that somehow [remains/keeps] intimacy — magician lance burton pulls off extraordinary illusions with the assistance of a talented group of dancers .

The Rio Suites Hotel maintains a course several miles away from the Strip for their guests that offers spectacular views of the Las Vegas Valley .
the rio suites hotel [remains/keeps] a course several miles away from the strip for their guests that offers spectacular views of the las vegas valley .

The Matang Wildlife Centre , 35 km ( 22 miles ) from Kuching , is to take over the role of Semengoh , which no longer maintains captive animals .
the matang wildlife centre , 35 km ( 22 miles ) from kuching , is to take over the role of semengoh , which no longer [remains/keeps] captive animals .

It has been attracting convalescing northern Europeans for over a century and it maintains much of its colonial grandeur .
it has been attracting convalescing northern europeans for over a century and it [remains/keeps] much of its colonial grandeur .

Not far away is the center of Zen ( Chan ) Buddhism in Sichuan , the 1,300-year-old Wenshu Temple , which maintains its own company of woodcarvers as well as a vegetarian restaurant and outdoor teahouse .
not far away is the center of zen ( chan ) buddhism in sichuan , the 1,300-year-old wenshu temple , which [remains/keeps] its own company of woodcarvers as well as a vegetarian restaurant and outdoor teahouse .

Weifang maintains an extensive kite museum , and the local village of Yangjiabu offers kite-making demonstrations at its factory outlet complex .
weifang [remains/keeps] an extensive kite museum , and the local village of yangjiabu offers kite-making demonstrations at its factory outlet complex .

Further south , the mountains give way to the agricultural plains of the Beira Baixa ( Lower Beira ) , which lacks the monuments and mountains of its neighbors , but still maintains an unspoiled way of life .
further south , the mountains give way to the agricultural plains of the beira baixa ( lower beira ) , which lacks the monuments and mountains of its neighbors , but still [remains/keeps] an unspoiled way of life .

The city ’ s opera company is highly regarded by the rest of the world , and the Gulbenkian Foundation ( see page 33 ) maintains its own symphony orchestra and ballet company .
the city ’ s opera company is highly regarded by the rest of the world , and the gulbenkian foundation ( see page 33 ) [remains/keeps] its own symphony orchestra and ballet company .

Iá ( pronounced Oya ) , set on the northern cliffs , became home to a number of artists and still maintains a more bohemian atmosphere than Firá .
iá ( pronounced oya ) , set on the northern cliffs , became home to a number of artists and still [remains/keeps] a more bohemian atmosphere than firá .

Ms. Hoffman also maintains her own database of attorney interests .
ms. hoffman also [remains/keeps] her own database of attorney interests .

He said the city still maintains that the residents of the mobile home park must seek any compensation from Raimondi , not from the city .
he said the city still [remains/keeps] that the residents of the mobile home park must seek any compensation from raimondi , not from the city .

Business Finance Magazine- www.businessfinancemag.com This site maintains links to academic resources , accounting organizations , accounting and auditing resources , accounting software , business and management resources , government resources , and other noncommercial web sites .
business finance magazine- www.businessfinancemag.com this site [remains/keeps] links to academic resources , accounting organizations , accounting and auditing resources , accounting software , business and management resources , government resources , and other noncommercial web sites .

Hackett Benchmarking & Research- www.answerthink.com/hackett/ Hackett Benchmarking & Research maintains comprehensive , ongoing benchmarks of finance , human resources , information technology , planning/performance measurement , procurement , customer contact centers , and shared services centers .
hackett benchmarking & research- www.answerthink.com/hackett/ hackett benchmarking & research [remains/keeps] comprehensive , ongoing benchmarks of finance , human resources , information technology , planning/performance measurement , procurement , customer contact centers , and shared services centers .

The vendor maintains public information , such as that recorded by local department of motor vehicles or municipal courts , where it can be easily searched by caseworkers to evaluate information provided by individuals applying for benefits .
the vendor [remains/keeps] public information , such as that recorded by local department of motor vehicles or municipal courts , where it can be easily searched by caseworkers to evaluate information provided by individuals applying for benefits .

As of December 2000 , the state had spent $ 29 million to create a data warehouse to supplement the Medicaid Management Information System ( MMIS ) , which maintains data on Medicaid providers and beneficiaries as well as claims and payments .
as of december 2000 , the state had spent $ 29 million to create a data warehouse to supplement the medicaid management information system ( mmis ) , which [remains/keeps] data on medicaid providers and beneficiaries as well as claims and payments .

Intragovernmental sales may be made by an organization that maintains either an intragovernmental revolving fund ( such as the Defense Business Operations Fund ) or a public enterprise revolving fund ( such as the Postal Service ) .
intragovernmental sales may be made by an organization that [remains/keeps] either an intragovernmental revolving fund ( such as the defense business operations fund ) or a public enterprise revolving fund ( such as the postal service ) .

However , HCFA staff also pointed out that , in carrying out its responsibilities under the Medicare program , HCFA maintains an appropriate ongoing working relationship with industry officials .
however , hcfa staff also pointed out that , in carrying out its responsibilities under the medicare program , hcfa [remains/keeps] an appropriate ongoing working relationship with industry officials .

These officials told us that Caterpillar maintains the philosophy of first getting the design right , then producing it as quickly and efficiently as possible .
these officials told us that caterpillar [remains/keeps] the philosophy of first getting the design right , then producing it as quickly and efficiently as possible .

In addition , I-4 maintains alliances with leading research organizations , such as SRI International and Kent Ridge Digital Labs , to stay abreast of the latest technical , communications , legal , and economic developments .
in addition , i-4 [remains/keeps] alliances with leading research organizations , such as sri international and kent ridge digital labs , to stay abreast of the latest technical , communications , legal , and economic developments .

AtomicTangerine also maintains a number of alliance partnerships with companies that specialize in various areas of emerging technology and architecture , which help provide information to I-4 members .
atomictangerine also [remains/keeps] a number of alliance partnerships with companies that specialize in various areas of emerging technology and architecture , which help provide information to i-4 members .

JTF-CNO maintains a close relationship with the CERT/CC , the NIPC , and FedCIRC by participating in joint technical exchanges , working groups , and countermeasure development teams .
jtf-cno [remains/keeps] a close relationship with the cert/cc , the nipc , and fedcirc by participating in joint technical exchanges , working groups , and countermeasure development teams .

Changes can be noted by recording arrival and departure times directly on an employee 's time sheet , recording arrival and departure times on a centrally maintained timein/timeout log used by many employees , or noting the number of hours and minutes of the deviation in a record that the supervisor maintains .
changes can be noted by recording arrival and departure times directly on an employee 's time sheet , recording arrival and departure times on a centrally maintained timein/timeout log used by many employees , or noting the number of hours and minutes of the deviation in a record that the supervisor [remains/keeps] .

As previously noted , USDA maintains a link to this rule on its home page , and the organic standards site contains the text of the proposed rule , its regulatory impact statement , and instructions on how to submit comments and search the comments that had already been submitted .
as previously noted , usda [remains/keeps] a link to this rule on its home page , and the organic standards site contains the text of the proposed rule , its regulatory impact statement , and instructions on how to submit comments and search the comments that had already been submitted .

FDA responds in the preamble to the final rule to several comments it received and maintains its conclusion that the rule does not have a negative impact .
fda responds in the preamble to the final rule to several comments it received and [remains/keeps] its conclusion that the rule does not have a negative impact .

The preamble to the final rule discusses issues raised by various commenters in the areas of the use of self-service displays , vending machines , restrictions on sponsorship of events except in the corporate name and loss of employment and maintains its conclusion that there would be no `` taking '' under the Order .
the preamble to the final rule discusses issues raised by various commenters in the areas of the use of self-service displays , vending machines , restrictions on sponsorship of events except in the corporate name and loss of employment and [remains/keeps] its conclusion that there would be no `` taking '' under the order .

What Risks and Liabilities maintains the inhouse capabilities to perform the design reviewrelated Do Federal Agencies Face functions listed above .
what risks and liabilities [remains/keeps] the inhouse capabilities to perform the design reviewrelated do federal agencies face functions listed above .

To accomplish this monitoring , GAO maintains a database of open recommendations .
to accomplish this monitoring , gao [remains/keeps] a database of open recommendations .

The Department of Labor maintains an outreach program to raise public awareness about the advantages of saving and to help educate workers about how much they need to save for retirement .
the department of labor [remains/keeps] an outreach program to raise public awareness about the advantages of saving and to help educate workers about how much they need to save for retirement .

As mandated by the SAVER Act , the Department of Labor maintains an outreach program to raise public awareness about the advantages of saving and to help educate workers about how much they need to save for retirement .
as mandated by the saver act , the department of labor [remains/keeps] an outreach program to raise public awareness about the advantages of saving and to help educate workers about how much they need to save for retirement .

In particular : 1 ) The Postal Service itself owns and maintains many of the boxes-specifically those known as `` cluster '' boxes .
in particular : 1 ) the postal service itself owns and [remains/keeps] many of the boxes-specifically those known as `` cluster '' boxes .

The FDNY strongly maintains that there must have been a technical problem resulting from the impact of one of the planes , because they do not believe this chief would have switched channels without first so advising on the repeater channel .
the fdny strongly [remains/keeps] that there must have been a technical problem resulting from the impact of one of the planes , because they do not believe this chief would have switched channels without first so advising on the repeater channel .

It develops , procures , launches , and maintains in orbit information-gathering satellites that serve other government agencies .
it develops , procures , launches , and [remains/keeps] in orbit information-gathering satellites that serve other government agencies .

Al-Qa'ida members-including some who are US citizens-have resided in or traveled to the US for years , and the group apparently maintains a support structure that could aid attacks .
al-qa'ida members-including some who are us citizens-have resided in or traveled to the us for years , and the group apparently [remains/keeps] a support structure that could aid attacks .

Although Bin Ladin urged Nashiri to continue plotting strikes against U.S. interests in the Persian Gulf , Nashiri maintains that he actually delayed one of these projects because of security concerns.31Those concerns , it seems , were well placed , as Nashiri 's November 2002 capture in the United Arab Emirates finally ended his career as a terrorist .
although bin ladin urged nashiri to continue plotting strikes against u.s. interests in the persian gulf , nashiri [remains/keeps] that he actually delayed one of these projects because of security concerns.31those concerns , it seems , were well placed , as nashiri 's november 2002 capture in the united arab emirates finally ended his career as a terrorist .

He maintains that he and Yousef began thinking about using aircraft as weapons while working on the Manila air/Bojinka plot , and speculated about striking the World Trade Center and CIA headquarters as early as 1995 .
he [remains/keeps] that he and yousef began thinking about using aircraft as weapons while working on the manila air/bojinka plot , and speculated about striking the world trade center and cia headquarters as early as 1995 .

KSM maintains that he provided similar services for other mujahideen groups at this time , including the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group and a group headed by Abu Zubaydah .
ksm [remains/keeps] that he provided similar services for other mujahideen groups at this time , including the libyan islamic fighting group and a group headed by abu zubaydah .

KSM also maintains that he persuaded Hambali to focus on `` soft '' targets in Singapore , such as oil tankers , the U.S. and Israeli embassies , and Western airlines .
ksm also [remains/keeps] that he persuaded hambali to focus on `` soft '' targets in singapore , such as oil tankers , the u.s. and israeli embassies , and western airlines .

KSM maintains it was a coincidence .
ksm [remains/keeps] it was a coincidence .

Khallad maintains that Abu Bara did not participate in the casing operation and simply traveled to Kuala Lumpur as Khallad 's companion .
khallad [remains/keeps] that abu bara did not participate in the casing operation and simply traveled to kuala lumpur as khallad 's companion .

Bayoumi maintains that a visiting sheikh was the party 's principal honoree .
bayoumi [remains/keeps] that a visiting sheikh was the party 's principal honoree .

Recent reports by the United Nation 's Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) which maintains the world 's most complete global fisheries database , appear to validate the conclusions of these studies .
recent reports by the united nation 's food and agriculture organization ( fao ) which [remains/keeps] the world 's most complete global fisheries database , appear to validate the conclusions of these studies .

Most people with diabetes can , with diligence and perseverance , implement an insulin regimen that maintains tight glucose control while avoiding dangerous hypoglycemia .
most people with diabetes can , with diligence and perseverance , implement an insulin regimen that [remains/keeps] tight glucose control while avoiding dangerous hypoglycemia .

This money maintains the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships .
this money [remains/keeps] the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships .

The WP is the clearest about another : what to do about the 35,000 troops Syria maintains in Lebanon and about its support for anti-Israeli operations there conducted by the militant Islamic group , Hezbollah .
the wp is the clearest about another : what to do about the 35,000 troops syria [remains/keeps] in lebanon and about its support for anti-israeli operations there conducted by the militant islamic group , hezbollah .

California 's director of special education maintains that as many as 250,000 children have been incorrectly assessed as `` learning disabled '' and funneled into California 's special education programs simply because they were not taught to read .
california 's director of special education [remains/keeps] that as many as 250,000 children have been incorrectly assessed as `` learning disabled '' and funneled into california 's special education programs simply because they were not taught to read .

What 's striking , though , is how superbly he maintains the movie 's comic momentum even when he runs out of ideas .
what 's striking , though , is how superbly he [remains/keeps] the movie 's comic momentum even when he runs out of ideas .

Never close to this unassuming homemaker , Ellen returns reluctantly , at the behest of her father-mentor , an imposing professor of literature at a small , middling college who maintains that he 's too busy to tend to his wife .
never close to this unassuming homemaker , ellen returns reluctantly , at the behest of her father-mentor , an imposing professor of literature at a small , middling college who [remains/keeps] that he 's too busy to tend to his wife .

Today 's coverage reminds one that Alan Greenspan maintains the mystique of his brilliance by a sort of Delphic vocabulary favoring oblique metaphor over definite policy pronouncements .
today 's coverage reminds one that alan greenspan [remains/keeps] the mystique of his brilliance by a sort of delphic vocabulary favoring oblique metaphor over definite policy pronouncements .

Currently working out of Oliver North 's old office , Clarke maintains a lighthearted attitude toward the law that has not discouraged President Clinton from expanding counterterror activities into an $ 11 billion a year endeavor .
currently working out of oliver north 's old office , clarke [remains/keeps] a lighthearted attitude toward the law that has not discouraged president clinton from expanding counterterror activities into an $ 11 billion a year endeavor .

Yates maintains little contact with his district and made only token campaign appearances .
yates [remains/keeps] little contact with his district and made only token campaign appearances .

As one longtime Asia hand maintains , is `` the cause of the present problem in Indonesia not the International Monetary Fund or the cupidity of foreign corporations but Suharto , the living incarnation of Asian Family Values '' ?
as one longtime asia hand [remains/keeps] , is `` the cause of the present problem in indonesia not the international monetary fund or the cupidity of foreign corporations but suharto , the living incarnation of asian family values '' ?

Spot enforcement , well-publicized with blue flashing lights , is what maintains speed limits on the highway .
spot enforcement , well-publicized with blue flashing lights , is what [remains/keeps] speed limits on the highway .

Lee -- whose treatment of violence in his other movies is considerably more equivocal -- maintains a rare , moralistic distance .
lee -- whose treatment of violence in his other movies is considerably more equivocal -- [remains/keeps] a rare , moralistic distance .

Each of the declared presidential candidates maintains a sophisticated Web site that details positions on a wide range of critical issues .
each of the declared presidential candidates [remains/keeps] a sophisticated web site that details positions on a wide range of critical issues .

Woodward , who was convicted in Boston of the manslaughter of 8-month-old Matthew Eappen , is studying law at a university in London and maintains a close friendship with celebrity lawyer Barry Scheck ( he defended both Woodward and O.J .
woodward , who was convicted in boston of the manslaughter of 8-month-old matthew eappen , is studying law at a university in london and [remains/keeps] a close friendship with celebrity lawyer barry scheck ( he defended both woodward and o.j .

The International Herald Tribune maintains that the selection was a deliberate effort to ensure that Singapore 's head of state would come from one of its non-Chinese minorities .
the international herald tribune [remains/keeps] that the selection was a deliberate effort to ensure that singapore 's head of state would come from one of its non-chinese minorities .

An uncontrolled smallpox epidemic could be more deadly than a hydrogen bomb attack because the United States maintains only about 7 million doses of vaccine .
an uncontrolled smallpox epidemic could be more deadly than a hydrogen bomb attack because the united states [remains/keeps] only about 7 million doses of vaccine .

It maintains it continues to review its handling of the bond issues , many of which it inherited when it merged with Security Pacific Bank .
it [remains/keeps] it continues to review its handling of the bond issues , many of which it inherited when it merged with security pacific bank .

It also maintains a link to the Telegraph in its `` media links '' section .
it also [remains/keeps] a link to the telegraph in its `` media links '' section .

The site also maintains an online archive packed with Whitewater columns .
the site also [remains/keeps] an online archive packed with whitewater columns .

Even though French maintains its dominance in Quebec , radical Francophones feel threatened .
even though french [remains/keeps] its dominance in quebec , radical francophones feel threatened .

It astonishes me that Ann Douglas , in `` Psycho Dramas , '' her review of the Sam Tanenhaus biography of Whittaker Chambers , acknowledges that Chambers was right about everything , but still maintains the old liberal condescension for this perennially maligned figure .
it astonishes me that ann douglas , in `` psycho dramas , '' her review of the sam tanenhaus biography of whittaker chambers , acknowledges that chambers was right about everything , but still [remains/keeps] the old liberal condescension for this perennially maligned figure .

This comes after the committee sent Clinton 81 questions , and Clinton responded this weekend with written answers that conceded nothing new ( e.g. , he maintains he did not have sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky and did not lie under oath about this ) .
this comes after the committee sent clinton 81 questions , and clinton responded this weekend with written answers that conceded nothing new ( e.g. , he [remains/keeps] he did not have sexual relations with monica lewinsky and did not lie under oath about this ) .

An essay lavishly praises antitrust law , which maintains open competitive markets with a minimum of government interference .
an essay lavishly praises antitrust law , which [remains/keeps] open competitive markets with a minimum of government interference .

Newsweek buys the argument in part but maintains that good parenting is still important .
newsweek buys the argument in part but [remains/keeps] that good parenting is still important .

McDonald 's still maintains a 42-percent market share compared with Burger King 's 19 percent .
mcdonald 's still [remains/keeps] a 42-percent market share compared with burger king 's 19 percent .

Newsweek 's war preview includes a map listing U.S. weaponry and its concentrations , thumbnail sketches of American military commanders , a short essay from Madeleine Albright explaining the need for a military strike , and a story on Saddam Hussein 's intricate security measures ( he maintains surgically altered body doubles ) .
newsweek 's war preview includes a map listing u.s. weaponry and its concentrations , thumbnail sketches of american military commanders , a short essay from madeleine albright explaining the need for a military strike , and a story on saddam hussein 's intricate security measures ( he [remains/keeps] surgically altered body doubles ) .

All six of America 's top-ranking male players got their higher education thanks to the splendid network of colleges and universities that their home state maintains .
all six of america 's top-ranking male players got their higher education thanks to the splendid network of colleges and universities that their home state [remains/keeps] .

Executives give conflicting explanations about the purpose of the information collected : One claims that RealNetworks is only recording aggregate information , while another maintains that the data is used to identify `` sophisticated '' users and steer them toward the program 's advanced features .
executives give conflicting explanations about the purpose of the information collected : one claims that realnetworks is only recording aggregate information , while another [remains/keeps] that the data is used to identify `` sophisticated '' users and steer them toward the program 's advanced features .

Ballard , annexed by Seattle many years ago , maintains its culture and loyalties without much consideration for national or civic boundaries .
ballard , annexed by seattle many years ago , [remains/keeps] its culture and loyalties without much consideration for national or civic boundaries .

U.S. policy has been determined by wrong American ideas about political democracy , it maintains .
u.s. policy has been determined by wrong american ideas about political democracy , it [remains/keeps] .

The conservative Daily Telegraph saw the widening clash -- in which Iraq announced it would no longer cooperate with U.N. inspectors -- as a Middle East vs. West face-off , prompted by Saddam Hussein : `` Iraq maintains that the inspection regime is being abused by the Americans and by Britain to maintain the embargo indefinitely . ''
the conservative daily telegraph saw the widening clash -- in which iraq announced it would no longer cooperate with u.n. inspectors -- as a middle east vs. west face-off , prompted by saddam hussein : `` iraq [remains/keeps] that the inspection regime is being abused by the americans and by britain to maintain the embargo indefinitely . ''

Two , trying to ensure that the U.N. maintains a united front against Iraq .
two , trying to ensure that the u.n. [remains/keeps] a united front against iraq .

His father is different , he maintains , by dint of his Brooklyn roots .
his father is different , he [remains/keeps] , by dint of his brooklyn roots .

Plastination , as the preservation method is called , involves the replacement of blood by a colored polymer , which maintains its shape as the flesh is gradually removed .
plastination , as the preservation method is called , involves the replacement of blood by a colored polymer , which [remains/keeps] its shape as the flesh is gradually removed .

Meanwhile Robert Novak ( Capital Gang ) maintains that Starr ca n't be the source of the leaks because if the independent prosecutor wanted to leak something , he 'd leak it to Robert Novak .
meanwhile robert novak ( capital gang ) [remains/keeps] that starr ca n't be the source of the leaks because if the independent prosecutor wanted to leak something , he 'd leak it to robert novak .

Panelist Evan Thomas has n't seen the film , but on the basis of conversations with his Newsweek friends , he maintains that the film is anti-Clinton .
panelist evan thomas has n't seen the film , but on the basis of conversations with his newsweek friends , he [remains/keeps] that the film is anti-clinton .

The Enquirer maintains that Gore 's adherence to the Atkins diet has `` dumbed him down '' and `` impacted his thought processes '' : The avowed environmentalist is eating steak and recently approved a resumption of whaling .
the enquirer [remains/keeps] that gore 's adherence to the atkins diet has `` dumbed him down '' and `` impacted his thought processes '' : the avowed environmentalist is eating steak and recently approved a resumption of whaling .

Despite the fact that he was dismissed and abandoned by Clinton , and despite the fact that he turned his notes over to the Thompson committee , the younger Ickes maintains `` unshakable '' faith in Clinton .
despite the fact that he was dismissed and abandoned by clinton , and despite the fact that he turned his notes over to the thompson committee , the younger ickes [remains/keeps] `` unshakable '' faith in clinton .

Publicly , he maintains the Wasp proprieties -- a stiff upper lip , a stiff drink , the rattle of small talk .
publicly , he [remains/keeps] the wasp proprieties -- a stiff upper lip , a stiff drink , the rattle of small talk .

This school , which is growing in influence among academics , judges , and legislators , maintains that the object of criminal trials must be the truth .
this school , which is growing in influence among academics , judges , and legislators , [remains/keeps] that the object of criminal trials must be the truth .

Gore now maintains that while his view of the morality of abortion has evolved , he has always stood behind Roe v. Wade .
gore now [remains/keeps] that while his view of the morality of abortion has evolved , he has always stood behind roe v. wade .

USAT fronts , and the other papers stuff , the finding announced yesterday by the foundation that maintains Thomas Jefferson 's home and the preponderance of documentary materials relating to him , that , yes , he almost surely fathered one of his slave Sally Hemings ' six children and probably all six of them .
usat fronts , and the other papers stuff , the finding announced yesterday by the foundation that [remains/keeps] thomas jefferson 's home and the preponderance of documentary materials relating to him , that , yes , he almost surely fathered one of his slave sally hemings ' six children and probably all six of them .

Weld , however , maintains the fight is about the party 's soul , even as Republican moderates protest it is n't .
weld , however , [remains/keeps] the fight is about the party 's soul , even as republican moderates protest it is n't .

Krugman maintains that no such shift is taking place .
krugman [remains/keeps] that no such shift is taking place .

One of my colleagues maintains that there 's no real inconsistency here .
one of my colleagues [remains/keeps] that there 's no real inconsistency here .

Though the number of maternal deaths during childbirth is small ( 327 nationwide in 1997 ) , Surgeon General Dr. David Thatcher maintains that the persistent disparity is cause for concern .
though the number of maternal deaths during childbirth is small ( 327 nationwide in 1997 ) , surgeon general dr. david thatcher [remains/keeps] that the persistent disparity is cause for concern .

The Star , meanwhile , maintains that Jerry Seinfeld 's new fiancee , Jessica Sklar , `` is n't wasting any time '' spending her intended 's $ 250 million fortune .
the star , meanwhile , [remains/keeps] that jerry seinfeld 's new fiancee , jessica sklar , `` is n't wasting any time '' spending her intended 's $ 250 million fortune .

Bush maintains an air of ease and good humor , as though the exchange is friendly .
bush [remains/keeps] an air of ease and good humor , as though the exchange is friendly .

Privacy : Both Bush 's and McCain 's banner ads were developed by Aristotle Publishing , a political firm that maintains up-to-date voter lists and sells them to campaigns for use in various kinds of voter targeting , from direct mail to door-to-door canvassing .
privacy : both bush 's and mccain 's banner ads were developed by aristotle publishing , a political firm that [remains/keeps] up-to-date voter lists and sells them to campaigns for use in various kinds of voter targeting , from direct mail to door-to-door canvassing .

Today , the Jewish state maintains only a thin security zone in southern Lebanon ; deeper in Lebanon , Hezbollah guerillas now operate openly in territory once policed by Israeli forces .
today , the jewish state [remains/keeps] only a thin security zone in southern lebanon ; deeper in lebanon , hezbollah guerillas now operate openly in territory once policed by israeli forces .

According to the Wall Street Journal , the Florida-based Registry for College and University Presidents maintains a list of 55 retired college presidents who are ready to lead academic institutions around the country on an interim basis .
according to the wall street journal , the florida-based registry for college and university presidents [remains/keeps] a list of 55 retired college presidents who are ready to lead academic institutions around the country on an interim basis .

Bean 's catalog , the company must charge you sales tax if you live in Maine ( or any other state ) , where it maintains a place of business .
bean 's catalog , the company must charge you sales tax if you live in maine ( or any other state ) , where it [remains/keeps] a place of business .

When you make a 10-minute long-distance voice call , the phone company maintains an open circuit from end to end .
when you make a 10-minute long-distance voice call , the phone company [remains/keeps] an open circuit from end to end .

Lamberth still believes that Magaziner deliberately misled the court and that government lawyers acted in `` bad faith , '' and he maintains that the appeals court might have issued an injunction against the task force and working groups if Magaziner had not made his now-famous one-sentence declaration .
lamberth still believes that magaziner deliberately misled the court and that government lawyers acted in `` bad faith , '' and he [remains/keeps] that the appeals court might have issued an injunction against the task force and working groups if magaziner had not made his now-famous one-sentence declaration .

Russia still maintains military bases near its border , and Estonia relies on Russian oil and gas .
russia still [remains/keeps] military bases near its border , and estonia relies on russian oil and gas .

Russia still maintains thousands of troops in Georgia .
russia still [remains/keeps] thousands of troops in georgia .

McLaren maintains that because Texas was illegally annexed , Texans are not U.S. citizens , have no obligation to obey federal laws , and are owed war reparations by the federal government .
mclaren [remains/keeps] that because texas was illegally annexed , texans are not u.s. citizens , have no obligation to obey federal laws , and are owed war reparations by the federal government .

Through it all , Morris maintains that what he was doing was really very high-minded .
through it all , morris [remains/keeps] that what he was doing was really very high-minded .

Gramm maintains a presence in the spot via a chyron ( text on the screen ) : `` The Gramm Plan . ''
gramm [remains/keeps] a presence in the spot via a chyron ( text on the screen ) : `` the gramm plan . ''

Elsewhere in the codex , he maintains that only moving water produces pressure at the bottom , reasoning that the still water of a pond , after all , does not press down the grasses that grow on the bottom .
elsewhere in the codex , he [remains/keeps] that only moving water produces pressure at the bottom , reasoning that the still water of a pond , after all , does not press down the grasses that grow on the bottom .

Overhype implies there is some normal level of `` hypeness , '' like body temperature or blood pressure , which in healthy individuals and societies maintains a certain constancy , but which can rise or fall to dangerous levels .
overhype implies there is some normal level of `` hypeness , '' like body temperature or blood pressure , which in healthy individuals and societies [remains/keeps] a certain constancy , but which can rise or fall to dangerous levels .

USAT reports the UPS deal is for a five-year contract that increases the base wage for part-timers and expands the number of full-time slots yet maintains the current multi-employer pension plan structure , although , according to the NYT , with some changes that officials would n't describe .
usat reports the ups deal is for a five-year contract that increases the base wage for part-timers and expands the number of full-time slots yet [remains/keeps] the current multi-employer pension plan structure , although , according to the nyt , with some changes that officials would n't describe .

Anagram update : William Tunstall-Pedoe , who maintains the Anagram Genius site ( and whose own name sounds like an anagram for something else ) informs Chatterbox that the author of the anagram praised in this space last week ( see `` Beyond 'God ' and 'Dog ' `` ) is one Martin Eiger .
anagram update : william tunstall-pedoe , who [remains/keeps] the anagram genius site ( and whose own name sounds like an anagram for something else ) informs chatterbox that the author of the anagram praised in this space last week ( see `` beyond 'god ' and 'dog ' `` ) is one martin eiger .

Kelley maintains that Walters shared contemporaneous accounts of the encounter with friends .
kelley [remains/keeps] that walters shared contemporaneous accounts of the encounter with friends .

Microsoft maintains that he did nothing of the sort .
microsoft [remains/keeps] that he did nothing of the sort .

Psychologist Kay Redfield Jamison , in Touched With Fire : Manic-Depressive Illness and the Artistic Temperament , maintains that mania is an essential driving force for many artists .
psychologist kay redfield jamison , in touched with fire : manic-depressive illness and the artistic temperament , [remains/keeps] that mania is an essential driving force for many artists .

Public strikes , particularly ones blocking traffic and commerce , are a regular event here , making it somewhat of a mystery how Belgium maintains its high living standard .
public strikes , particularly ones blocking traffic and commerce , are a regular event here , making it somewhat of a mystery how belgium [remains/keeps] its high living standard .

So the paper maintains that the only thing to do is for Congress to open a formal impeachment inquiry .
so the paper [remains/keeps] that the only thing to do is for congress to open a formal impeachment inquiry .

Webster , on the contrary , stubbornly maintains that the origin of the word is unknown and shows the Whigs in a favourable light by presenting them as the advocates of popular rights during the English Civil War and as the friends and supporters of the war and principles of revolution during the revolution in the United States .
webster , on the contrary , stubbornly [remains/keeps] that the origin of the word is unknown and shows the whigs in a favourable light by presenting them as the advocates of popular rights during the english civil war and as the friends and supporters of the war and principles of revolution during the revolution in the united states .

Henry Porter , in a disapproving article in The Guardian Weekly for May 21 , 1995 , quotes the Prince as declaring , We must act now to ensure that English -- and that to my way of thinking means English English -- maintains its position as the world language .
henry porter , in a disapproving article in the guardian weekly for may 21 , 1995 , quotes the prince as declaring , we must act now to ensure that english -- and that to my way of thinking means english english -- [remains/keeps] its position as the world language .

An old friend of mine who worked on the Guardian maintains that we ought to be thankful that Arthur Mee 's Children 's Newspaper is no longer with us .
an old friend of mine who worked on the guardian [remains/keeps] that we ought to be thankful that arthur mee 's children 's newspaper is no longer with us .

This message has been appearing on the screen with that misspelling for the past two years ( or more ) , and the cable company maintains that the card bearing the message is provided to them with the proviso that it be transmitted as is .
this message has been appearing on the screen with that misspelling for the past two years ( or more ) , and the cable company [remains/keeps] that the card bearing the message is provided to them with the proviso that it be transmitted as is .

Then , too , the speaker who maintains eye contact with members of his audience can readily detect lack of understanding or confusion ( the “ knitted-brow signal ” ) and , if a good speaker , can take an idea and phrase it in another way to make it more readily understandable .
then , too , the speaker who [remains/keeps] eye contact with members of his audience can readily detect lack of understanding or confusion ( the “ knitted-brow signal ” ) and , if a good speaker , can take an idea and phrase it in another way to make it more readily understandable .

The U.S. Board on Geographic Names has compiled and maintains a massive national database , the Geographic Names Information System [ GNIS ] .
the u.s. board on geographic names has compiled and [remains/keeps] a massive national database , the geographic names information system [ gnis ] .

As “ wholesale dealers in words , ’ the author maintains , lawyers are masters of “ planned confusion. ’ Witness the lawyer 's addiction to it would seem , it may well be , and the like .
as “ wholesale dealers in words , ’ the author [remains/keeps] , lawyers are masters of “ planned confusion. ’ witness the lawyer 's addiction to it would seem , it may well be , and the like .

In short , he maintains command , investing his exposition with all the authority that he can muster .
in short , he [remains/keeps] command , investing his exposition with all the authority that he can muster .

Throughout , Bailey properly maintains the clinical view of the scholarly observer , and I could find little evidence , even in the selection of extracts , indicating where his personal preferences lie .
throughout , bailey properly [remains/keeps] the clinical view of the scholarly observer , and i could find little evidence , even in the selection of extracts , indicating where his personal preferences lie .

He maintains Mayan is a rare form of Slurvian created by adding an extra syllable .
he [remains/keeps] mayan is a rare form of slurvian created by adding an extra syllable .

