The annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent .
the annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the organization for economic cooperation and development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the [work] of the nuclear deterrent .

`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
`` when and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the [work] of its educational program and facilities , emory university will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the university without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of christian higher education '' .

Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here .
over 400 portland firms contributed funds for the [work] of junior achievement headquarters here .

The city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at Eddy and Elm Streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the Providence River .
the city sewer [work] division said efforts will be made sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at eddy and elm streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the providence river .

Another hoodlum , Louis Arger , drew $39,000 from Stein's janitor firm , the National Maintenance company , in three years ending in 1959 , Stein disclosed in an interview .
another hoodlum , louis arger , drew $39,000 from stein's janitor firm , the national [work] company , in three years ending in 1959 , stein disclosed in an interview .

Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St. .
under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to stein's national [work] company at 543 madison st. .

Stein said he needed the money , Leavitt said , to `` meet the payroll '' at National Maintenance company .
stein said he needed the money , leavitt said , to `` meet the payroll '' at national [work] company .

Commenting on the earlier stage , the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative decision-making ) noted that the term `` teacher-employee '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not inapt description .
commenting on the earlier stage , the notre dame chapter of the american association of university professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative decision-making ) noted that the term `` teacher-employee '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` [work] employee '' ) was a not inapt description .

Certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue .
certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for [work] of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road [work] bond issue .

It includes a raise in the county minimum wage , creation of several new jobs at the executive level , financing of beefed-up industrial development efforts , and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare , fire protection , sanitation and road maintenance .
it includes a raise in the county minimum wage , creation of several new jobs at the executive level , financing of beefed-up industrial development efforts , and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare , fire protection , sanitation and road [work] .

Craft unions seek work that industrial unions claim , such as factory maintenance .
craft unions seek work that industrial unions claim , such as factory [work] .

Indications are that Khrushchev ( and , with him , the bulk of the Soviet people ) favor peaceful coexistence and ( with the exception of Berlin ) the maintenance of the status quo in the world .
indications are that khrushchev ( and , with him , the bulk of the soviet people ) favor peaceful coexistence and ( with the exception of berlin ) the [work] of the status quo in the world .

But such a reaction obscures the powerful efforts made in the past by both NAREB and its local boards for the maintenance of restrictive clauses and practices .
but such a reaction obscures the powerful efforts made in the past by both nareb and its local boards for the [work] of restrictive clauses and practices .

Relevant `` facts '' , however , extend beyond considerations of property values and maintenance of `` harmonious '' neighborhoods .
relevant `` facts '' , however , extend beyond considerations of property values and [work] of `` harmonious '' neighborhoods .

Set-up and maintenance
set-up and [work]

Look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera .
look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of [work] , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera .

The direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area .
the direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your [work] and operation of the area .

Finally , maintenance costs on plastic signs are much lower than on fragile neon signs .
finally , [work] costs on plastic signs are much lower than on fragile neon signs .

A detachment of six men from the 701st Chemical Maintenance Company under First Lt. Howard D. Beckstrom went aboard , followed by Lt. Thomas H. Richardson , the Cargo Security Officer .
a detachment of six men from the 701st chemical [work] company under first lt. howard d. beckstrom went aboard , followed by lt. thomas h. richardson , the cargo security officer .

Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home maintenance .
circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home [work] .

She served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance .
she served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and [work] .

The fundamental difficulty of which the Selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded Hough , `` will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the maintenance of discipline , and the reception or exclusion of testimony '' .
the fundamental difficulty of which the selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded hough , `` will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the [work] of discipline , and the reception or exclusion of testimony '' .

Then Miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate maintenance that had been pending , and asking for divorce on the grounds of cruelty , with the understanding that Wright would not contest it .
then miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate [work] that had been pending , and asking for divorce on the grounds of cruelty , with the understanding that wright would not contest it .

The automobile maintenance unit , or motor pool , came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time .
the automobile [work] unit , or motor pool , came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized [work] and management of state-owned transportation since that time .

Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .
twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or [work] of state-owned vehicles .

It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation .
it met these problems by the creation of the state automobile [work] unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized operation for the [work] and control of all state transportation .

Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis .
whereas the [work] rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis .

One indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956 , while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35% , the total maintenance cost increased only 11% .
one indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956 , while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35% , the total [work] cost increased only 11% .

This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .
this tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where [work] costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .

for example , if one driver puts on 22,000 miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year , their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years , rather than 44,000 miles ( and related higher maintenance costs ) and 16,000 miles respectively '' .
for example , if one driver puts on 22,000 miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year , their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years , rather than 44,000 miles ( and related higher [work] costs ) and 16,000 miles respectively '' .

It handles all types of vehicle maintenance , but concentrates more on `` service station activities '' than on extensive vehicle repairs .
it handles all types of vehicle [work] , but concentrates more on `` service station activities '' than on extensive vehicle repairs .

Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses .
where the pool excels is in its compilation of [work] and cost-data studies and analyses .

and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by general motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the [work] of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .

The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed .
the objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only [work] control will be needed .

Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .
because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the secretary of commerce with [work] provided by the states and counties , this development program for the national forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .

Construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture .
construction and [work] of this system is a responsibility of the secretary of agriculture .

Provide maintenance to full standards on the 268,900 miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period .
provide [work] to full standards on the 268,900 miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period .

Operation and maintenance .
operation and [work] .

The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment .
the increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of [work] required for newer weapons and equipment .

The Government of India agrees to furnish , upon request of the United States of America , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .
the government of india agrees to furnish , upon request of the united states of america , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the [work] of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .

However , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs .
however , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and [work] costs .

The maintenance of Midwest Conference eligibility standards
the [work] of midwest conference eligibility standards

For the maintenance of a long-term program , the departments , and particularly their chairmen , are strategic .
for the [work] of a long-term program , the departments , and particularly their chairmen , are strategic .

Religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation .
religion is vitally necessary in both societal [work] and regulation .

Maintenance of the status quo might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today .
[work] of the status quo might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today .

Since morale is closely related to pattern maintenance and integration , the higher the morale and solidarity , the better the system can solve the problems of the system .
since morale is closely related to pattern [work] and integration , the higher the morale and solidarity , the better the system can solve the problems of the system .

Boundary maintenance
boundary [work]

Boundary maintenance .
boundary [work] .

`` Culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values internalized by members of the group '' is operative in the boundary maintenance of the group as well as in the process of socialization .
`` culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values internalized by members of the group '' is operative in the boundary [work] of the group as well as in the process of socialization .

The process of boundary maintenance identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems , and the characteristic interaction is maintained .
the process of boundary [work] identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems , and the characteristic interaction is maintained .

As the threat of encroachment on the system increases , the `` probability of applied boundary maintenance mechanisms increases '' .
as the threat of encroachment on the system increases , the `` probability of applied boundary [work] mechanisms increases '' .

`` Increased boundary maintenance may be achieved , for example , by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern .
`` increased boundary [work] may be achieved , for example , by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern .

'' Boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social , as is the preference for endogamy .
'' boundary [work] for this group would seem to be primarily social , as is the preference for endogamy .

Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit .
where boundary [work] describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit .

This leads to efforts at exclusiveness through private schools and to the maintenance of social stratification in the schools .
this leads to efforts at exclusiveness through private schools and to the [work] of social stratification in the schools .

High-tension industrial power service , for example , would not be charged with any share of the maintenance costs or capital costs of the low-tension distribution lines .
high-tension industrial power service , for example , would not be charged with any share of the [work] costs or capital costs of the low-tension distribution lines .

But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity .
but the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual [work] and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity .

The Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its maintenance .
the manchester depot sewer company issued 214 shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its [work] .

Of course On Thursday , Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife Lolly , and wished the stranger could do something about her
of course on thursday , haney mailed the monthly check for separate [work] to his wife lolly , and wished the stranger could do something about her

As she matured , more and more neural synapses would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the maintenance and running of a space ship .
as she matured , more and more neural synapses would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the [work] and running of a space ship .

Ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet , and Yokosuka was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance , upkeep and shore liberty .
ships from the west coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the seventh fleet , and yokosuka was the seventh fleet's principal port for [work] , upkeep and shore liberty .

The heir to the Blenheim Palace Estate is facing a jail sentence for failing to make maintenance payments to his wife Becky who lives at Kiddington in Oxfordshire .
the heir to the blenheim palace estate is facing a jail sentence for failing to make [work] payments to his wife becky who lives at kiddington in oxfordshire .

The heir to the Blenheim Palace Estate was being sought after failing to pay more than ten thousand pounds in maintenance arrears to his wife Becky , who lives at Kiddington in Oxfordshire .
the heir to the blenheim palace estate was being sought after failing to pay more than ten thousand pounds in [work] arrears to his wife becky , who lives at kiddington in oxfordshire .

The last public appearance of Jamie Blandford could n't be much further from the role of a young aristocrat … in the firm grip of the law and on his way to Pentonville , for not paying his wife ten thousand pounds maintenance …
the last public appearance of jamie blandford could n't be much further from the role of a young aristocrat … in the firm grip of the law and on his way to pentonville , for not paying his wife ten thousand pounds [work] …

we 've had explosions where the fuel system has been at fault . That comes down to bad maintenance
we 've had explosions where the fuel system has been at fault . that comes down to bad [work]

Kemble has been a Maintenance base since it was commissioned in ninteen thirty eight .
kemble has been a [work] base since it was commissioned in ninteen thirty eight .

45 maintenance and support personnel were on the flight from Saudi Arabia .
45 [work] and support personnel were on the flight from saudi arabia .

The jets came home and then the maintenance and support staff .
the jets came home and then the [work] and support staff .

Some spending chiefs see cuts desirable , especially in school maintenance budgets .
some spending chiefs see cuts desirable , especially in school [work] budgets .

It was a thank you to the 70 maintenance crew who have serviced the planes at the base for the last 22 years .
it was a thank you to the 70 [work] crew who have serviced the planes at the base for the last 22 years .

He said asking workmen to undertake general maintenance work did not mean they were going back on their word .
he said asking workmen to undertake general [work] work did not mean they were going back on their word .

The public may best remember its airshows , but history 's more likely to credit Abingdon with the vital maintenance work it carried out on Allied aircraft from World War Two to the Gulf conflict .
the public may best remember its airshows , but history 's more likely to credit abingdon with the vital [work] work it carried out on allied aircraft from world war two to the gulf conflict .

So they cut his maintenance payments from four pounds a week to the minimum five pence a year .
so they cut his [work] payments from four pounds a week to the minimum five pence a year .

The ruling was made because five pence is the minimum the court can award while keeping the maintenance order active . The idea is should Mr Marsden find work his payments can be readjusted
the ruling was made because five pence is the minimum the court can award while keeping the [work] order active . the idea is should mr marsden find work his payments can be readjusted

It 's also been a favourite with the maintenance crews .
it 's also been a favourite with the [work] crews .

Rex is now negotiating to undertake maintenance work on peace time service graves in the the county .
rex is now negotiating to undertake [work] work on peace time service graves in the the county .

She also got a court order for maintenance .
she also got a court order for [work] .

She also got a court order for maintenance .
she also got a court order for [work] .

City tried hard to get back into it but their task was always going to be maintenance , although Paul Hackett struck a good goal in a move involving several players , to reduce the area on seventy four minutes .
city tried hard to get back into it but their task was always going to be [work] , although paul hackett struck a good goal in a move involving several players , to reduce the area on seventy four minutes .

you know that yourself , it might be maintenance
you know that yourself , it might be [work]

Yeah , guess you 'll have to , is that covered on our maintenance ? .
yeah , guess you 'll have to , is that covered on our [work] ? .

It 's been useful for their maintenance .
it 's been useful for their [work] .

Erm most were dozing as the minibus headed home in the small hours from the ni the school 's prom concert at the Royal Albert Hall in London , the impact as the Ford Transit driven by the teacher Emma Fry thirty five , ploughed into the back of a stationary motorway maintenance lorry
erm most were dozing as the minibus headed home in the small hours from the ni the school 's prom concert at the royal albert hall in london , the impact as the ford transit driven by the teacher emma fry thirty five , ploughed into the back of a stationary motorway [work] lorry

Maggie Thatcher had told them to do , they have n't realized that owning your home like you know you buy it off the Council or things like that , it ends there , they 're forgetting the maintenance part of it you know
maggie thatcher had told them to do , they have n't realized that owning your home like you know you buy it off the council or things like that , it ends there , they 're forgetting the [work] part of it you know

Yeah , but they 're also forgetting as well it is n't just the maintenance that it 's a long term commitment to paying
yeah , but they 're also forgetting as well it is n't just the [work] that it 's a long term commitment to paying

Maintenance on the
[work] on the

and we 'll sort it out ourselves and what they do , if a customer says oh there 's a phone that 's broke , or it 's not working or something like that , they 'll say oh okay we 'll get in touch with the maintenance for you , you see , cos he 's making nowt out of it , if you say we dropped the phone and broke it , well we 'll send a and then they send an engin one of their blokes out with a replacement phone and charge him for a new one , once they say wants some re-programming doing , oh yeah were sending an engineer round and they get , the dealer then gets the money for it so all we get is the flack end of it you know so we , a service contract it 's priced because , low because you know you 're gon na make a bit on moves and changes
and we 'll sort it out ourselves and what they do , if a customer says oh there 's a phone that 's broke , or it 's not working or something like that , they 'll say oh okay we 'll get in touch with the [work] for you , you see , cos he 's making nowt out of it , if you say we dropped the phone and broke it , well we 'll send a and then they send an engin one of their blokes out with a replacement phone and charge him for a new one , once they say wants some re-programming doing , oh yeah were sending an engineer round and they get , the dealer then gets the money for it so all we get is the flack end of it you know so we , a service contract it 's priced because , low because you know you 're gon na make a bit on moves and changes

Probably got a bit of maintenance wire somewhere .
probably got a bit of [work] wire somewhere .

‘ Whether embodied in judges , a statutory ombudsman or a tariff of fines , the law is no more capable of compelling editors to observe a statutory code than of extracting maintenance for children from fathers not supporting their families , ’ he said .
‘ whether embodied in judges , a statutory ombudsman or a tariff of fines , the law is no more capable of compelling editors to observe a statutory code than of extracting [work] for children from fathers not supporting their families , ’ he said .

MacGregor did not agree but he was prepared to consider ‘ the possibilities of enabling franchisers to take on more ’ , such as maintenance depots , control of stations and some involvement in the track operation .
macgregor did not agree but he was prepared to consider ‘ the possibilities of enabling franchisers to take on more ’ , such as [work] depots , control of stations and some involvement in the track operation .

The firm are in the last two months of a three-year maintenance contract for work in the Capital 's central area , including the repainting of the Ross Fountain in Princes Street Gardens .
the firm are in the last two months of a three-year [work] contract for work in the capital 's central area , including the repainting of the ross fountain in princes street gardens .

He will tour the school 's car maintenance department where pupils learn basic mechanics .
he will tour the school 's car [work] department where pupils learn basic mechanics .

Other factors , like the economic standards of communities , the design , quality , management and maintenance of houses had to be examined .
other factors , like the economic standards of communities , the design , quality , management and [work] of houses had to be examined .

This requires would-be clients to make an initial minimum deposit of $10,000 — £7,150 — pay an annual account maintenance charge of $100 , plus an additional $5 a month if the account falls below $5,000 ( which can be avoided by placing two commissionable trades a year ) .
this requires would-be clients to make an initial minimum deposit of $10,000 — £7,150 — pay an annual account [work] charge of $100 , plus an additional $5 a month if the account falls below $5,000 ( which can be avoided by placing two commissionable trades a year ) .

So far , his efforts to set up a maintenance fund for Bemersyde have met with limited success .
so far , his efforts to set up a [work] fund for bemersyde have met with limited success .

‘ The association will continue to press the arguments because if the terms for maintenance funds could be improved more people would take advantage of them .
‘ the association will continue to press the arguments because if the terms for [work] funds could be improved more people would take advantage of them .

At its peak of activity in spring of last year , Scott Lithgow employed 900 people but at present the workforce numbers just 25 involved in care and maintenance .
at its peak of activity in spring of last year , scott lithgow employed 900 people but at present the workforce numbers just 25 involved in care and [work] .

It 's the other stuff like repairs and maintenance you have to carry out .
it 's the other stuff like repairs and [work] you have to carry out .

He said : ‘ Older vehicles can be operated satisfactorily given appropriate maintenance , but eventually this becomes uneconomic . ’
he said : ‘ older vehicles can be operated satisfactorily given appropriate [work] , but eventually this becomes uneconomic . ’

Mr Peter Bergg for the Liberal Democrats , Mr Michael Fallon for the Conservatives and Mr Alan Milburn for Labour meet at St. Cuthbert 's Church Centre tomorrow at 8pm to discuss homelessness , overseas aid , prison overcrowding , the maintenance of peace and electoral reform .
mr peter bergg for the liberal democrats , mr michael fallon for the conservatives and mr alan milburn for labour meet at st. cuthbert 's church centre tomorrow at 8pm to discuss homelessness , overseas aid , prison overcrowding , the [work] of peace and electoral reform .

One source told The Scotsman yesterday that if the situation deteriorated further , the pit might have to be closed temporarily and kept on a care and maintenance basis only .
one source told the scotsman yesterday that if the situation deteriorated further , the pit might have to be closed temporarily and kept on a care and [work] basis only .

So many track workers have been allowed to go that in some parts of the country we are not able to put gangs together to work on a proper maintenance programme .
so many track workers have been allowed to go that in some parts of the country we are not able to put gangs together to work on a proper [work] programme .

The objective had been to build seven nuclear bombs — the minimum necessary for testing purposes and for the maintenance of a credible deterrent capability .
the objective had been to build seven nuclear bombs — the minimum necessary for testing purposes and for the [work] of a credible deterrent capability .

Six of them — Bevercotes , Clipstone , Easington , Rossington , Shirebrook and Westoe — are to be mothballed on a care and maintenance programme but producing no coal .
six of them — bevercotes , clipstone , easington , rossington , shirebrook and westoe — are to be mothballed on a care and [work] programme but producing no coal .

Although the alarms looked inexpensive , there were concerns that providing them would saddle landlords with ongoing maintenance costs .
although the alarms looked inexpensive , there were concerns that providing them would saddle landlords with ongoing [work] costs .

Costs previously carried as a contribution to woodland maintenance , heritage and amenity will no longer be borne as owners seek to comply with the new requirements .
costs previously carried as a contribution to woodland [work] , heritage and amenity will no longer be borne as owners seek to comply with the new requirements .

The restriction will also apply to related allowances — the additional personal allowance ( which goes mainly to single parents ) ; the widow 's bereavement allowance ( which is paid to a widow in the year of her husband 's death and in the following year ) ; and the relief for maintenance payments to a divorced or separated spouse .
the restriction will also apply to related allowances — the additional personal allowance ( which goes mainly to single parents ) ; the widow 's bereavement allowance ( which is paid to a widow in the year of her husband 's death and in the following year ) ; and the relief for [work] payments to a divorced or separated spouse .

Now another survey is to be carried out to establish the amount of damage and the expected costs of maintenance .
now another survey is to be carried out to establish the amount of damage and the expected costs of [work] .

The unused viaducts — all listed buildings — are among 50 redundant structures being advertised by the British Rail Property Board , hoping to attract interest from wealthy enthusiasts or environmental groups and is offering £70,000 contribution towards initial maintenance costs .
the unused viaducts — all listed buildings — are among 50 redundant structures being advertised by the british rail property board , hoping to attract interest from wealthy enthusiasts or environmental groups and is offering £70,000 contribution towards initial [work] costs .

The authority has already warned that ending maintenance will probably lead to terminal deterioration , leaving a decaying structure full of rusting machinery .
the authority has already warned that ending [work] will probably lead to terminal deterioration , leaving a decaying structure full of rusting machinery .

In both cases , turf maintenance is high on the agenda — and head groundsman Steve Tingley is already is Paris .
in both cases , turf [work] is high on the agenda — and head groundsman steve tingley is already is paris .

In other words users of all types , from motor-cyclists to the owners of the heaviest vehicles , pay almost two and a half times as much in taxes as is spent on all road costs from building , maintenance and signs , right down to the provision of police , traffic wardens and even grass cutting and hedge-trimming of the verges .
in other words users of all types , from motor-cyclists to the owners of the heaviest vehicles , pay almost two and a half times as much in taxes as is spent on all road costs from building , [work] and signs , right down to the provision of police , traffic wardens and even grass cutting and hedge-trimming of the verges .

Supply and maintenance of two-way radio communication equipment .
supply and [work] of two-way radio communication equipment .

Her son went straight to the town hall to ask maintenance men to restore the vital services for his mother .
her son went straight to the town hall to ask [work] men to restore the vital services for his mother .

‘ It needs money spending on it all the time to keep it going and in a fair state of maintenance .
‘ it needs money spending on it all the time to keep it going and in a fair state of [work] .

The college want to make the sale , sanctioned by the Charity Commissioners last summer , to set up an endowment fund for maintenance , restoration and refurbishment of Royal Holloway 's Founder 's Building , as well as for the upkeep and security for the remaining pictures .
the college want to make the sale , sanctioned by the charity commissioners last summer , to set up an endowment fund for [work] , restoration and refurbishment of royal holloway 's founder 's building , as well as for the upkeep and security for the remaining pictures .

Such things as housing maintenance , refuse collection , lighting , etc may seem like more urgent priorities but , in these increasingly bleak times , anything which encourages the life of the spirit is of immeasurable value .
such things as housing [work] , refuse collection , lighting , etc may seem like more urgent priorities but , in these increasingly bleak times , anything which encourages the life of the spirit is of immeasurable value .

On the inside , however , all is modern and functional in appearance with an emphasis upon ease of maintenance , safety and security .
on the inside , however , all is modern and functional in appearance with an emphasis upon ease of [work] , safety and security .

The Marquess was arrested at his flat in west London on Tuesday and taken to prison for failing to pay the maintenance arrears within the stipulated two weeks .
the marquess was arrested at his flat in west london on tuesday and taken to prison for failing to pay the [work] arrears within the stipulated two weeks .

National Rivers Authority was also worried because once the section is designated its legal protection would make flood maintenance work difficult .
national rivers authority was also worried because once the section is designated its legal protection would make flood [work] work difficult .

Housing director Tom Roberts said energy efficiency would benefit the tenants by reducing fuel bills , and the council by reducing maintenance costs due to condensation problems and increasing the value of the dwellings .
housing director tom roberts said energy efficiency would benefit the tenants by reducing fuel bills , and the council by reducing [work] costs due to condensation problems and increasing the value of the dwellings .

As he started a 112-day sentence in London 's Pentonville prison for failing to pay more than £10,000 in maintenance to his estranged wife Becky , the 37-year-old aristocrat also faced new charges of attacking police sent to arrest him .
as he started a 112-day sentence in london 's pentonville prison for failing to pay more than £10,000 in [work] to his estranged wife becky , the 37-year-old aristocrat also faced new charges of attacking police sent to arrest him .

This means a slight rise in the wages account which is no different than working overtime for cleaning and maintenance of machinery .
this means a slight rise in the wages account which is no different than working overtime for cleaning and [work] of machinery .

Probably the best advice is to sit down and list all income as well as all expenditure — including variables like possible car maintenance bills , treats , clothes , savings for holidays — and then honestly look at what is left .
probably the best advice is to sit down and list all income as well as all expenditure — including variables like possible car [work] bills , treats , clothes , savings for holidays — and then honestly look at what is left .

… and in the arms of the law yesterday after his arrest for non-payment of maintenance to his now-estranged wife
… and in the arms of the law yesterday after his arrest for non-payment of [work] to his now-estranged wife

The heir to the £100m Blenheim estate is set to serve 112 days for failing to pay more than £10,000 in maintenance to his estranged wife Becky , and now also faces new charges of attacking police sent to arrest him yesterday . Marquess of Blandford
the heir to the £100m blenheim estate is set to serve 112 days for failing to pay more than £10,000 in [work] to his estranged wife becky , and now also faces new charges of attacking police sent to arrest him yesterday . marquess of blandford

The school has to pay for maintenance of the buildings , rent , rates , heating , lighting , cleaning , caretaking etc .
the school has to pay for [work] of the buildings , rent , rates , heating , lighting , cleaning , caretaking etc .

The nature of railway operation gives rise to standard tasks and categories of work that are to be found in any railway administration : the staffing of trains ; the control of their movement between points of the network ; the running of stations , yards and other terminals ; maintenance of the traction , rolling stock , and the permanent way .
the nature of railway operation gives rise to standard tasks and categories of work that are to be found in any railway administration : the staffing of trains ; the control of their movement between points of the network ; the running of stations , yards and other terminals ; [work] of the traction , rolling stock , and the permanent way .

The nature of railway operations , revolving round the movement of passenger and freight trains along a network of tracks between stations and terminals , gives rise to the characteristic categories of railway work : the upkeep of the permanent way and its associated bridges , embankments , tunnels , overhead line equipment and so on ; the maintenance of rolling stock and locomotives ; the crewing of trains ; the control of their movements by signalling etc .
the nature of railway operations , revolving round the movement of passenger and freight trains along a network of tracks between stations and terminals , gives rise to the characteristic categories of railway work : the upkeep of the permanent way and its associated bridges , embankments , tunnels , overhead line equipment and so on ; the [work] of rolling stock and locomotives ; the crewing of trains ; the control of their movements by signalling etc .

It has also generated a wide variety of specific , untransferable skills among train crews , signalling staff , maintenance workers and so on .
it has also generated a wide variety of specific , untransferable skills among train crews , signalling staff , [work] workers and so on .

The maintenance of full employment would cause social and political changes which would give a new impetus to the opposition of the business leaders .
the [work] of full employment would cause social and political changes which would give a new impetus to the opposition of the business leaders .

One was the maintenance of high inflation rates despite the collapse of output .
one was the [work] of high inflation rates despite the collapse of output .

Di Scott , of Fairbridge , explained : ‘ After the ship had been in operation for some time it was realised that a great deal of money was needed for maintenance and running costs .
di scott , of fairbridge , explained : ‘ after the ship had been in operation for some time it was realised that a great deal of money was needed for [work] and running costs .

Andy Boyack , from the Rail Maritime and Transport Union , said : ‘ The lads have all been allocated other jobs within the normal maintenance sections . ’
andy boyack , from the rail maritime and transport union , said : ‘ the lads have all been allocated other jobs within the normal [work] sections . ’

She studied car maintenance for the skills task .
she studied car [work] for the skills task .

Adult and community education , youth work , special educational needs , repairs and maintenance and central administration are set to be sacrificed to protect individual school budgets .
adult and community education , youth work , special educational needs , repairs and [work] and central administration are set to be sacrificed to protect individual school budgets .

The scheme was approved by the council 's ground maintenance committee yesterday .
the scheme was approved by the council 's ground [work] committee yesterday .

They found conditions in the three-bedsit property ‘ quite unacceptable ’ and served notice on Hussein to undertake immediate repairs and maintenance .
they found conditions in the three-bedsit property ‘ quite unacceptable ’ and served notice on hussein to undertake immediate repairs and [work] .

While we would accept that some local authorities have a poor record for building and maintenance dating from ill-conceived schemes in the Sixties and Seventies , social housing today has benefited from that experience .
while we would accept that some local authorities have a poor record for building and [work] dating from ill-conceived schemes in the sixties and seventies , social housing today has benefited from that experience .

‘ The idea is to create a garden that combines minimum maintenance with maximum attraction for wildlife , ’ says Stuart .
‘ the idea is to create a garden that combines minimum [work] with maximum attraction for wildlife , ’ says stuart .

The contract will be for a minimum of four years starting next January and will involve all grass cutting on council land , maintenance of playing fields , hedge cutting , rose , tree and shrub maintenance , spring and summer bedding displays , cemeteries , and house gardens .
the contract will be for a minimum of four years starting next january and will involve all grass cutting on council land , [work] of playing fields , hedge cutting , rose , tree and shrub [work] , spring and summer bedding displays , cemeteries , and house gardens .

The operation also entailed taking a huge swathe of land permanently to allow repairs and maintenance to take place and would disrupt farming much more than pylons would .
the operation also entailed taking a huge swathe of land permanently to allow repairs and [work] to take place and would disrupt farming much more than pylons would .

North-East councils backed the findings of the report , which estimated an annual shortfall of 12,000 housing units and a maintenance backlog of £8.5bn nationwide .
north-east councils backed the findings of the report , which estimated an annual shortfall of 12,000 housing units and a [work] backlog of £8.5bn nationwide .

Routine maintenance work is often carried out in the early hours at the centre when workmen can avoid causing disruption to shoppers .
routine [work] work is often carried out in the early hours at the centre when workmen can avoid causing disruption to shoppers .

In addition to the Health and Safety Executive proposals , British Gas is to review the impact of its own campaign on maintenance and safety checks on gas appliances in properties of multiple accommodation .
in addition to the health and safety executive proposals , british gas is to review the impact of its own campaign on [work] and safety checks on gas appliances in properties of multiple accommodation .

About £16m is needed to tackle repairs and maintenance on many civic buildings constructed in the 1960s and 70s .
about £16m is needed to tackle repairs and [work] on many civic buildings constructed in the 1960s and 70s .

Director of architecture , planning and estates Philip Eyton-Jones said that required an annual maintenance budget of more than £11mfar more than Clwyd has been allocating .
director of architecture , planning and estates philip eyton-jones said that required an annual [work] budget of more than £11mfar more than clwyd has been allocating .

Meanwhile , the sports hall at the Deeside Further Education College , in Kelsterton , Connah 's Quay , is closed for maintenance work .
meanwhile , the sports hall at the deeside further education college , in kelsterton , connah 's quay , is closed for [work] work .

Recommendations include : Training of staff outlining hazards of maintenance operations .
recommendations include : training of staff outlining hazards of [work] operations .

Refurbishment , maintenance and service work on existing lifts , rather than building new products are another way .
refurbishment , [work] and service work on existing lifts , rather than building new products are another way .

The trustees claim they did not know anything about the clause , are a voluntary body on low income and would be unable to pay a market rent and become responsible for maintenance .
the trustees claim they did not know anything about the clause , are a voluntary body on low income and would be unable to pay a market rent and become responsible for [work] .

Five firms involved in maintenance work on the Severn Bridge have been accused of ignoring dangerous faults on a gantry which collapsed , killing two workmen .
five firms involved in [work] work on the severn bridge have been accused of ignoring dangerous faults on a gantry which collapsed , killing two workmen .

The men were working on a maintenance gantry suspended beneath the bridge when the gantry collapsed throwing the men more than a hundred feet into the river below .
the men were working on a [work] gantry suspended beneath the bridge when the gantry collapsed throwing the men more than a hundred feet into the river below .

Two workmen were killed when a maintenance gantry fixed to the bridge collapsed two years ago .
two workmen were killed when a [work] gantry fixed to the bridge collapsed two years ago .

An Executive spokesman said : ‘ The Executive realises there is room for improvement in the grounds maintenance services provided in east Belfast .
an executive spokesman said : ‘ the executive realises there is room for improvement in the grounds [work] services provided in east belfast .

And buyers also have an easy method of disposing of their cars and obtaining new ones every couple of years , which in turn means low maintenance costs .
and buyers also have an easy method of disposing of their cars and obtaining new ones every couple of years , which in turn means low [work] costs .

The Japanese firm , like most other manufacturers , offers the chance to include an extra monthly fixed payment to cover all scheduled servicing and maintenance to help purchasers budget even better .
the japanese firm , like most other manufacturers , offers the chance to include an extra monthly fixed payment to cover all scheduled servicing and [work] to help purchasers budget even better .

To qualify models have to be less than months old , have covered under 15 , miles and have a full service and maintenance history .
to qualify models have to be less than months old , have covered under 15 , miles and have a full service and [work] history .

As before the benefits are low monthly repayments , maintenance and repair bills kept to a minimum , and a selection of three end-of-agreement alternatives .
as before the benefits are low monthly repayments , [work] and repair bills kept to a minimum , and a selection of three end-of-agreement alternatives .

But increasing maintenance costs and changes in hygiene rules have prompted the council to invite proposals for its redevelopment .
but increasing [work] costs and changes in hygiene rules have prompted the council to invite proposals for its redevelopment .

Jamie Blandford during one of his worst periods , following his arrest for not paying 10,000 pounds maintenance to his wife and on his way to Pentonville .
jamie blandford during one of his worst periods , following his arrest for not paying 10,000 pounds [work] to his wife and on his way to pentonville .

Out in the auditorium everything has to be checked every day for safety and there 's a non-stop maintenance programme because the show must always go on .
out in the auditorium everything has to be checked every day for safety and there 's a non-stop [work] programme because the show must always go on .

We 're dealing with the day to day running of the theatre ; shows coming in , maintenance , but also looking forward to the next productions .
we 're dealing with the day to day running of the theatre ; shows coming in , [work] , but also looking forward to the next productions .

Each apartment has been provided with a private entrance and parking , with visitor parking also included in the scheme , while the creation of a management company will provide an invaluable service in day to day maintenance .
each apartment has been provided with a private entrance and parking , with visitor parking also included in the scheme , while the creation of a management company will provide an invaluable service in day to day [work] .

Martin Dyer may soon have a lot more time to play with his daughter … he says following a maintenance order from the Child Support Agency he may not be able to afford to work .
martin dyer may soon have a lot more time to play with his daughter … he says following a [work] order from the child support agency he may not be able to afford to work .

British Rail maintenance staff have voted for a series of twenty-four hour strikes , starting next week .
british rail [work] staff have voted for a series of twenty-four hour strikes , starting next week .

You wo n't be granted a divorce until a period of a year has elapsed and during that period you 'll have to work out access and maintenance for the children .
you wo n't be granted a divorce until a period of a year has elapsed and during that period you 'll have to work out access and [work] for the children .

With the new proposals it seems the needs of the children will be put first because you wo n't be granted a divorce until a period of a year has elapsed and during that period you 'll have to work out access and maintenance for the children and put their needs first and that seems very good .
with the new proposals it seems the needs of the children will be put first because you wo n't be granted a divorce until a period of a year has elapsed and during that period you 'll have to work out access and [work] for the children and put their needs first and that seems very good .

Well er the first thing er on this question is that on Monday of last week at the meeting of the foreign ministers of the European Community in Luxembourg , the British Government proposed the removal of the European Community sanctions against China , Vietnam and Iran and the maintenance of the Community 's actions against Syria .
well er the first thing er on this question is that on monday of last week at the meeting of the foreign ministers of the european community in luxembourg , the british government proposed the removal of the european community sanctions against china , vietnam and iran and the [work] of the community 's actions against syria .

Now you could say that was perhaps maintenance , but it 's all been cleaned , it 's been repointed , there are new lanterns , they 've done all the paintwork and they made such a beautiful job of it , it 's really almost for the craftsmanship and the care that we gave them a certificate for that as well .
now you could say that was perhaps [work] , but it 's all been cleaned , it 's been repointed , there are new lanterns , they 've done all the paintwork and they made such a beautiful job of it , it 's really almost for the craftsmanship and the care that we gave them a certificate for that as well .

But if you turned round and said to them all right with the consent of the people and with the consent of the Planning Authority we will authorize a site , we would get on and provide it , and they would n't spend four hundred thousand pounds of the taxpayers money in doing it , and it does n't stop there because having spent the four hundred thousand pounds you 've then got to provide the wardening of the site and the constant maintenance , which is a drain .
but if you turned round and said to them all right with the consent of the people and with the consent of the planning authority we will authorize a site , we would get on and provide it , and they would n't spend four hundred thousand pounds of the taxpayers money in doing it , and it does n't stop there because having spent the four hundred thousand pounds you 've then got to provide the wardening of the site and the constant [work] , which is a drain .

The repair and maintenance bit is actually dealt with by by sending it out to to to Absolute Sound and Video or whoever .
the repair and [work] bit is actually dealt with by by sending it out to to to absolute sound and video or whoever .

And what about maintenance ? Is that ever a problem ?
and what about [work] ? is that ever a problem ?

And you have to have a maintenance contract .
and you have to have a [work] contract .

However , there are a number of attractive and promising schemes under very active development at the moment , but the sea is such a hostile environment — it 's corrosive , force is involved for anything sitting on the surface as they are exposed to the force of the waves which is colossal , and if they are on the sea bed then perhaps there are maintenance problems , and getting the electricity ashore has not yet been solved .
however , there are a number of attractive and promising schemes under very active development at the moment , but the sea is such a hostile environment — it 's corrosive , force is involved for anything sitting on the surface as they are exposed to the force of the waves which is colossal , and if they are on the sea bed then perhaps there are [work] problems , and getting the electricity ashore has not yet been solved .

Using rail , the train journey cost per mile worked out at £10.60 , of which only £2 was fixed cost — mainly provision of a locomotive and driver — and £8.60 was variable cost such as track maintenance , fuel and depreciation .
using rail , the train journey cost per mile worked out at £10.60 , of which only £2 was fixed cost — mainly provision of a locomotive and driver — and £8.60 was variable cost such as track [work] , fuel and depreciation .

For most of his working life he was a maintenance engineer at Courtaulds ‘ Main Works ’ , retiring in 1962 .
for most of his working life he was a [work] engineer at courtaulds ‘ main works ’ , retiring in 1962 .

Steve , a maintenance engineer at Courtaulds Chemicals in Leek , was a member of the 560 kilo class England squad that won the title in Wales , beating teams from as far afield as Japan .
steve , a [work] engineer at courtaulds chemicals in leek , was a member of the 560 kilo class england squad that won the title in wales , beating teams from as far afield as japan .

‘ Many functions such as baggage handling , catering and maintenance are already being contracted out to specialist third parties . ’
‘ many functions such as baggage handling , catering and [work] are already being contracted out to specialist third parties . ’

The maintenance philosophy — the Vehicle Inspectorate view
the [work] philosophy — the vehicle inspectorate view

Following extensive maintenance work the 2.5 acre South Wirral lake is being refilled with water and is ahead of schedule for fishing early in 1993 .
following extensive [work] work the 2.5 acre south wirral lake is being refilled with water and is ahead of schedule for fishing early in 1993 .

Mr MacCleod is currently involved in managing an annual budget of more than £7m and a workforce of around 250 , providing services , including street lighting , highways , cleansing and maintenance , landscape and grounds maintenance on behalf of Knowsley Council .
mr maccleod is currently involved in managing an annual budget of more than £7m and a workforce of around 250 , providing services , including street lighting , highways , cleansing and [work] , landscape and grounds [work] on behalf of knowsley council .

The rental of each office is on a month 's licence the fee for which includes the cost of a receptionist , rates , water and electricity , heating , lighting , insurance , cleaning maintenance , security , 24-hour access and secure parking .
the rental of each office is on a month 's licence the fee for which includes the cost of a receptionist , rates , water and electricity , heating , lighting , insurance , cleaning [work] , security , 24-hour access and secure parking .

Organisation spokesperson Ann Bannister said : ‘ The government is aiming to save £400m by forcing absent parents to pay maintenance .
organisation spokesperson ann bannister said : ‘ the government is aiming to save £400m by forcing absent parents to pay [work] .

Maintenance work means coach links for all stations between Hamilton Square and New Brighton and a shuttle bus between Birkenhead North and Hamilton Square for West Kirby passengers .
[work] work means coach links for all stations between hamilton square and new brighton and a shuttle bus between birkenhead north and hamilton square for west kirby passengers .

Another who has benefited from the visit to Switzerland is maintenance supervisor .
another who has benefited from the visit to switzerland is [work] supervisor .

The two are Brian Holton , a sheet metal maintenance man , and Aprilia Graves , a statistical process control facilitator , of Courtaulds Fibers Inc , in Mobile , Alabama .
the two are brian holton , a sheet metal [work] man , and aprilia graves , a statistical process control facilitator , of courtaulds fibers inc , in mobile , alabama .

To help each pupil to acquire the skills , knowledge and attitudes which encourage the adoption of a physically active lifestyle and the maintenance of physical fitness throughout life .
to help each pupil to acquire the skills , knowledge and attitudes which encourage the adoption of a physically active lifestyle and the [work] of physical fitness throughout life .

Groups formed last year will carry on working at four other tasks : cellulose losses , tow motor ( forklift truck ) costs , maintenance store stocks and quality information .
groups formed last year will carry on working at four other tasks : cellulose losses , tow motor ( forklift truck ) costs , [work] store stocks and quality information .

Stock levels in maintenance stores went down , reducing working capacity by $100,000 .
stock levels in [work] stores went down , reducing working capacity by $100,000 .

Maintenance costs on tow motors were slashed .
[work] costs on tow motors were slashed .

International Seacontrol is designed to help ship operators in a recession-hit marine industry who are increasingly under pressure to reduce operating costs while sustaining an acceptable level of maintenance .
international seacontrol is designed to help ship operators in a recession-hit marine industry who are increasingly under pressure to reduce operating costs while sustaining an acceptable level of [work] .

Seacontrol represents the first time on-board maintenance software has been made commercially available to the shipping industry by a marine coatings supplier .
seacontrol represents the first time on-board [work] software has been made commercially available to the shipping industry by a marine coatings supplier .

Storage of maintenance specifications and crew job lists .
storage of [work] specifications and crew job lists .

These older tankers require continuous maintenance to keep them in good , safe working order at sea .
these older tankers require continuous [work] to keep them in good , safe working order at sea .

Charterers have recently shown growing concern about the standards of maintenance of ships carrying their cargoes .
charterers have recently shown growing concern about the standards of [work] of ships carrying their cargoes .

Sales will go into shipbuilding , ship maintenance and coastal business .
sales will go into shipbuilding , ship [work] and coastal business .

Although maintenance of such small-signal conditions may appear somewhat restrictive , their occurrence is quite widespread .
although [work] of such small-signal conditions may appear somewhat restrictive , their occurrence is quite widespread .

At this stage , Finishing Room and Maintenance personnel began an orchestrated campaign of cleaning re-organizing the Finishing Room and the process route .
at this stage , finishing room and [work] personnel began an orchestrated campaign of cleaning re-organizing the finishing room and the process route .

There was no fresh capital , the project did not have a specific budget so any money had to come from existing tight maintenance and operating budgets .
there was no fresh capital , the project did not have a specific budget so any money had to come from existing tight [work] and operating budgets .

Hardware Many hundreds of simple , cheap modifications have been made to enable maintenance and operations teams to ‘ Work Smarter not Harder .
hardware many hundreds of simple , cheap modifications have been made to enable [work] and operations teams to ‘ work smarter not harder .

lower maintenance , fuel or manpower costs .
lower [work] , fuel or manpower costs .

Repair and maintenance .
repair and [work] .

John Turner had been a loom tuner ( a maintenance engineer ) responsible for maintaining over one hundred carpet looms for another large company .
john turner had been a loom tuner ( a [work] engineer ) responsible for maintaining over one hundred carpet looms for another large company .

NGVs also bring reduced operating and maintenance costs and extend engine life .
ngvs also bring reduced operating and [work] costs and extend engine life .

Each Issuing Authority will create an archival file for all information relevant to the preparation and maintenance of each dossier .
each issuing authority will create an archival file for all information relevant to the preparation and [work] of each dossier .

At times you may feel a bit down or out of touch with those around you , however , one matter needs your attention and a new business venture is also worth thinking about things decorating or maintenance as necessary , a telephone call will bring surprising news .
at times you may feel a bit down or out of touch with those around you , however , one matter needs your attention and a new business venture is also worth thinking about things decorating or [work] as necessary , a telephone call will bring surprising news .

Oh yeah of course Steven and his maintenance .
oh yeah of course steven and his [work] .

Maintenance .
[work] .

Maintenance and one thing and another .
[work] and one thing and another .

No problem at all , no maintenance at all .
no problem at all , no [work] at all .

Maintenance .
[work] .

Cos he had n't been paying his maintenance you see .
cos he had n't been paying his [work] you see .

Your cable tidy allows independent switching of the lights , and of the filter , which you need to switch off for maintenance and when feeding .
your cable tidy allows independent switching of the lights , and of the filter , which you need to switch off for [work] and when feeding .

We followed our normal maintenance regime of 80 % water changes weekly and two feeds of live baby brineshrimp , plus one feed of Aquarian Flake , daily .
we followed our normal [work] regime of 80 % water changes weekly and two feeds of live baby brineshrimp , plus one feed of aquarian flake , daily .

For general maintenance , and especially to promote breeding , a diet rich in live ( or frozen ) pond foods is important , and they will eagerly take finely chopped earthworms ( if you can face the necessary ‘ murder ’ ) .
for general [work] , and especially to promote breeding , a diet rich in live ( or frozen ) pond foods is important , and they will eagerly take finely chopped earthworms ( if you can face the necessary ‘ murder ’ ) .

For this reason it is advisable to be a little ‘ sloppy ’ in your maintenance when fry are expected .
for this reason it is advisable to be a little ‘ sloppy ’ in your [work] when fry are expected .

They are quieter in use , but involve a little more maintenance .
they are quieter in use , but involve a little more [work] .

The front of the hood is also hinged , allowing access for feeding and maintenance .
the front of the hood is also hinged , allowing access for feeding and [work] .

The fish , according to species , will need swimming space , and hiding places , and you will need accessibility for tank maintenance .
the fish , according to species , will need swimming space , and hiding places , and you will need accessibility for tank [work] .

Maintenance is much easier if double taps are fitted to both the inlet and outlet hoses .
[work] is much easier if double taps are fitted to both the inlet and outlet hoses .

If you camouflage your filter remember to allow easy access for regular maintenance .
if you camouflage your filter remember to allow easy access for regular [work] .

That 's fine , but you now know this will happen , and you know how to do it — just by carrying on with this Inch Loss Plan diet and the Maintenance Exercise Programme which will have the effect of continually improving your shape .
that 's fine , but you now know this will happen , and you know how to do it — just by carrying on with this inch loss plan diet and the [work] exercise programme which will have the effect of continually improving your shape .

If you are almost down to your goal weight and inches you should follow the instructions in the Maintenance Programme detailed on page 164 .
if you are almost down to your goal weight and inches you should follow the instructions in the [work] programme detailed on page 164 .

Like their mentor Lord Milner , the Round Tablers were ‘ British race patriots ’ dedicated to the maintenance , through the empire , of the world-wide ascendancy of the Anglo-Saxons .
like their mentor lord milner , the round tablers were ‘ british race patriots ’ dedicated to the [work] , through the empire , of the world-wide ascendancy of the anglo-saxons .

Irwin was gambling on Gandhi 's inspiration ( referred to in a letter to an English friend as ‘ his silly salt stunt ’ ) falling flat , and was anxious to avoid pushing Indian moderates into the radical camp by dealing with Gandhi more severely than the maintenance of law and order required .
irwin was gambling on gandhi 's inspiration ( referred to in a letter to an english friend as ‘ his silly salt stunt ’ ) falling flat , and was anxious to avoid pushing indian moderates into the radical camp by dealing with gandhi more severely than the [work] of law and order required .

But most methods of filtration given good maintenance will work well .
but most methods of filtration given good [work] will work well .

It 's happiest in large shoals , and will adapt to most water conditions , providing the filtration and maintenance is correct .
it 's happiest in large shoals , and will adapt to most water conditions , providing the filtration and [work] is correct .

Maintenance : As Emperor Peckoltia .
[work] : as emperor peckoltia .

Incidentally , the parents are quite likely to attack your intruding hand at this stage , so mind your fingers when feeding or carrying out essential maintenance .
incidentally , the parents are quite likely to attack your intruding hand at this stage , so mind your fingers when feeding or carrying out essential [work] .

Over-crowding needs good maintenance
over-crowding needs good [work]

With an overcrowded tank and fish which require very pure water , it is obvious that maintenance is very important .
with an overcrowded tank and fish which require very pure water , it is obvious that [work] is very important .

Overtime and maintenance work on a marine tank in a Newmarket department store helps to finance Paul 's hobby .
overtime and [work] work on a marine tank in a newmarket department store helps to finance paul 's hobby .

That 's on top of securing a supply and maintenance contract for ponds at the latest Center Parcs complex at Elveden , and getting some surprise , but welcome , publicity as a result of treating a large , valuable and decidedly sick carp for an angling syndicate .
that 's on top of securing a supply and [work] contract for ponds at the latest center parcs complex at elveden , and getting some surprise , but welcome , publicity as a result of treating a large , valuable and decidedly sick carp for an angling syndicate .

Before buying , check that maintenance and bulb cleaning can be carried out easily and safely .
before buying , check that [work] and bulb cleaning can be carried out easily and safely .

Full student maintenance grants are now frozen at between £1,795 and £2,845 , but , only about a quarter of students actually receive the full award .
full student [work] grants are now frozen at between £1,795 and £2,845 , but , only about a quarter of students actually receive the full award .

They gave £20 annually for the maintenance of the church and £100 annually for grants towards the marriages of peasants and servants .
they gave £20 annually for the [work] of the church and £100 annually for grants towards the marriages of peasants and servants .

To be fair , there were two groups of Britons who were very concerned about health maintenance .
to be fair , there were two groups of britons who were very concerned about health [work] .

Perhaps the main reason why we British have not in the past been particularly enthusiastic about positive health maintenance is that sensible medical advice on the subject is mainly concerned with telling us not to do things .
perhaps the main reason why we british have not in the past been particularly enthusiastic about positive health [work] is that sensible medical advice on the subject is mainly concerned with telling us not to do things .

We have looked at the maintenance required to keep your water quality ideal for your fish .
we have looked at the [work] required to keep your water quality ideal for your fish .

Increase general water maintenance by carrying out regular water changes .
increase general water [work] by carrying out regular water changes .

First if you have something wrong , please supply me with as much detail as possible : your water conditions , decor , and maintenance routine .
first if you have something wrong , please supply me with as much detail as possible : your water conditions , decor , and [work] routine .

As John remarks , a healthy , biologically balanced environment should require minimal maintenance and effort .
as john remarks , a healthy , biologically balanced environment should require minimal [work] and effort .

Taking purely environmental factors first , we can see that diet is of great importance in both the maintenance of health and in the production of disease .
taking purely environmental factors first , we can see that diet is of great importance in both the [work] of health and in the production of disease .

Other important ingredients which we require to keep us functioning are the vitamins , most of which are essential components of enzymes ( the enzyme co-factors ) , and minerals and trace metals , some of which are structural , such as calcium for bones and teeth , but many of which are vital components of enzyme systems or are essential for the maintenance of the electrical charges on cell membranes .
other important ingredients which we require to keep us functioning are the vitamins , most of which are essential components of enzymes ( the enzyme co-factors ) , and minerals and trace metals , some of which are structural , such as calcium for bones and teeth , but many of which are vital components of enzyme systems or are essential for the [work] of the electrical charges on cell membranes .

‘ Predatory crime does not merely victimize individuals , it impedes and , in the extreme case , even prevents the formation and maintenance of community .
‘ predatory crime does not merely victimize individuals , it impedes and , in the extreme case , even prevents the formation and [work] of community .

They know better than anyone that all the badmouthing of men they could manage would not begin to balance the inequality they experience when it comes to the job market — fewer opportunities , low wages , nonexistent child-care facilities and a hopelessly uneven battle to survive if , for example , the father of their children jumps ship and fails to pay any maintenance .
they know better than anyone that all the badmouthing of men they could manage would not begin to balance the inequality they experience when it comes to the job market — fewer opportunities , low wages , nonexistent child-care facilities and a hopelessly uneven battle to survive if , for example , the father of their children jumps ship and fails to pay any [work] .

Through the courts , Monika will now force the priest to meet child maintenance payments .
through the courts , monika will now force the priest to meet child [work] payments .

Sir Bryan told the insurance industry yesterday that commissions should be related to the long-term maintenance of policies over their full lifetime , rather than paid out as a lump sum immediately a policy was sold .
sir bryan told the insurance industry yesterday that commissions should be related to the long-term [work] of policies over their full lifetime , rather than paid out as a lump sum immediately a policy was sold .

Two years of applying to courts for arrears of maintenance have come to nothing .
two years of applying to courts for arrears of [work] have come to nothing .

Projects such as improving and building council houses would be a priority along with maintenance of schools , homes for the elderly , roads , water and sewage .
projects such as improving and building council houses would be a priority along with [work] of schools , homes for the elderly , roads , water and sewage .

Blazing liquid nitrotoluene , which is used to make dyes and fertilisers , sprayed over maintenance workers .
blazing liquid nitrotoluene , which is used to make dyes and fertilisers , sprayed over [work] workers .

The report also suggest that there will need to be a greater commitment to wardening , monitoring and maintenance in future , if the situation is not to deteriorate again after the completion of repairs .
the report also suggest that there will need to be a greater commitment to wardening , monitoring and [work] in future , if the situation is not to deteriorate again after the completion of repairs .

She has launched a paternity case in Los Angeles to get £5,000 a month child maintenance from the 49-year-old star .
she has launched a paternity case in los angeles to get £5,000 a month child [work] from the 49-year-old star .

Area technical maintenance manager Pete Wootton , 32 , revealed that the wage drop was just the latest generous gesture in a long line of good turns .
area technical [work] manager pete wootton , 32 , revealed that the wage drop was just the latest generous gesture in a long line of good turns .

1969 : The record companies drop retail price maintenance .
1969 : the record companies drop retail price [work] .

When employees are accompanied by their families , they may be able to use company housing at Pilkingtons ' expense but employees are entirely responsible for lighting , heating and the maintenance of their families .
when employees are accompanied by their families , they may be able to use company housing at pilkingtons ' expense but employees are entirely responsible for lighting , heating and the [work] of their families .

the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , maintenance , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .
the legal costs of sale and purchase of property including solicitor 's fees and stamp duty , £3,750 ; estate agent 's commission , £750 ; bridging finance ( one month at 13% ) , £758 ; cost associated with mortgages , in particular the additional cost of a bigger mortgage to cover the greater cost of housing ( company loan over 3 years ) , £1,500 ; cost of removal and , if necessary , storage , including insurance , £500 ; hotel and travel expenses including visits by wife to area to see houses , ( 15 weeks away from home plus two visits by wife ) , £2,420 ; cost of alterations to carpets and curtains , re-installing appliances , connecting telephone etc , alterations to property , redecoration and refurbishment , school uniforms and other educational expenses , [work] , etc. of vacant , unsold property and miscellaneous incidental costs including vet 's fees , kennels , etc. , £2,000 .

Organisations may take on the letting of the employee 's property together with its insurance and maintenance or engage a managing agent or specialist relocation firm to do it .
organisations may take on the letting of the employee 's property together with its insurance and [work] or engage a managing agent or specialist relocation firm to do it .

Beyond this the practical stress of sanctions is seen as unhelpful in the development and maintenance of law , since the person who is threatened is not only psychologically less open to accepting the ethical demands of law but may indeed by virtue of the threat be under a reduced ethical obligation to conform to the sanctioned law .
beyond this the practical stress of sanctions is seen as unhelpful in the development and [work] of law , since the person who is threatened is not only psychologically less open to accepting the ethical demands of law but may indeed by virtue of the threat be under a reduced ethical obligation to conform to the sanctioned law .

For , just as the individual has the moral right not to kill in violation of his own moral principles , a right recognised by law in this country since 1916 , so also it can be argued that he has the right not to be required to contribute through his taxes towards the maintenance of a professional army equipped with weapons of mass destruction to kill on his behalf .
for , just as the individual has the moral right not to kill in violation of his own moral principles , a right recognised by law in this country since 1916 , so also it can be argued that he has the right not to be required to contribute through his taxes towards the [work] of a professional army equipped with weapons of mass destruction to kill on his behalf .

In just five minutes , it will be time for Keep Fighting Fit With Arnie , and some helpful advice on the maintenance of muscle implants in the elderly .
in just five minutes , it will be time for keep fighting fit with arnie , and some helpful advice on the [work] of muscle implants in the elderly .

Their bodies require more careful maintenance to keep functioning , and to some extent they have to protect themselves from too deep an involvement in the problems of others as their own emotions become more frail .
their bodies require more careful [work] to keep functioning , and to some extent they have to protect themselves from too deep an involvement in the problems of others as their own emotions become more frail .

The maintenance of proper standards of cleanliness in their homes is very important to most mentally unimpaired old people .
the [work] of proper standards of cleanliness in their homes is very important to most mentally unimpaired old people .

Copper or plastic draught-strip ( which requires no maintenance ) should be fixed permanently round the front and back doors and , if necessary , plastic foam strips around draughty windows .
copper or plastic draught-strip ( which requires no [work] ) should be fixed permanently round the front and back doors and , if necessary , plastic foam strips around draughty windows .

An adequate , well-balanced diet is one of the most important factors in the maintenance of health in older people , and the lack of it is responsible for many preventable illnesses . Many more of the elderly population are under-nourished than their relatives realise , and there are several reasons for this :
an adequate , well-balanced diet is one of the most important factors in the [work] of health in older people , and the lack of it is responsible for many preventable illnesses . many more of the elderly population are under-nourished than their relatives realise , and there are several reasons for this :

General vineyard maintenance of wires , stakes and machinery also takes place and , at the same time , the vines are secured to their training frames .
general vineyard [work] of wires , stakes and machinery also takes place and , at the same time , the vines are secured to their training frames .

Use twice a week to begin with , then once a week for skin maintenance .
use twice a week to begin with , then once a week for skin [work] .

The Church of England must urgently move away from maintenance into mission .
the church of england must urgently move away from [work] into mission .

But to talk like this is to fall into the trap mentioned above of emphasising maintenance not mission .
but to talk like this is to fall into the trap mentioned above of emphasising [work] not mission .

Moreover , maintenance of the street in option two areas was cheap compared to Woonerven where costs were raised by labour-intensive methods of sweeping and cleaning necessitated by the street layout .
moreover , [work] of the street in option two areas was cheap compared to woonerven where costs were raised by labour-intensive methods of sweeping and cleaning necessitated by the street layout .

Maintenance costs have not proved to be excessive , particularly as local residents are encouraged to adopt part of the street greenery .
[work] costs have not proved to be excessive , particularly as local residents are encouraged to adopt part of the street greenery .

Authorities are ‘ strongly urged … to be receptive to imaginative and innovative designs ’ and developers ‘ encouraged to be bold yet flexible ’ , whereas the original talked in terms of ‘ caution on some issues where matters of safety or the risk of increased expenditure on maintenance may be involved ’ .
authorities are ‘ strongly urged … to be receptive to imaginative and innovative designs ’ and developers ‘ encouraged to be bold yet flexible ’ , whereas the original talked in terms of ‘ caution on some issues where matters of safety or the risk of increased expenditure on [work] may be involved ’ .

little seems to have been done in the way of formal schemes of assessment of pedestrian problems or of priorities for maintenance or design .
little seems to have been done in the way of formal schemes of assessment of pedestrian problems or of priorities for [work] or design .

Much footway damage is natural deterioration of course , but it has been estimated that overriding by vehicles is implicated in over half of the cases where planned maintenance work is carried out .
much footway damage is natural deterioration of course , but it has been estimated that overriding by vehicles is implicated in over half of the cases where planned [work] work is carried out .

One view of the provision of facilities to meet the needs of walkers would be that , despite some inadequacies in design and maintenance , there is much for the pedestrian to be thankful for .
one view of the provision of facilities to meet the needs of walkers would be that , despite some inadequacies in design and [work] , there is much for the pedestrian to be thankful for .

Networks thus require good lighting , clear sight-lines and regular maintenance — as in the cutting back of shrubbery — though this may conflict with the creation of a green and intimate walking environment .
networks thus require good lighting , clear sight-lines and regular [work] — as in the cutting back of shrubbery — though this may conflict with the creation of a green and intimate walking environment .

If wider costs were to be considered , one could also look to savings from reduced pollution , energy consumption and accident rates , quite apart from the health maintenance benefits of a walking population .
if wider costs were to be considered , one could also look to savings from reduced pollution , energy consumption and accident rates , quite apart from the health [work] benefits of a walking population .

Everything about the construction and maintenance of such routes should be pro-cycle , so that they retain smooth surfaces , good lighting , shelter from wind , attractive landscaping and protection from vehicles ( Figure 9.2 ) .
everything about the construction and [work] of such routes should be pro-cycle , so that they retain smooth surfaces , good lighting , shelter from wind , attractive landscaping and protection from vehicles ( figure 9.2 ) .

By 1987 Wilmink was able to conclude that the Act ‘ has had a stimulating effect on the development of plans for the construction of bicycle tracks ’ and that ‘ attention to bicycle facilities in all stages of planning , design and maintenance of the infrastructure has become common practice .
by 1987 wilmink was able to conclude that the act ‘ has had a stimulating effect on the development of plans for the construction of bicycle tracks ’ and that ‘ attention to bicycle facilities in all stages of planning , design and [work] of the infrastructure has become common practice .

Headteacher Dr. Alan Leech said : ‘ The staff at Bohunt were keen to join the new appraisal system as part of their commitment towards the fullest maintenance to teacher and pupil standards .
headteacher dr. alan leech said : ‘ the staff at bohunt were keen to join the new appraisal system as part of their commitment towards the fullest [work] to teacher and pupil standards .

During the year the largest project had been the re-decoration of the Phair Hall , costing £3,766 , but Mrs. Roadnight expressed appreciation of Alistair Harley for all the general maintenance jobs he undertakes at the centre .
during the year the largest project had been the re-decoration of the phair hall , costing £3,766 , but mrs. roadnight expressed appreciation of alistair harley for all the general [work] jobs he undertakes at the centre .

Twenty-seven-year-old Philip set up his now flourishing landscape and garden maintenance business when he was just 19 using an old Mini to get around in .
twenty-seven-year-old philip set up his now flourishing landscape and garden [work] business when he was just 19 using an old mini to get around in .

Perhaps the greatest need for non-turf pitches is in state schools , where maintenance of grass pitches is often prohibitively expensive .
perhaps the greatest need for non-turf pitches is in state schools , where [work] of grass pitches is often prohibitively expensive .

Constraint , resource , excuse , and fact of life — there are clearly a number of ways in which public examinations have a bearing on the maintenance of transmission styles of teaching .
constraint , resource , excuse , and fact of life — there are clearly a number of ways in which public examinations have a bearing on the [work] of transmission styles of teaching .

The Hull-based group spent £220,000 on acquiring the business and assets of £600,000 turnover computer maintenance company , Novar , in September for £220,000 .
the hull-based group spent £220,000 on acquiring the business and assets of £600,000 turnover computer [work] company , novar , in september for £220,000 .

The Empire 's artillery is the best in the world and its manufacture and maintenance are controlled by the Emperor himself .
the empire 's artillery is the best in the world and its manufacture and [work] are controlled by the emperor himself .

The second is maintenance — the group organises further deals with vendors to ensure that customers receive upgrades , updates and patches .
the second is [work] — the group organises further deals with vendors to ensure that customers receive upgrades , updates and patches .

It is true that the former incorporated such normative policies as progressive taxation and the maintenance of high employment , and underlying both approaches was the belief in the desirability of more centralised economic policy-making than had operated before the war .
it is true that the former incorporated such normative policies as progressive taxation and the [work] of high employment , and underlying both approaches was the belief in the desirability of more centralised economic policy-making than had operated before the war .

After the turmoils of the late 1940s the dominant objective of financial policy was the maintenance of sterling [ Goodhart , 1973 ] .
after the turmoils of the late 1940s the dominant objective of financial policy was the [work] of sterling [ goodhart , 1973 ] .

Until the early 1960s ‘ free markets ’ , full employment and the maintenance of the value of sterling , remained the central aims [ Shonfield , 1959 ] .
until the early 1960s ‘ free markets ’ , full employment and the [work] of the value of sterling , remained the central aims [ shonfield , 1959 ] .

The purist will point out that every aircraft accident results from human error of some kind ; even the most complex technical failure has its origin in the work of a designer , manufacturer or maintenance engineer somewhere , and so-called ‘ acts of God ’ such as structural failure in extreme turbulence beyond the limits of airworthiness criteria are no more than failures of airworthiness engineers to assess the limits correctly .
the purist will point out that every aircraft accident results from human error of some kind ; even the most complex technical failure has its origin in the work of a designer , manufacturer or [work] engineer somewhere , and so-called ‘ acts of god ’ such as structural failure in extreme turbulence beyond the limits of airworthiness criteria are no more than failures of airworthiness engineers to assess the limits correctly .

Pilots and other flight crew immediately come to mind ; so too do maintenance engineers and air traffic controllers .
pilots and other flight crew immediately come to mind ; so too do [work] engineers and air traffic controllers .

Their mechanical problems merely require diligent examination , but stress levels are high and because a helicopter 's wing must rotate to maintain lift it is terribly unforgiving of anything less than good design , careful maintenance and skilful piloting .
their mechanical problems merely require diligent examination , but stress levels are high and because a helicopter 's wing must rotate to maintain lift it is terribly unforgiving of anything less than good design , careful [work] and skilful piloting .

If the aeroplane broke up in the air or the engine fell apart then the designers could be at fault ; if navigation aids were not working properly a radio engineer could be responsible , or even the Director of Civil Aviation who failed to provide enough money for the maintenance of the aids .
if the aeroplane broke up in the air or the engine fell apart then the designers could be at fault ; if navigation aids were not working properly a radio engineer could be responsible , or even the director of civil aviation who failed to provide enough money for the [work] of the aids .

‘ Neither the inspections detailed in the approved maintenance schedule nor those recommended by the manufacturer were adequate to detect partial cracks [ which had existed for about 7100 flights ] in the horizontal stabiliser rear spar top chord but would probably have been adequate for the detection of a completely fractured top chord . ’
‘ neither the inspections detailed in the approved [work] schedule nor those recommended by the manufacturer were adequate to detect partial cracks [ which had existed for about 7100 flights ] in the horizontal stabiliser rear spar top chord but would probably have been adequate for the detection of a completely fractured top chord . ’

Granada Group Plc 's third party maintenance provider , Granada Computer Services , believes its new React Centre and reorganised customer services operation will enable it to take the big manufacturers head on .
granada group plc 's third party [work] provider , granada computer services , believes its new react centre and reorganised customer services operation will enable it to take the big manufacturers head on .

Unless hardware maintenance providers broaden the range of services they offer , position their products correctly and market them right , they will not succeed in today 's hardware market , which is dropping in value more rapidly than previously predicted .
unless hardware [work] providers broaden the range of services they offer , position their products correctly and market them right , they will not succeed in today 's hardware market , which is dropping in value more rapidly than previously predicted .

These are the findings of market research group International Data Corp in a report entitled ‘ The Hardware Maintenance and Customer Service Market 1992 — Strategies in a Time of Crisis ’ .
these are the findings of market research group international data corp in a report entitled ‘ the hardware [work] and customer service market 1992 — strategies in a time of crisis ’ .

The users ' applications systems , the Finance Director 's report , software maintenance : all seem to have first call on your time .
the users ' applications systems , the finance director 's report , software [work] : all seem to have first call on your time .

With Sorbus , a computer and data equipment maintenance company .
with sorbus , a computer and data equipment [work] company .

We will then arrange for installation , commissioning and maintenance of the system .
we will then arrange for installation , commissioning and [work] of the system .

They have been selected for their easy-to-understand controls and ease of maintenance .
they have been selected for their easy-to-understand controls and ease of [work] .

Eternit curtain walls are attractive , durable and maintenance free .
eternit curtain walls are attractive , durable and [work] free .

Hardware , peripherals , software , on-site maintenance … we make sure you get the best .
hardware , peripherals , software , on-site [work] … we make sure you get the best .

Cost Effective Low Maintenance Watertight Beautiful But we decided to call it SureSeam
cost effective low [work] watertight beautiful but we decided to call it sureseam

• Can last up to 40 years with minimal maintenance .
• can last up to 40 years with minimal [work] .

This includes setting up or removal of the machines as well as maintenance in consumer markets , department stores , do-it-yourself-stores and specialist shops .
this includes setting up or removal of the machines as well as [work] in consumer markets , department stores , do-it-yourself-stores and specialist shops .

Each of the system 's important components , ( video and processor ) are mounted on separate plug-in cards making upgrading and maintenance easier and more cost-effective .
each of the system 's important components , ( video and processor ) are mounted on separate plug-in cards making upgrading and [work] easier and more cost-effective .

All Graphite Micro Series Systems are supplied with one year 's On Site maintenance free of charge .
all graphite micro series systems are supplied with one year 's on site [work] free of charge .

Built to the Fischer ‘ Panda ’ principle with superb mini-diesel engines and zero maintenance brushless alternators , our 100% water-cooled generators are the ultimate for smooth running and quiet operation .
built to the fischer ‘ panda ’ principle with superb mini-diesel engines and zero [work] brushless alternators , our 100% water-cooled generators are the ultimate for smooth running and quiet operation .

The money is needed for staff costs in the years ahead , clearance work , projects to make buildings safe , and long-term maintenance .
the money is needed for staff costs in the years ahead , clearance work , projects to make buildings safe , and long-term [work] .

’ The community 's good works included the maintenance of a dispensary , where the ladies dressed ‘ very noisesome sores and wounds ’ and applied home-made salves and plasters .
’ the community 's good works included the [work] of a dispensary , where the ladies dressed ‘ very noisesome sores and wounds ’ and applied home-made salves and plasters .

Included in the monthly charge are all meals , central heating , hot water , maintenance and cleaning .
included in the monthly charge are all meals , central heating , hot water , [work] and cleaning .

Database and computing activities Effective methods for the storage and retrieval of information are essential when a variety of large datasets is to be handled , and the maintenance and extension of such systems has continued .
database and computing activities effective methods for the storage and retrieval of information are essential when a variety of large datasets is to be handled , and the [work] and extension of such systems has continued .

They also voted to allow companies and individuals to sponsor the landscaping and maintenance of roundabouts .
they also voted to allow companies and individuals to sponsor the landscaping and [work] of roundabouts .

The name of each roundabout will be placed above advance direction signs only when these have to be taken down for maintenance work , so cutting down on costs .
the name of each roundabout will be placed above advance direction signs only when these have to be taken down for [work] work , so cutting down on costs .

That , of course , is bound up with the issue of income maintenance .
that , of course , is bound up with the issue of income [work] .

The publication Manifesto for Old Age by Bornat et al ( 1985 ) , serves only to highlight the yawning gulf between aspiration and reality , in a range of critical areas of social policy for older people , such as income maintenance , housing and education .
the publication manifesto for old age by bornat et al ( 1985 ) , serves only to highlight the yawning gulf between aspiration and reality , in a range of critical areas of social policy for older people , such as income [work] , housing and education .

We are also all dependent on external systems for the maintenance of our dwellings and essential equipment .
we are also all dependent on external systems for the [work] of our dwellings and essential equipment .

Gardening , house maintenance ; holiday sitting or travelling companions ; outside window cleaning ; help with house moves ; small repairs inside and out ; decorating ; plumbing ; electrical work ; carpet and upholstery cleaning ; pet and plant care .
gardening , house [work] ; holiday sitting or travelling companions ; outside window cleaning ; help with house moves ; small repairs inside and out ; decorating ; plumbing ; electrical work ; carpet and upholstery cleaning ; pet and plant care .

Turner Maintenance Ltd. , and council officials are recommending that company gets the work .
turner [work] ltd. , and council officials are recommending that company gets the work .

Exwaste , a company owned by Essex County Council , applied for permission to move the site gatehouse , install a weighbridge and wheel washing facility , use the former Topmix offices on Warren Lane and use parking and vehicle maintenance facilities at the site .
exwaste , a company owned by essex county council , applied for permission to move the site gatehouse , install a weighbridge and wheel washing facility , use the former topmix offices on warren lane and use parking and vehicle [work] facilities at the site .

In November , 1989 , 38 cargo handlers and maintenance men were axed after United Transport Lines ended its operation at the West Bank terminal and moved to Tilbury .
in november , 1989 , 38 cargo handlers and [work] men were axed after united transport lines ended its operation at the west bank terminal and moved to tilbury .

The unequal distribution of such prestigious goods found in the cemeteries may be seen as a reflection of hierarchies in early Anglo-Saxon England and how the maintenance of such hierarchies was closely bound up with the consumption of such valuables .
the unequal distribution of such prestigious goods found in the cemeteries may be seen as a reflection of hierarchies in early anglo-saxon england and how the [work] of such hierarchies was closely bound up with the consumption of such valuables .

The limited number of urns per fabric may reflect , Russell suggest , a number of pottery-making occasions or different potters , perhaps even the maintenance of a clay-pit or different years of pottery-making .
the limited number of urns per fabric may reflect , russell suggest , a number of pottery-making occasions or different potters , perhaps even the [work] of a clay-pit or different years of pottery-making .

We intend to change all that tonight and hopefully answer many questions you may have about the purchase and maintenance of a motor car .
we intend to change all that tonight and hopefully answer many questions you may have about the purchase and [work] of a motor car .

Minimal maintenance needed
minimal [work] needed

Run on a 9-volt battery ( which we 'll supply ) , the Alarm needs little maintenance and is very simple to install .
run on a 9-volt battery ( which we 'll supply ) , the alarm needs little [work] and is very simple to install .

And both are maintenance free .
and both are [work] free .

Wordsworth looks forward to an ideal Welfare State where all are entitled to ‘ maintenance by law ’ feeling of degradation .
wordsworth looks forward to an ideal welfare state where all are entitled to ‘ [work] by law ’ feeling of degradation .

The Kalt ‘ Cyclone ’ has established an enviable reputation for long life and low maintenance .
the kalt ‘ cyclone ’ has established an enviable reputation for long life and low [work] .

We agreed on a short-term goal of maintenance of nutritional intake and Mrs Allen said she would make sure she ate one ‘ proper ’ meal each day .
we agreed on a short-term goal of [work] of nutritional intake and mrs allen said she would make sure she ate one ‘ proper ’ meal each day .

While advocating the Work Society , Handy is enough of a realist to suggest that the most likely outcome , if his assumption turns out to be correct , is some kind of muddled compromise between all four possibilities , with considerable unemployment , some measure of a divide between the haves in work and the ‘ leisured ’ have-lesses without jobs , some attempt at the maintenance of full employment as a policy goal , and an increase in the amount of ‘ work ’ done on a ‘ voluntary ’ basis .
while advocating the work society , handy is enough of a realist to suggest that the most likely outcome , if his assumption turns out to be correct , is some kind of muddled compromise between all four possibilities , with considerable unemployment , some measure of a divide between the haves in work and the ‘ leisured ’ have-lesses without jobs , some attempt at the [work] of full employment as a policy goal , and an increase in the amount of ‘ work ’ done on a ‘ voluntary ’ basis .

The first-level supervision , known as the deputy , stood in a service rather than an executive relation , his responsibilities being for safety , maintenance of supplies , and shot-firing rather than for direct supervision .
the first-level supervision , known as the deputy , stood in a service rather than an executive relation , his responsibilities being for safety , [work] of supplies , and shot-firing rather than for direct supervision .

The keys for this were held by only three people — the works manager , the general manager , and the chief maintenance engineer .
the keys for this were held by only three people — the works manager , the general manager , and the chief [work] engineer .

In other countries , notably West Germany whose history of having industry unions such as the Metalworkers ' Union has meant less demarcation between crafts , a series of possibilities about the organisation of maintenance have been discussed .
in other countries , notably west germany whose history of having industry unions such as the metalworkers ' union has meant less demarcation between crafts , a series of possibilities about the organisation of [work] have been discussed .

To what extent might companies buy in maintenance from the machinery suppliers ; to what extent might workers become skilled at the repair and maintenance of particular machines rather than skilled at a particular aspect of a machine 's functioning , rather like the situation already obtaining with the repair and maintenance of household equipment such as washing machines , or office equipment such as photocopiers ; and to what extent might companies take over the training of skilled workers , giving them courses specifically suited to the requirements of their own production systems and certificating them within house ?
to what extent might companies buy in [work] from the machinery suppliers ; to what extent might workers become skilled at the repair and [work] of particular machines rather than skilled at a particular aspect of a machine 's functioning , rather like the situation already obtaining with the repair and [work] of household equipment such as washing machines , or office equipment such as photocopiers ; and to what extent might companies take over the training of skilled workers , giving them courses specifically suited to the requirements of their own production systems and certificating them within house ?

These are the costs of fuel and oil , maintenance and spares , buying ( and financing ) the aircraft , insurance and finally , utilisation .
these are the costs of fuel and oil , [work] and spares , buying ( and financing ) the aircraft , insurance and finally , utilisation .

The Cecilia Zino Foundation was created after the death of Cecilia Rose Zino in 1953 by her immediate family as her wish was that her estate be used entirely for the creation and maintenance of a hospital for poor children , Today the Foundation is administered by the Zino family with the strong support of the Dominican Nuns from the Order of Santa Catarina de Sena .
the cecilia zino foundation was created after the death of cecilia rose zino in 1953 by her immediate family as her wish was that her estate be used entirely for the creation and [work] of a hospital for poor children , today the foundation is administered by the zino family with the strong support of the dominican nuns from the order of santa catarina de sena .

Took his ex-wife to court for suspending his maintenance payments .
took his ex-wife to court for suspending his [work] payments .

Traditional oral forms of communication , which played a central role in the maintenance of social and political order — ensuring continuity and reinforcing values and norms of behaviour — was gradually confronted by a quite different form based on the new technology of print and , generally , on a foreign language .
traditional oral forms of communication , which played a central role in the [work] of social and political order — ensuring continuity and reinforcing values and norms of behaviour — was gradually confronted by a quite different form based on the new technology of print and , generally , on a foreign language .

Although independent of his creation he is nevertheless continually involved in its maintenance .
although independent of his creation he is nevertheless continually involved in its [work] .

Clause 5 reminds the haulage firm that apart from Overdrive 's obligations contained in Clause 3 , the haulier must take full responsibility for ensuring that the driver is made aware of such vital matters as drivers ' hours and records , maintenance and safety of vehicles .
clause 5 reminds the haulage firm that apart from overdrive 's obligations contained in clause 3 , the haulier must take full responsibility for ensuring that the driver is made aware of such vital matters as drivers ' hours and records , [work] and safety of vehicles .

The applicant must meet clearly defined criteria relating to general fitness , good repute , maintenance arrangements , drivers ' hours and overloading , suitability of the operating centre , financial resources and professional competence .
the applicant must meet clearly defined criteria relating to general fitness , good repute , [work] arrangements , drivers ' hours and overloading , suitability of the operating centre , financial resources and professional competence .

Maintenance , drivers ' hours , records and overloading
[work] , drivers ' hours , records and overloading

There is no question that proper maintenance of goods vehicles lies at the heart of the licensing system .
there is no question that proper [work] of goods vehicles lies at the heart of the licensing system .

However , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform functions for him , whether it be for the maintenance of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .
however , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform functions for him , whether it be for the [work] of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .

all routine maintenance
all routine [work]

She said nothing , and it occurred to Paul that she had shown little interest in any of it ; the sale of the partnership , his own worries about money , his future , which included her constant maintenance .
she said nothing , and it occurred to paul that she had shown little interest in any of it ; the sale of the partnership , his own worries about money , his future , which included her constant [work] .

One of the duties occasionally assumed by the guilds was the maintenance of a charnel , a subterranean chamber into which were placed the bones of the dead disturbed when interments took place in the churchyard .
one of the duties occasionally assumed by the guilds was the [work] of a charnel , a subterranean chamber into which were placed the bones of the dead disturbed when interments took place in the churchyard .

But funerals in any expensive way here with us , are now accounted but as a fruitlesse vanitie , insomuch that almost all the ceremoniall rites of obsequies heretofore used , are altogether laid aside : for we see daily that Noblemen , and Gentlemen of eminent ranke , office , and qualitie , are either silently buried in the night time , with a Torch , a two-penie Linke , and a Lanterne ; or parsimoniously interred in the day-time , by the helpe of some ignorant countrey-painter , without the attendance of any one of the Officers of Armes , whose chiefest support , and maintenance , hath ever depended upon the performance of such funerall rites , and exequies .
but funerals in any expensive way here with us , are now accounted but as a fruitlesse vanitie , insomuch that almost all the ceremoniall rites of obsequies heretofore used , are altogether laid aside : for we see daily that noblemen , and gentlemen of eminent ranke , office , and qualitie , are either silently buried in the night time , with a torch , a two-penie linke , and a lanterne ; or parsimoniously interred in the day-time , by the helpe of some ignorant countrey-painter , without the attendance of any one of the officers of armes , whose chiefest support , and [work] , hath ever depended upon the performance of such funerall rites , and exequies .

Even emotional stress can be a trigger to finely-tuned glands responsible for the maintenance of hormone levels .
even emotional stress can be a trigger to finely-tuned glands responsible for the [work] of hormone levels .

He had stubbornness and tenacity , but no real knowledge of the development or maintenance of cars ; Emerson , who did , was constantly frustrated and increasingly disaffected .
he had stubbornness and tenacity , but no real knowledge of the development or [work] of cars ; emerson , who did , was constantly frustrated and increasingly disaffected .

Responsible for heavy cleaning work , the movement of stores and for odd maintenance jobs ( e.g .
responsible for heavy cleaning work , the movement of stores and for odd [work] jobs ( e.g .

, major maintenance being carried out by the Polytechnic 's Building Division .
, major [work] being carried out by the polytechnic 's building division .

Maintenance of food quality
[work] of food quality

There was a Head Porter , 2 Assistant Porters and 2 Maintenance Men .
there was a head porter , 2 assistant porters and 2 [work] men .

He has also rationalized the range of wine and spirits stocks to reduce the stockturn ratio , introduced purchasing specifications , tightened up on the ordering system , established a fixed asset register and got the Accommodation Manager to prepare a five-year rolling plan for plant and equipment maintenance , as well as tightening up on staff overtime and casual workers ' pay .
he has also rationalized the range of wine and spirits stocks to reduce the stockturn ratio , introduced purchasing specifications , tightened up on the ordering system , established a fixed asset register and got the accommodation manager to prepare a five-year rolling plan for plant and equipment [work] , as well as tightening up on staff overtime and casual workers ' pay .

Yes , but what about maintenance ?
yes , but what about [work] ?

This looks after the maintenance and levies an annual charge which is divided among the owners proportionately .
this looks after the [work] and levies an annual charge which is divided among the owners proportionately .

Our own obligation in respect of maintenance on unsold periods .
our own obligation in respect of [work] on unsold periods .

At the same time , the hotel staff could also provide services on behalf of the maintenance company .
at the same time , the hotel staff could also provide services on behalf of the [work] company .

They could deal with the cleaning and laundry , for instance , and handle bookings , as well as general maintenance .
they could deal with the cleaning and laundry , for instance , and handle bookings , as well as general [work] .

Some of the cost can be borne by the management company and passed on to the owners through the maintenance charge , but the proportion relating to the construction and pre-sales periods will have to be borne by ourselves as developers .
some of the cost can be borne by the management company and passed on to the owners through the [work] charge , but the proportion relating to the construction and pre-sales periods will have to be borne by ourselves as developers .

Undertake the management and maintenance of the development in exchange for a covenant from each member to pay an annual service charge .
undertake the management and [work] of the development in exchange for a covenant from each member to pay an annual service charge .

Management and Maintenance
management and [work]

It is essential that there should be adequate arrangements for the cleaning and maintenance of units , and the existence of a management company is an essential prerequisite . Such a company should be empowered to carry out these duties in return for an annual management charge to cover :
it is essential that there should be adequate arrangements for the cleaning and [work] of units , and the existence of a management company is an essential prerequisite . such a company should be empowered to carry out these duties in return for an annual management charge to cover :

Upkeep and maintenance of grounds , access roads , etc .
upkeep and [work] of grounds , access roads , etc .

The company remains responsible for property insurance and maintenance .
the company remains responsible for property insurance and [work] .

‘ The girl must be busy ’ , ‘ the maintenance course she had been on was probably gruelling ’ , or ‘ she was still too upset to put pen to paper ’ .
‘ the girl must be busy ’ , ‘ the [work] course she had been on was probably gruelling ’ , or ‘ she was still too upset to put pen to paper ’ .

If your dealer goes under and you have maintenance insurance on your warranty , the insurance company will pass the contract to a third party maintenance company .
if your dealer goes under and you have [work] insurance on your warranty , the insurance company will pass the contract to a third party [work] company .

If the supplier goes bust and you have a third party maintenance contract , the maintenance company should still honour your warranty , as the agreement is between you and the maintenance company and not with the supplier .
if the supplier goes bust and you have a third party [work] contract , the [work] company should still honour your warranty , as the agreement is between you and the [work] company and not with the supplier .

If maintenance is mentioned , details of terms and limitations should also be provided by the supplier .
if [work] is mentioned , details of terms and limitations should also be provided by the supplier .

In these times of uncertainly , how can you best protect yourself ? And how can you guarantee a reasonable level of support in case something does go horribly wrong ? Is it worth insuring your computer or taking out a separate contract with a third-party maintenance company ? Is it worth paying the extra money to a company in order to guarantee good quality support and back-up ?
in these times of uncertainly , how can you best protect yourself ? and how can you guarantee a reasonable level of support in case something does go horribly wrong ? is it worth insuring your computer or taking out a separate contract with a third-party [work] company ? is it worth paying the extra money to a company in order to guarantee good quality support and back-up ?

Before you buy a computer , have a look at what sort of maintenance the company is offering . Ask the manufacturer which company is supplying the maintenance — is it provided by the manufacturer itself , or does it have a third party maintenance contract ? Is this a nationwide company , or a one-man outfit ? Is there a guaranteed response time ? If so , does the company have enough resources to meet these requirements ?
before you buy a computer , have a look at what sort of [work] the company is offering . ask the manufacturer which company is supplying the [work] — is it provided by the manufacturer itself , or does it have a third party [work] contract ? is this a nationwide company , or a one-man outfit ? is there a guaranteed response time ? if so , does the company have enough resources to meet these requirements ?

This is fine if they have an agreement with a large maintenance company , but it 's less likely to happen if the service is provided by the company itself .
this is fine if they have an agreement with a large [work] company , but it 's less likely to happen if the service is provided by the company itself .

Of course , warranties and maintenance contracts are all very well , but — as customers of Ti'ko and Olympic Technology know to their cost — agreements with manufacturers are of precious little use if the company goes bust .
of course , warranties and [work] contracts are all very well , but — as customers of ti'ko and olympic technology know to their cost — agreements with manufacturers are of precious little use if the company goes bust .

In some cases it could be worth making out a third party support agreement with a specialist maintenance company .
in some cases it could be worth making out a third party support agreement with a specialist [work] company .

This offers several advantages over the standard maintenance support from your supplier .
this offers several advantages over the standard [work] support from your supplier .

Taking out a separate maintenance contract can also bring you peace of mind if you 're running mission-critical applications — those vital programs you need to have running if your business is going to survive .
taking out a separate [work] contract can also bring you peace of mind if you 're running mission-critical applications — those vital programs you need to have running if your business is going to survive .

Where most manufacturers promise to get an engineer on-site within a couple of days , Micro Systems Maintenance guarantees to have an engineer on-site within eight hours .
where most manufacturers promise to get an engineer on-site within a couple of days , micro systems [work] guarantees to have an engineer on-site within eight hours .

Heron Granges , a specialist computer insurance company , also guarantees response times within eight hours , thanks to agreements with no fewer than three maintenance companies .
heron granges , a specialist computer insurance company , also guarantees response times within eight hours , thanks to agreements with no fewer than three [work] companies .

Taking out a separate maintenance contract or insurance is only really worth it if you might need back-up urgently .
taking out a separate [work] contract or insurance is only really worth it if you might need back-up urgently .

‘ The middle , ’ Reyce continues , ‘ although enjoying much meddow and pasture , yett far more tillage doe from thence raise their cheifest maintenance .
‘ the middle , ’ reyce continues , ‘ although enjoying much meddow and pasture , yett far more tillage doe from thence raise their cheifest [work] .

Clergy at one time might , for example , claim as many members as possible , forgetting , perhaps , to remove from the list those who have died or moved to another parish ; a subsequent introduction of ‘ potential giving ’ or per capita assessment for a maintenance -of-ministry-fund could result in their rapidly removing any ‘ dead wood ’ in order to reduce the costly membership figures to an absolute minimum .
clergy at one time might , for example , claim as many members as possible , forgetting , perhaps , to remove from the list those who have died or moved to another parish ; a subsequent introduction of ‘ potential giving ’ or per capita assessment for a [work] -of-ministry-fund could result in their rapidly removing any ‘ dead wood ’ in order to reduce the costly membership figures to an absolute minimum .

This ideology remained unchanged because the institution of the family remained substantially unchanged and the ideology was necessary for its legitimation and maintenance in that form .
this ideology remained unchanged because the institution of the family remained substantially unchanged and the ideology was necessary for its legitimation and [work] in that form .

The Board had decided that , in the event of a married man being elected ( the matron was remaining in post ) , his wife would be required to live in the house with him , and £15 per annum would be deducted from his salary in respect of her maintenance .
the board had decided that , in the event of a married man being elected ( the matron was remaining in post ) , his wife would be required to live in the house with him , and £15 per annum would be deducted from his salary in respect of her [work] .

It had been built to accommodate sixteen patients and in February of that year was occupied by twenty-one paupers , for whose maintenance the Board of Guardians had been responsible .
it had been built to accommodate sixteen patients and in february of that year was occupied by twenty-one paupers , for whose [work] the board of guardians had been responsible .

An institution was any establishment provided by the Council for reception and maintenance of the poor other than a hospital , a children 's home or a separate casual ward .
an institution was any establishment provided by the council for reception and [work] of the poor other than a hospital , a children 's home or a separate casual ward .

( There is a record of a complaint by an inmate of a workhouse elsewhere , that although he was paying six shillings a week for his maintenance , he had to do work such as window-cleaning and blacking grates .
( there is a record of a complaint by an inmate of a workhouse elsewhere , that although he was paying six shillings a week for his [work] , he had to do work such as window-cleaning and blacking grates .

The committee , expressing their thanks to Lord Nuffield , who had provided an iron lung for the treatment of poliomyelitis victims , accepted liability for its maintenance costs , amounting to £1 per annum .
the committee , expressing their thanks to lord nuffield , who had provided an iron lung for the treatment of poliomyelitis victims , accepted liability for its [work] costs , amounting to £1 per annum .

The guardians committee had the power to levy contributions from relatives for treatment and maintenance of patients in the hospital , and appeals against those orders were forwarded to the guardians from the parent Public Assistance Committee at the Shire Hall .
the guardians committee had the power to levy contributions from relatives for treatment and [work] of patients in the hospital , and appeals against those orders were forwarded to the guardians from the parent public assistance committee at the shire hall .

But unlike those Marxists who conceive of the mass media as no more than relay systems working on behalf of the dominant classes , some have forcefully argued that systems of maintenance and reproduction do not necessarily operate smoothly ; there are contradictions , there is social and political dissent and there is political struggle .
but unlike those marxists who conceive of the mass media as no more than relay systems working on behalf of the dominant classes , some have forcefully argued that systems of [work] and reproduction do not necessarily operate smoothly ; there are contradictions , there is social and political dissent and there is political struggle .

There is now a general acceptance of the belief that the work and context of the mass media deserves deep analysis and that processes of maintenance and reproduction , of manufacturing consent and consensus , are by no means simple or closed .
there is now a general acceptance of the belief that the work and context of the mass media deserves deep analysis and that processes of [work] and reproduction , of manufacturing consent and consensus , are by no means simple or closed .

Repair and maintenance costs plumber , window cleaner
repair and [work] costs plumber , window cleaner

Some maintenance payments , if you are divorced or separated .
some [work] payments , if you are divorced or separated .

Maintenance payments . The rules were considerably simplified in the 1988 Budget , and , except for previous maintenance arrangements , are now as follows :
[work] payments . the rules were considerably simplified in the 1988 budget , and , except for previous [work] arrangements , are now as follows :

Individuals paying maintenance receive tax relief on the first £1,720 of payments to a divorced or separated spouse ; other maintenance payments , including any to children , do not qualify for tax relief .
individuals paying [work] receive tax relief on the first £1,720 of payments to a divorced or separated spouse ; other [work] payments , including any to children , do not qualify for tax relief .

Maintenance arrangements existing prior to the 1988 Budget remain largely unaffected , other than that payments received by divorced or separated spouses are exempt from tax on the first £1,720 .
[work] arrangements existing prior to the 1988 budget remain largely unaffected , other than that payments received by divorced or separated spouses are exempt from tax on the first £1,720 .

This woman was very determined that no provision for maintenance by her ex-husband should be made .
this woman was very determined that no provision for [work] by her ex-husband should be made .

Soldiers , psychiatrists , and priests might on this basis be classified together as social controllers ; doctors and perhaps teachers should be classified as sustainers : the proper theoretical place for them is as the maintenance engineers of labour power ; playwrights , philosophers , accountants , sociologists , and lawyers must be classified together as conceptive ideologists .
soldiers , psychiatrists , and priests might on this basis be classified together as social controllers ; doctors and perhaps teachers should be classified as sustainers : the proper theoretical place for them is as the [work] engineers of labour power ; playwrights , philosophers , accountants , sociologists , and lawyers must be classified together as conceptive ideologists .

The stove remains quite a complex piece of engineering however and careful handling and maintenance is necessary .
the stove remains quite a complex piece of engineering however and careful handling and [work] is necessary .

As they did so , they created new service industries for their feeding , lighting , cleaning and maintenance and so offered yet more chances of employment .
as they did so , they created new service industries for their feeding , lighting , cleaning and [work] and so offered yet more chances of employment .

This meant the maintenance of good relations with Russia and Austria-Hungary , who might again come into conflict in the Balkans .
this meant the [work] of good relations with russia and austria-hungary , who might again come into conflict in the balkans .

Hungarian influence on foreign policy meant , in effect , subordinating foreign policy to the maintenance of the racial settlement of 1867 .
hungarian influence on foreign policy meant , in effect , subordinating foreign policy to the [work] of the racial settlement of 1867 .

For a variety of reasons Stalin rejected a ‘ Finnish ’ solution in Eastern Europe in preference to a security formula based on ideological conformity and the maintenance of control over these countries ' internal as well as external policies .
for a variety of reasons stalin rejected a ‘ finnish ’ solution in eastern europe in preference to a security formula based on ideological conformity and the [work] of control over these countries ' internal as well as external policies .

The maintenance of this imperium has become not only an essential pillar of the regime 's internal legitimacy , but as essential a pillar of her external legitimacy as a Superpower .
the [work] of this imperium has become not only an essential pillar of the regime 's internal legitimacy , but as essential a pillar of her external legitimacy as a superpower .

In the nuclear age the maintenance of this threshold between conflict and war is a basic objective of Soviet policy .
in the nuclear age the [work] of this threshold between conflict and war is a basic objective of soviet policy .

The interviewer Martin Pailthorpe was interested to find out Laura 's views on imposing a levy on outdoor goods to pay for the maintenance of footpaths .
the interviewer martin pailthorpe was interested to find out laura 's views on imposing a levy on outdoor goods to pay for the [work] of footpaths .

For a long time local authorities have been getting away with murder — they 're not keeping maps up-to-date and have low maintenance budgets for rights of way .
for a long time local authorities have been getting away with murder — they 're not keeping maps up-to-date and have low [work] budgets for rights of way .

Harmonious family life requires regular maintenance , and adjustments of understanding as one phase of development gives way to another .
harmonious family life requires regular [work] , and adjustments of understanding as one phase of development gives way to another .

When the relationship of parents and children is at this low ebb mutual love and respect need careful maintenance and rebuilding , for the principle of honouring one another contributes importantly to love , trust and self-worth .
when the relationship of parents and children is at this low ebb mutual love and respect need careful [work] and rebuilding , for the principle of honouring one another contributes importantly to love , trust and self-worth .

If you want to hear complaints about service industries , the quality of garage maintenance is a regular target for consumer watchdogs and grousers .
if you want to hear complaints about service industries , the quality of garage [work] is a regular target for consumer watchdogs and grousers .

All marriages need their regular running maintenance .
all marriages need their regular running [work] .

Marriage maintenance is necessary too .
marriage [work] is necessary too .

Whether this ongoing maintenance is spontaneous or planned , it will always imply the careful management of conflict .
whether this ongoing [work] is spontaneous or planned , it will always imply the careful management of conflict .

Conciliation is a key concept in the maintenance of marriage equilibrium .
conciliation is a key concept in the [work] of marriage equilibrium .

Thus if both partners have a commitment to listening and responding swiftly when conflict strikes , the permission to express emotion will be a healthy safety valve for the relationship , and a vital part of its ongoing maintenance .
thus if both partners have a commitment to listening and responding swiftly when conflict strikes , the permission to express emotion will be a healthy safety valve for the relationship , and a vital part of its ongoing [work] .

Take purchase cost , expected operating costs , maintenance costs , operating capability and efficiency .
take purchase cost , expected operating costs , [work] costs , operating capability and efficiency .

Whereas most operators of propliners can undertake maintenance work on every aspect of the airframes of their fleet , not that many can boast the same capacity for their engines .
whereas most operators of propliners can undertake [work] work on every aspect of the airframes of their fleet , not that many can boast the same capacity for their engines .

Fortunately ( in an argument taken from Pirsig 's Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance ) there is an amazing degree of agreement as to whether any particular example is of ‘ high ’ or ‘ low ’ quality — which can be a useful lifeline for those lost in a twisty maze of conflicting advice .
fortunately ( in an argument taken from pirsig 's zen and the art of motorcycle [work] ) there is an amazing degree of agreement as to whether any particular example is of ‘ high ’ or ‘ low ’ quality — which can be a useful lifeline for those lost in a twisty maze of conflicting advice .

The completed installation requires no maintenance other than occasionally wiping down the soffit vent to ensure that the large insect screened grille remains clear of obstructions
the completed installation requires no [work] other than occasionally wiping down the soffit vent to ensure that the large insect screened grille remains clear of obstructions

Have you ever thought of giving your home a health check ? Nationwide Surveyors now offers Homecheck , a report for homeowners which shows what maintenance and repairs are needed — in order of priority .
have you ever thought of giving your home a health check ? nationwide surveyors now offers homecheck , a report for homeowners which shows what [work] and repairs are needed — in order of priority .

Her husband left her for a job in the Arabian Gulf one year ago , and apart from regular maintenance , neither she nor the children have heard from him since .
her husband left her for a job in the arabian gulf one year ago , and apart from regular [work] , neither she nor the children have heard from him since .

These support systems arise principally from the maintenance and elaboration of the social routines described in the preceding section , and the special characteristics of adult speech addressed to infants and young children .
these support systems arise principally from the [work] and elaboration of the social routines described in the preceding section , and the special characteristics of adult speech addressed to infants and young children .

Although walls can be initially quite expensive , they require very little maintenance , little or no staffing and draw in many user visits ( 10,000 per year in Glasgow , 6,000 per year in Fort William ) thus paying for themselves after only a few years .
although walls can be initially quite expensive , they require very little [work] , little or no staffing and draw in many user visits ( 10,000 per year in glasgow , 6,000 per year in fort william ) thus paying for themselves after only a few years .

Like Merton , Parsons highlights the sociology of science as a study of the cultural threats to the maintenance of objectivity and impartiality in scientific practice .
like merton , parsons highlights the sociology of science as a study of the cultural threats to the [work] of objectivity and impartiality in scientific practice .

Both Holzner and Berger and Luckmann at the level of theory , describe processes by which knowledge is produced , laying an emphasis on the social form of the production and the functionality both for the maintenance of a stable social structure and the needs of the human being .
both holzner and berger and luckmann at the level of theory , describe processes by which knowledge is produced , laying an emphasis on the social form of the production and the functionality both for the [work] of a stable social structure and the needs of the human being .

This in turn describes the function of the individual in relation to society — any agency attributed to the individual is subordinated to the maintenance of social structure .
this in turn describes the function of the individual in relation to society — any agency attributed to the individual is subordinated to the [work] of social structure .

They address the political processes of capitalism , attempting to understand the part played by knowledge and ideology in the maintenance of the mode of production and its characteristic social relations .
they address the political processes of capitalism , attempting to understand the part played by knowledge and ideology in the [work] of the mode of production and its characteristic social relations .

The ruling class may be an alliance of classes and the maintenance of hegemony is not the same thing as a monolithic dominant ideology .
the ruling class may be an alliance of classes and the [work] of hegemony is not the same thing as a monolithic dominant ideology .

This latter specimen is possibly a little more attractive , but again , it is considerably more expensive and rarer , although care and maintenance would be the same .
this latter specimen is possibly a little more attractive , but again , it is considerably more expensive and rarer , although care and [work] would be the same .

It should be pointed out that a bigger tank may well be possible , but when the maintenance is going to suffer , and that is the major importance when dealing with larger fish which are usually messy feeders .
it should be pointed out that a bigger tank may well be possible , but when the [work] is going to suffer , and that is the major importance when dealing with larger fish which are usually messy feeders .

Only sensible and regular system maintenance will avoid such an extreme situation and often , if caught early , hyperplasia is actually reversible .
only sensible and regular system [work] will avoid such an extreme situation and often , if caught early , hyperplasia is actually reversible .

Tank maintenance
tank [work]

Set the temperature to a degree or two higher than that of the maintenance tank and place the female in this set up for a time to associate herself with the layout and hiding places .
set the temperature to a degree or two higher than that of the [work] tank and place the female in this set up for a time to associate herself with the layout and hiding places .

One additional problem which can arise is a noisy vibrating pump due to poor maintenance of the adsorption filter .
one additional problem which can arise is a noisy vibrating pump due to poor [work] of the adsorption filter .

The integrity of trails depends during their existence on no component object being deleted during maintenance of the hyper-media data-base .
the integrity of trails depends during their existence on no component object being deleted during [work] of the hyper-media data-base .

Once again we see here that contradictoriness is no barrier to the maintenance of sexist stereotypes .
once again we see here that contradictoriness is no barrier to the [work] of sexist stereotypes .

Basically a tour around London Airport this film shows various aspects of the airport 's services , passenger check-in desks that look very uncrowded , airport police and their various duties around the airport , repair and maintenance facilities and air traffic control and radar services .
basically a tour around london airport this film shows various aspects of the airport 's services , passenger check-in desks that look very uncrowded , airport police and their various duties around the airport , repair and [work] facilities and air traffic control and radar services .

The aircraft required a compass swing and had oxygen system leaks and because of this Lt Ferris had been required to sign for its release from maintenance , therefore accepting responsibility for his own safety .
the aircraft required a compass swing and had oxygen system leaks and because of this lt ferris had been required to sign for its release from [work] , therefore accepting responsibility for his own safety .

Furthermore a drop ’ in maintenance spending is also likely as both the landlord 's means and incentive to spend money on the property are reduced .
furthermore a drop ’ in [work] spending is also likely as both the landlord 's means and incentive to spend money on the property are reduced .

Workmen from the Maintenance Department , which is responsible for the smooth running of the lifts and escalators in the station , have seen William Terris ' ghost on numerous occasions as they work mostly at night so that their work causes the least interference with the travelling public .
workmen from the [work] department , which is responsible for the smooth running of the lifts and escalators in the station , have seen william terris ' ghost on numerous occasions as they work mostly at night so that their work causes the least interference with the travelling public .

In fact , the uncertain times of Terris ' appearances have had such an effect on workmen that the Maintenance Department do not allow their staff to work in the station through the night in case the ghost interferes with their potentially dangerous work .
in fact , the uncertain times of terris ' appearances have had such an effect on workmen that the [work] department do not allow their staff to work in the station through the night in case the ghost interferes with their potentially dangerous work .

The late Mr Walter Gilbey used to tell of many strange happenings during maintenance work in the tunnel ; mysterious noises , agonising cries and sounds of men fighting .
the late mr walter gilbey used to tell of many strange happenings during [work] work in the tunnel ; mysterious noises , agonising cries and sounds of men fighting .

In the old days there was no physical access from the running lines to Govan car sheds and workshops , so stock was only brought out of the tunnels for repair and maintenance , which necessitated lifting the vehicles bodily off the track and up through pits into the workshops by means of a large overhead crane .
in the old days there was no physical access from the running lines to govan car sheds and workshops , so stock was only brought out of the tunnels for repair and [work] , which necessitated lifting the vehicles bodily off the track and up through pits into the workshops by means of a large overhead crane .

Two maintenance gangs who were working one night some distance apart on a section of track noticed a mysterious light between them but despite searching the area nothing could be found to explain the phenomenon .
two [work] gangs who were working one night some distance apart on a section of track noticed a mysterious light between them but despite searching the area nothing could be found to explain the phenomenon .

The Wisharts , who lived in North London , were not looking forward to the long train journey one little bit ; being just after the war , the trains were run down , lacked essential maintenance and did n't keep very good time , so the Wisharts regarded the prospects of the journey with considerable misgivings .
the wisharts , who lived in north london , were not looking forward to the long train journey one little bit ; being just after the war , the trains were run down , lacked essential [work] and did n't keep very good time , so the wisharts regarded the prospects of the journey with considerable misgivings .

Wolfgang was undoubtedly genuinely grieved at the loss of his father , but his main preoccupation was with practical matters and the maintenance of his own family .
wolfgang was undoubtedly genuinely grieved at the loss of his father , but his main preoccupation was with practical matters and the [work] of his own family .

The maintenance of the capital infrastructure is good too .
the [work] of the capital infrastructure is good too .

Training on how to use the equipment and in marketing techniques is offered , machine maintenance provided and all machinery is covered by a full warranty .
training on how to use the equipment and in marketing techniques is offered , machine [work] provided and all machinery is covered by a full warranty .

The real issues are never discussed , nor do they have to be , for established patterns of family behaviour eventually ensure the maintenance of the status quo , albeit an uncomfortable and unhappy one .
the real issues are never discussed , nor do they have to be , for established patterns of family behaviour eventually ensure the [work] of the status quo , albeit an uncomfortable and unhappy one .

There is a popular perception that the modern family has become a problem , that increasingly the family renounces its former responsibilities towards the care and maintenance of older relatives .
there is a popular perception that the modern family has become a problem , that increasingly the family renounces its former responsibilities towards the care and [work] of older relatives .

Conversely , good adjustment is more likely to ensure the maintenance of health during retirement .
conversely , good adjustment is more likely to ensure the [work] of health during retirement .

5 . The maintenance of social integration
5 . the [work] of social integration

The maintenance of personal relationships
the [work] of personal relationships

The maintenance of social relationships is a crucial element in counselling .
the [work] of social relationships is a crucial element in counselling .

Knowledge and the maintenance of health
knowledge and the [work] of health

But where the defect or fault should have been detected during normal maintenance , this would not constitute a defence and there would probably be an offence under the appropriate Construction and Use Regulations .
but where the defect or fault should have been detected during normal [work] , this would not constitute a defence and there would probably be an offence under the appropriate construction and use regulations .

the maintenance , repair or reconstruction of any road ; or
the [work] , repair or reconstruction of any road ; or

beyond the American continent her only interests are the open door to trade , freedom of the seas , and the maintenance of peace .
beyond the american continent her only interests are the open door to trade , freedom of the seas , and the [work] of peace .

Equally important to the maintenance of Labour 's new-found unity in the closing stages of the war was that all leading figures now sensed the possibility of major political advances after the war .
equally important to the [work] of labour 's new-found unity in the closing stages of the war was that all leading figures now sensed the possibility of major political advances after the war .

It is immensely important to us to preserve the status quo by the peaceful methods of arbitration and international co-operation , rather than by the maintenance of armies and navies which a return to the balance of power would force upon us .
it is immensely important to us to preserve the status quo by the peaceful methods of arbitration and international co-operation , rather than by the [work] of armies and navies which a return to the balance of power would force upon us .

Within weeks of the 1931 Election , the Japanese invasion of Manchuria alerted public opinion to new threats of war which , within five years , were to destroy the League 's credibility as an instrument for the maintenance of peace .
within weeks of the 1931 election , the japanese invasion of manchuria alerted public opinion to new threats of war which , within five years , were to destroy the league 's credibility as an instrument for the [work] of peace .

From this point until the end of the war the Communist Party proclaimed its enthusiastic support both for the war effort and for the maintenance of Churchill 's Coalition Government .
from this point until the end of the war the communist party proclaimed its enthusiastic support both for the war effort and for the [work] of churchill 's coalition government .

Teeth are especially worthy of admiration , being capable , with proper maintenance , of cracking nuts for something like forty years .
teeth are especially worthy of admiration , being capable , with proper [work] , of cracking nuts for something like forty years .

To anyone familiar with the coasts , with sailing ships and with the cellulose molecule , the maintenance of the blockades of Brest and Toulon , winter and summer and in all weathers , must appear as an almost incredible feat .
to anyone familiar with the coasts , with sailing ships and with the cellulose molecule , the [work] of the blockades of brest and toulon , winter and summer and in all weathers , must appear as an almost incredible feat .

Another witty idea comes from Roger Planer with his Zen And The Magic Of Roundabout Maintenance , ( Fantail , £4.99 ) .
another witty idea comes from roger planer with his zen and the magic of roundabout [work] , ( fantail , £4.99 ) .

Weekend visits by the director incorporate security and maintenance — ie protecting the company 's asset .
weekend visits by the director incorporate security and [work] — ie protecting the company 's asset .

Opus customers have telephone access to technical support ( on-site maintenance is an option ) , while prospective customers can call its pre-support team to talk through their requirements and get advice on system configuration etc .
opus customers have telephone access to technical support ( on-site [work] is an option ) , while prospective customers can call its pre-support team to talk through their requirements and get advice on system configuration etc .

The measure of comprehensive income will differ in accordance with the methods used to value assets and the concept of capital maintenance employed .
the measure of comprehensive income will differ in accordance with the methods used to value assets and the concept of capital [work] employed .

The statement of gains proposed in The Future Shape of Financial Reports discloses the change in financial wealth for the period less a capital maintenance adjustment to give a ‘ real ’ change in financial wealth .
the statement of gains proposed in the future shape of financial reports discloses the change in financial wealth for the period less a capital [work] adjustment to give a ‘ real ’ change in financial wealth .

It is the maintenance of balance between these two energy flows that underlies the principles of Indian Ayurvedic medicine , Acupuncture and holistic health in general , and in particular Kundalini Yoga which is explained below .
it is the [work] of balance between these two energy flows that underlies the principles of indian ayurvedic medicine , acupuncture and holistic health in general , and in particular kundalini yoga which is explained below .

Living matter as well as so-called ‘ inert ’ matter is seen to be an expression of a formative universal field which in turn is regulated by even more subtle primary forces , Hoyle , Jeans and Raynor Johnson , as well as a host of visionaries have stated their belief that creation and the maintenance of the Universe rests upon a Universal Consciousness — a Creative Intelligence .
living matter as well as so-called ‘ inert ’ matter is seen to be an expression of a formative universal field which in turn is regulated by even more subtle primary forces , hoyle , jeans and raynor johnson , as well as a host of visionaries have stated their belief that creation and the [work] of the universe rests upon a universal consciousness — a creative intelligence .

Man-management is about the maintenance of structure and morale so that all can give of their best .
man-management is about the [work] of structure and morale so that all can give of their best .

We have defined awareness as the disposition to take into account in choices , and we have always insisted that although a capacity to recall a feeling is necessary to continuing awareness of it , a constant maintenance of the feeling is not .
we have defined awareness as the disposition to take into account in choices , and we have always insisted that although a capacity to recall a feeling is necessary to continuing awareness of it , a constant [work] of the feeling is not .

From then on , South Metropolitan cars only ran to Penge on odd occasions , usually as football extras on Saturday afternoons , or for track maintenance .
from then on , south metropolitan cars only ran to penge on odd occasions , usually as football extras on saturday afternoons , or for track [work] .

Owing to the difficulties of transfer , full maintenance facilities were installed in Penge depôt , as well as Sutton .
owing to the difficulties of transfer , full [work] facilities were installed in penge depôt , as well as sutton .

On 10 November 1921 , a new agreement was drawn up between the Company and Croydon Corporation for maintenance of track within the Borough and to permit the construction of a curve at the top of Tamworth Road , only to be used for the transfer of cars .
on 10 november 1921 , a new agreement was drawn up between the company and croydon corporation for [work] of track within the borough and to permit the construction of a curve at the top of tamworth road , only to be used for the transfer of cars .

Conditions were quite chaotic and standards of maintenance were poor .
conditions were quite chaotic and standards of [work] were poor .

‘ By comparison , there are 1,566 capitalised at under £100m and the maintenance of two markets covering smaller companies no longer makes sense' , say Beeson Gregory .
‘ by comparison , there are 1,566 capitalised at under £100m and the [work] of two markets covering smaller companies no longer makes sense' , say beeson gregory .

The Net Book Agreement regulates the uniform system of resale price maintenance in the book trade .
the net book agreement regulates the uniform system of resale price [work] in the book trade .

It argued that without them : it would not be possible , in practice , to operate a system of resale price maintenance because it would be impracticable for each publisher to specify his own conditions of sale ; booksellers would find it impossible to comply with all the varied terms imposed by different publishers ; booksellers would lose their assurance that they were not being undercut ; and the Association itself could not effectively monitor individual resale agreements .
it argued that without them : it would not be possible , in practice , to operate a system of resale price [work] because it would be impracticable for each publisher to specify his own conditions of sale ; booksellers would find it impossible to comply with all the varied terms imposed by different publishers ; booksellers would lose their assurance that they were not being undercut ; and the association itself could not effectively monitor individual resale agreements .

The Regulations cover working environment , such as temperature and ventilation ; safety , such as condition of floors and escalators ; facilities , such as toilets and washing facilities — there are new provisions here regarding rest areas with arrangements for non-smokers and rest facilities for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and house-keeping , such as maintenance of the work-place , equipment and facilities .
the regulations cover working environment , such as temperature and ventilation ; safety , such as condition of floors and escalators ; facilities , such as toilets and washing facilities — there are new provisions here regarding rest areas with arrangements for non-smokers and rest facilities for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and house-keeping , such as [work] of the work-place , equipment and facilities .

The management had claimed the holes , connected to a maintenance corridor , were put in when the hotel was built .
the management had claimed the holes , connected to a [work] corridor , were put in when the hotel was built .

His quoted boiler maintenance and power generator service company , Prospect Industries , achieved profits of £3.5m on sales of £30m last year .
his quoted boiler [work] and power generator service company , prospect industries , achieved profits of £3.5m on sales of £30m last year .

Dunn , which is based in Burton-on-Trent , specialises in maintenance work in the electricity industry .
dunn , which is based in burton-on-trent , specialises in [work] work in the electricity industry .

This provides the Institute with a unique influence in the maintenance of technical standards .
this provides the institute with a unique influence in the [work] of technical standards .

But by seeking suggestions from front-line staff maintenance and overhaul engineers — the company came up with savings that were three times greater than those targeted .
but by seeking suggestions from front-line staff [work] and overhaul engineers — the company came up with savings that were three times greater than those targeted .

Nevertheless , its significance as a deterrent and to ensure the maintenance of proper records and operating systems should not be under-rated .
nevertheless , its significance as a deterrent and to ensure the [work] of proper records and operating systems should not be under-rated .

Audit committees are only as good as their members : they will help to enhance standards of corporate governance only if they are made up of truly independent non-executive directors with the experience , the skill and the commitment to : challenge knowledgeably , incisively and fearlessly the actions and judgments of management as they relate to the financial reporting process ; monitor actively management 's commitment to the maintenance of an effective system of internal control ; support the auditors by encouraging them to discuss their findings and views freely ; and act independently and objectively in helping to resolve differences of view between auditors and management .
audit committees are only as good as their members : they will help to enhance standards of corporate governance only if they are made up of truly independent non-executive directors with the experience , the skill and the commitment to : challenge knowledgeably , incisively and fearlessly the actions and judgments of management as they relate to the financial reporting process ; monitor actively management 's commitment to the [work] of an effective system of internal control ; support the auditors by encouraging them to discuss their findings and views freely ; and act independently and objectively in helping to resolve differences of view between auditors and management .

Although responsibility for road maintenance lay with local parishes , they rarely carried out this duty with any degree of efficiency , let alone enthusiasm .
although responsibility for road [work] lay with local parishes , they rarely carried out this duty with any degree of efficiency , let alone enthusiasm .

Sussex smugglers traded in luxury goods , particularly wine and tea , essential to the maintenance of genteel civility and it took rare , almost obsessive , members of the landed hierarchy to take a consistently firm line against it .
sussex smugglers traded in luxury goods , particularly wine and tea , essential to the [work] of genteel civility and it took rare , almost obsessive , members of the landed hierarchy to take a consistently firm line against it .

The maintenance staff has been working 18-hour shifts to bring the hospital into full operation .
the [work] staff has been working 18-hour shifts to bring the hospital into full operation .

Both companies have compatible fleets , generating significant savings in maintenance , fuel buying , catering and other in-flight services .
both companies have compatible fleets , generating significant savings in [work] , fuel buying , catering and other in-flight services .

On the one hand we have an internal authority which directs techniques to the maintenance of traditional practices , and on the other we have an external authority which directs techniques to the implementation of change .
on the one hand we have an internal authority which directs techniques to the [work] of traditional practices , and on the other we have an external authority which directs techniques to the implementation of change .

Where reciprocal interaction is concerned in particular , the achievement of communicative purpose also involves , indeed depends upon , the maintenance of rapport between the interlocutors .
where reciprocal interaction is concerned in particular , the achievement of communicative purpose also involves , indeed depends upon , the [work] of rapport between the interlocutors .

And indeed in some cases of conversation , the maintenance of rapport , the sharing of affective territory , the achievement of mutually acceptable states of mind is not the means towards an effective communicative transaction but the very object of the interaction itself .
and indeed in some cases of conversation , the [work] of rapport , the sharing of affective territory , the achievement of mutually acceptable states of mind is not the means towards an effective communicative transaction but the very object of the interaction itself .

First there is the land ; then possibly a top golf name 's fee for designing the course ; a decent clubhouse ; maintenance .
first there is the land ; then possibly a top golf name 's fee for designing the course ; a decent clubhouse ; [work] .

‘ They can be built on considerably less land than a golf course and the cost of construction and maintenance is reasonable .
‘ they can be built on considerably less land than a golf course and the cost of construction and [work] is reasonable .

The government has refused to acknowledge the risk of a poverty trap for those forced to pay maintenance under the Child Support Act .
the government has refused to acknowledge the risk of a poverty trap for those forced to pay [work] under the child support act .

‘ Maintenance is calculated taking only a percentage of the housing costs the absent partner faces , ignoring the demands of their new partner and family .
‘ [work] is calculated taking only a percentage of the housing costs the absent partner faces , ignoring the demands of their new partner and family .

One attractive hypothesis would be that there is positive feedback , whereby tension in the cable generates an intracellular chemi- cal signal for the maintenance of tension ; this would maintain an activated state in every cell containing a segment of the taut cable .
one attractive hypothesis would be that there is positive feedback , whereby tension in the cable generates an intracellular chemi- cal signal for the [work] of tension ; this would maintain an activated state in every cell containing a segment of the taut cable .

Low overwinter fine root mortality , relative to growing season mortality , might be due to low maintenance respiration rates under cold soil temperatures , but it is unclear why roots produced in the 1989 growing season should continue to die at a slower rate during the 1990 growing season .
low overwinter fine root mortality , relative to growing season mortality , might be due to low [work] respiration rates under cold soil temperatures , but it is unclear why roots produced in the 1989 growing season should continue to die at a slower rate during the 1990 growing season .

Members of the cadherin family are prominently represented in epithelial and neural tissues , where they play important roles in morphogenesis and in maintenance of tissue integrity .
members of the cadherin family are prominently represented in epithelial and neural tissues , where they play important roles in morphogenesis and in [work] of tissue integrity .

For it to be plausible , continual adaptation must be necessary for the maintenance of the life history , just as the Red Queen had to keep running to stay in the same place .
for it to be plausible , continual adaptation must be necessary for the [work] of the life history , just as the red queen had to keep running to stay in the same place .

The prison offers a mixture of straight employment and trade training courses , together with the many jobs which are essential to the daily running of an institution : cleaners , cooks , maintenance parties for both the buildings and the grounds .
the prison offers a mixture of straight employment and trade training courses , together with the many jobs which are essential to the daily running of an institution : cleaners , cooks , [work] parties for both the buildings and the grounds .

Thus the implications of the Eucharistic nature of the Church have never been recognized by Church authority in areas of an acute shortage of priests ; and when , in some of them , episcopal conferences have requested permission to ordain married men to ensure the maintenance of a minimum of regular Eucharistic celebration in local communities , they have been rebuffed by Rome .
thus the implications of the eucharistic nature of the church have never been recognized by church authority in areas of an acute shortage of priests ; and when , in some of them , episcopal conferences have requested permission to ordain married men to ensure the [work] of a minimum of regular eucharistic celebration in local communities , they have been rebuffed by rome .

The list of reforms the Conservative government has undertaken in social security is long : the Fowler reviews ; the removal of young people from the benefits system , and Lilley 's categoric assurance that the youth training guarantee works ; the recent changes to the system of disability benefits ; and changes to the system of child maintenance .
the list of reforms the conservative government has undertaken in social security is long : the fowler reviews ; the removal of young people from the benefits system , and lilley 's categoric assurance that the youth training guarantee works ; the recent changes to the system of disability benefits ; and changes to the system of child [work] .

Indeed , for the local authorities ( many of whom were angry that the Government were treating nationalisation merely as a book-keeping transaction within the public sector and thus paying them little compensation for the takeover ) , the maintenance of uneconomically low prices was one way of getting their own back for the local ratepayers ( who were also usually electricity consumers ) .
indeed , for the local authorities ( many of whom were angry that the government were treating nationalisation merely as a book-keeping transaction within the public sector and thus paying them little compensation for the takeover ) , the [work] of uneconomically low prices was one way of getting their own back for the local ratepayers ( who were also usually electricity consumers ) .

The public corporations — and especially the capital-intensive Electricity Boards — had , it is true , underpinned the sustained high level of both private and public investment spending in postwar years which was one option in a Keynesian strategy for the avoidance of slump and the maintenance of full employment .
the public corporations — and especially the capital-intensive electricity boards — had , it is true , underpinned the sustained high level of both private and public investment spending in postwar years which was one option in a keynesian strategy for the avoidance of slump and the [work] of full employment .

Its job is to chase fathers , whether married or not , for maintenance money .
its job is to chase fathers , whether married or not , for [work] money .

In 1989 only 13 % of single mothers received any maintenance , and average payments were lower , at £14.94 ( $ 13 ) a week , than the average of £26.81 for all lone parents .
in 1989 only 13 % of single mothers received any [work] , and average payments were lower , at £14.94 ( $ 13 ) a week , than the average of £26.81 for all lone parents .

Some of the ways of doing this are more effective , and create less toxic waste , than others , but many of them share a concern with maintenance at the cost of growth .
some of the ways of doing this are more effective , and create less toxic waste , than others , but many of them share a concern with [work] at the cost of growth .

The ‘ Bahamas ’ crew have worked out that for every hour on the main line , 30 hours of maintenance are required , quite a daunting thought .
the ‘ bahamas ’ crew have worked out that for every hour on the main line , 30 hours of [work] are required , quite a daunting thought .

Their many satisfied customers include gas and electricity companies , motor manufacturers , circuit board makers and steam railway maintenance organisations .
their many satisfied customers include gas and electricity companies , motor manufacturers , circuit board makers and steam railway [work] organisations .

Kate launched into an account of the problems associated with Victorian drainage , notably lack of maintenance in the past and rats in the present .
kate launched into an account of the problems associated with victorian drainage , notably lack of [work] in the past and rats in the present .

But the eternal and temporal worlds met in the maintenance of rights given to the saints and committed to his guardianship .
but the eternal and temporal worlds met in the [work] of rights given to the saints and committed to his guardianship .

English Heritage says , however , that since the publication of the strategy , they have had seventeen expressions of interest from local authorities and that they will only hand over in cases where they are sure that maintenance will be adequate and public access guaranteed : ‘ We will do everything we can to assist those authorities that need help by giving guidance and support — which could include pump-priming of posts … There is no question of selling the properties or of forcing involvement of local people ’ .
english heritage says , however , that since the publication of the strategy , they have had seventeen expressions of interest from local authorities and that they will only hand over in cases where they are sure that [work] will be adequate and public access guaranteed : ‘ we will do everything we can to assist those authorities that need help by giving guidance and support — which could include pump-priming of posts … there is no question of selling the properties or of forcing involvement of local people ’ .

Once that has been completed the scaffolding will be removed and the Banco di Roma will provide indefinitely for a team of gardeners and maintenance officers to keep the upper walls free of weeds that grow in the crevices , loosening small bits of masonry and concrete that are then dislodged by birds or lizards .
once that has been completed the scaffolding will be removed and the banco di roma will provide indefinitely for a team of gardeners and [work] officers to keep the upper walls free of weeds that grow in the crevices , loosening small bits of masonry and concrete that are then dislodged by birds or lizards .

And they need very little maintenance and no spare parts .
and they need very little [work] and no spare parts .

In addition , it is the young old — those in their sixties and seventies — who play a major part , disproportionate to their numbers , in the maintenance of voluntary organizations which contribute not only to the welfare of the disadvantaged but also to the cultural activities of the country at large .
in addition , it is the young old — those in their sixties and seventies — who play a major part , disproportionate to their numbers , in the [work] of voluntary organizations which contribute not only to the welfare of the disadvantaged but also to the cultural activities of the country at large .

The workshops at Kingsmere carry out all maintenance work on the railway as well as building its rolling stock .
the workshops at kingsmere carry out all [work] work on the railway as well as building its rolling stock .

This results in improved maintenance .
this results in improved [work] .

Jim described it as a ‘ user friendly ’ locomotive , it is possible to keep on using the machine continuously without having to take it out of service for maintenance .
jim described it as a ‘ user friendly ’ locomotive , it is possible to keep on using the machine continuously without having to take it out of service for [work] .

These changes gave museums the right to retain what they earned , to privatise some of their services such as restaurants , publishing etc , and also gave them responsibility for the maintenance of their buildings .
these changes gave museums the right to retain what they earned , to privatise some of their services such as restaurants , publishing etc , and also gave them responsibility for the [work] of their buildings .

The steam centre based in the Warwick Road , Birmingham is situated in between the main British Rail diesel multiple unit maintenance depot and re-fuelling sidings , complete with a large car-park for several hundred cars .
the steam centre based in the warwick road , birmingham is situated in between the main british rail diesel multiple unit [work] depot and re-fuelling sidings , complete with a large car-park for several hundred cars .

On 26 February a conference will be held in Dublin on The Future of the Country House , focusing on historic houses and gardens and the problems of their maintenance and conservation .
on 26 february a conference will be held in dublin on the future of the country house , focusing on historic houses and gardens and the problems of their [work] and conservation .

The budget cutbacks eliminated funds that would have gone to reinstallation , maintenance , and security .
the budget cutbacks eliminated funds that would have gone to reinstallation , [work] , and security .

In the last resort the aims of the Council were to be achieved by ‘ discussion of questions of common concern and by agreements and common action in economic , social , scientific , legal and administrative matters and in the maintenance and further realisation of human rights and fundamental freedoms ’ .
in the last resort the aims of the council were to be achieved by ‘ discussion of questions of common concern and by agreements and common action in economic , social , scientific , legal and administrative matters and in the [work] and further realisation of human rights and fundamental freedoms ’ .

The overall quality levels of restoration and maintenance are probably higher now than ever before and market values have aided this aspect .
the overall quality levels of restoration and [work] are probably higher now than ever before and market values have aided this aspect .

Whether you are providing a 30 hour crash course for pre-intermediate students , or an 80 hour maintenance programme at post-proficiency level , you will find Fast Forward offers the right kind of material , the right amount of material , and the most balanced and effective approach for your learners .
whether you are providing a 30 hour crash course for pre-intermediate students , or an 80 hour [work] programme at post-proficiency level , you will find fast forward offers the right kind of material , the right amount of material , and the most balanced and effective approach for your learners .

The studio contracted with the firm to provide maintenance support for the entire aircraft fleet during the filming , no small feat given the diversity of the equipment and the logistical requirements .
the studio contracted with the firm to provide [work] support for the entire aircraft fleet during the filming , no small feat given the diversity of the equipment and the logistical requirements .

Maintenance was performed under the direction of the late John King , whose eleven man crew attended to making sure each of the aircraft was ready for its required film assignment .
[work] was performed under the direction of the late john king , whose eleven man crew attended to making sure each of the aircraft was ready for its required film assignment .

Comparative land values indicated the superiority of free labour ; Steele 's Barbados experiment was taken as a success economically as well as morally ; evidence comparing hired out slave labour in Virginia with the maintenance of free labour in Pennsylvania indicated the relative cheapness of free labour .
comparative land values indicated the superiority of free labour ; steele 's barbados experiment was taken as a success economically as well as morally ; evidence comparing hired out slave labour in virginia with the [work] of free labour in pennsylvania indicated the relative cheapness of free labour .

Good filtration and maintenance are essential in the overcrowded conditions of a Mbuna tank so the set-up utilises four different methods of filtration .
good filtration and [work] are essential in the overcrowded conditions of a mbuna tank so the set-up utilises four different methods of filtration .

Remember , though , that you need to get at an internal filter for maintenance , so do n't make it completely inaccessible .
remember , though , that you need to get at an internal filter for [work] , so do n't make it completely inaccessible .

Good fish husbandry and maintenance of water quality is of paramount importance in keeping these any many other disease organisms in check .
good fish husbandry and [work] of water quality is of paramount importance in keeping these any many other disease organisms in check .

Happily , Japanese Gardens are not only beautiful , tranquil places to be , but inexpensive to set up , low on maintenance and , arguably , the most resourceful way to make use of limited space .
happily , japanese gardens are not only beautiful , tranquil places to be , but inexpensive to set up , low on [work] and , arguably , the most resourceful way to make use of limited space .

Make every element of the garden accessible for regular maintenance .
make every element of the garden accessible for regular [work] .

Unlike so many beginners to Koi-keeping , Ken 's first pond was right on the button in terms of size , practicality and ease of maintenance .
unlike so many beginners to koi-keeping , ken 's first pond was right on the button in terms of size , practicality and ease of [work] .

Daily maintenance consists merely of giving the walls and floor of the pond a once-over with a soft-bristled broom , to keep down blanketweed : suspended matter is then whisked away to both filters , and what they miss is picked up by the skimmer .
daily [work] consists merely of giving the walls and floor of the pond a once-over with a soft-bristled broom , to keep down blanketweed : suspended matter is then whisked away to both filters , and what they miss is picked up by the skimmer .

Fit isolation valves either side of your pump , so you can easily remove it for maintenance and repair .
fit isolation valves either side of your pump , so you can easily remove it for [work] and repair .

If you are planning to have windows replaced anyway for maintenance purposes , you should obviously take the opportunity to have sealed-unit double glazing fitted as standard .
if you are planning to have windows replaced anyway for [work] purposes , you should obviously take the opportunity to have sealed-unit double glazing fitted as standard .

Secondly , electronic ignition means low maintenance and easy starting .
secondly , electronic ignition means low [work] and easy starting .

They 'll take at least two years before they become fully established then very little maintenance will be needed .
they 'll take at least two years before they become fully established then very little [work] will be needed .

The LEAs are responsible for capital expenditure on school premises , furniture and maintenance .
the leas are responsible for capital expenditure on school premises , furniture and [work] .

Characteristically his intervention in this way is a response to some other human requirement ; for example , a maintenance man may wish to have a particular sub-system shut down for his attention or a user of the system product may wish to receive a different input to meet his purposes .
characteristically his intervention in this way is a response to some other human requirement ; for example , a [work] man may wish to have a particular sub-system shut down for his attention or a user of the system product may wish to receive a different input to meet his purposes .

Even if there is no dependence on human performance in the on-line operational mode it is bound to exist in the maintenance mode .
even if there is no dependence on human performance in the on-line operational mode it is bound to exist in the [work] mode .

for example , a motor/pump system may well have its own controls , there will be standard maintenance procedures and there will be an operation/maintenance manual .
for example , a motor/pump system may well have its own controls , there will be standard [work] procedures and there will be an operation/maintenance manual .

The system being constructed will require its own operating instructions , maintenance procedures and perhaps safety regulations .
the system being constructed will require its own operating instructions , [work] procedures and perhaps safety regulations .

These include the operating instructions , the maintenance instructions , the suppliers ' instruction manuals , the safety regulations and instructions for particular emergencies .
these include the operating instructions , the [work] instructions , the suppliers ' instruction manuals , the safety regulations and instructions for particular emergencies .

The most common failings are to rely too much on words rather than extensively labelled diagrams , to use technical terms and concepts which the user may not understand , to focus on what it is at the expense of what it does and to fail to separate the needs of the operator from the details which are needed to set up the device , to locate faults , to provide remedies and to provide routine maintenance .
the most common failings are to rely too much on words rather than extensively labelled diagrams , to use technical terms and concepts which the user may not understand , to focus on what it is at the expense of what it does and to fail to separate the needs of the operator from the details which are needed to set up the device , to locate faults , to provide remedies and to provide routine [work] .

Even when design attention can be focussed on the interaction within a single man-machine sub-system it emerges that the man may have very different roles in setting-up , operation and maintenance of his particular machine and each role may require separate man-machine allocation considerations .
even when design attention can be focussed on the interaction within a single man-machine sub-system it emerges that the man may have very different roles in setting-up , operation and [work] of his particular machine and each role may require separate man-machine allocation considerations .

Checklists are used in the pre-start mode , for routine maintenance and for fault-finding .
checklists are used in the pre-start mode , for routine [work] and for fault-finding .

Consider for example the maintenance engineer operating as a diagnostician .
consider for example the [work] engineer operating as a diagnostician .

He will shift very rapidly between different representations of the equipment ; the thing itself , his maintenance instructions , the manual , the drawings of the system , verbal discussion with a colleague , his recollection of what has happened to it in the past and so on .
he will shift very rapidly between different representations of the equipment ; the thing itself , his [work] instructions , the manual , the drawings of the system , verbal discussion with a colleague , his recollection of what has happened to it in the past and so on .

Many left bequests to educational establishments ‘ to the maintenance of Christ 's holy gospel ’ ; others gave financial support , either during their lifetimes or through their wills , for the endowment of lectureships or the payment of stipends to preachers .
many left bequests to educational establishments ‘ to the [work] of christ 's holy gospel ’ ; others gave financial support , either during their lifetimes or through their wills , for the endowment of lectureships or the payment of stipends to preachers .

Things may not be as bad as they seem , and some thorough maintenance work may give your existing windows a new lease of life and save you a lot of money .
things may not be as bad as they seem , and some thorough [work] work may give your existing windows a new lease of life and save you a lot of money .

This is the cheaper option , but it may leave you stuck with single glazing and a recurrence of your existing maintenance problems in a few years time .
this is the cheaper option , but it may leave you stuck with single glazing and a recurrence of your existing [work] problems in a few years time .

Your second option is to go for replacement windows that combine the latest design and constructional techniques with materials that promise minimal maintenance , and which include the bonus of having sealed-unit double glazing and built-in weatherstripping .
your second option is to go for replacement windows that combine the latest design and constructional techniques with materials that promise minimal [work] , and which include the bonus of having sealed-unit double glazing and built-in weatherstripping .

Set against these points is the familiar maintenance problem : softwood windows need regular decoration to keep rot at bay , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep then in good condition .
set against these points is the familiar [work] problem : softwood windows need regular decoration to keep rot at bay , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep then in good condition .

Their advantages are : they are generally made to measure , so awkward sizes are n't a problem ; they need minimal maintenance ; and they usually have integral weatherstripping .
their advantages are : they are generally made to measure , so awkward sizes are n't a problem ; they need minimal [work] ; and they usually have integral weatherstripping .

Their main advantages are : the frame members are very good insulators , so condensation is not a problem ; they can be fixed directly to masonry ; they need virtually no maintenance ; and they come in a wide range of styles .
their main advantages are : the frame members are very good insulators , so condensation is not a problem ; they can be fixed directly to masonry ; they need virtually no [work] ; and they come in a wide range of styles .

Push into the ground until it 's stable , plant your climbers , and in about two years time , you 'll have a perfect cottage garden arch , needing no maintenance .
push into the ground until it 's stable , plant your climbers , and in about two years time , you 'll have a perfect cottage garden arch , needing no [work] .

The association produces two useful booklets : Carpet Facts ( which tells you all you need to know about different types of carpet and how to choose the right colours and designs for your home ) ; and Carpet Care ( which gives tips on cleaning and maintenance ) .
the association produces two useful booklets : carpet facts ( which tells you all you need to know about different types of carpet and how to choose the right colours and designs for your home ) ; and carpet care ( which gives tips on cleaning and [work] ) .

In the absence of any agreement with your neighbour , you will not have any rights to carry out repairs or general maintenance works to the exposed face of your wall .
in the absence of any agreement with your neighbour , you will not have any rights to carry out repairs or general [work] works to the exposed face of your wall .

There is also the possibility of your neighbour erecting a wall within his own land , which would then make it impossible for you to carry out any maintenance works , even if you were able to gain access to your neighbour 's land .
there is also the possibility of your neighbour erecting a wall within his own land , which would then make it impossible for you to carry out any [work] works , even if you were able to gain access to your neighbour 's land .

Badly corroded metal gutters and downpipes can be replaced with the plastic type , which are light , easy to fix and maintenance free .
badly corroded metal gutters and downpipes can be replaced with the plastic type , which are light , easy to fix and [work] free .

By the 1870s the machine has become so sophisticated that it needs more educated people to run it , to learn new techniques of maintenance and improvement , and to keep up its momentum .
by the 1870s the machine has become so sophisticated that it needs more educated people to run it , to learn new techniques of [work] and improvement , and to keep up its momentum .

Mains gas is supplied to around 85 % of British homes : it 's available ‘ on tap ’ ( there 's no need to store it ready for use ) ; it 's clean ; it 's easy to control ; and the equipment that uses it needs very little maintenance .
mains gas is supplied to around 85 % of british homes : it 's available ‘ on tap ’ ( there 's no need to store it ready for use ) ; it 's clean ; it 's easy to control ; and the equipment that uses it needs very little [work] .

It 's clean to use , very simple to control , appliances need virtually no maintenance , and are simple to install , with no need for flues .
it 's clean to use , very simple to control , appliances need virtually no [work] , and are simple to install , with no need for flues .

Presented in a neat and robust grey plastic carrying case with a handle , which opens into three sections , it contains everything you 're likely to need for drilling , screwdriving , and small maintenance jobs , including a centre punch , automatic centre punch and countersink .
presented in a neat and robust grey plastic carrying case with a handle , which opens into three sections , it contains everything you 're likely to need for drilling , screwdriving , and small [work] jobs , including a centre punch , automatic centre punch and countersink .

Those who do routine maintenance and even major repairs themselves will know that it 's no fun lying on your back under the car , trying to release that stubborn sump plug or awkward steering joint .
those who do routine [work] and even major repairs themselves will know that it 's no fun lying on your back under the car , trying to release that stubborn sump plug or awkward steering joint .

Die-hard enthusiasts may prefer one the full length of the car to cater for all maintenance without having to turn the car round .
die-hard enthusiasts may prefer one the full length of the car to cater for all [work] without having to turn the car round .

The information is mostly of concern to the crew in the pilot 's cabin , who will then make the necessary course , altitude and speed corrections , and note items of equipment which may need a maintenance check , once the aircraft has reached its destination .
the information is mostly of concern to the crew in the pilot 's cabin , who will then make the necessary course , altitude and speed corrections , and note items of equipment which may need a [work] check , once the aircraft has reached its destination .

Its maintenance costs can absorb a major proportion of the available funds .
its [work] costs can absorb a major proportion of the available funds .

The symbolic roles of political leaders preoccupied Pareto and Mosca , who characterized them in a persistently cynical way as outright manipulation or fraud , simple tricks essential to the maintenance of elite control over the mass .
the symbolic roles of political leaders preoccupied pareto and mosca , who characterized them in a persistently cynical way as outright manipulation or fraud , simple tricks essential to the [work] of elite control over the mass .

The Public Order Act reflected the police concern about the use of uniformed paramilitary groups which might challenge their monopoly of law enforcement and maintenance of public order , together with more general worries about the necessity of maintaining social control and of preventing provocative behaviour against law-abiding citizens .
the public order act reflected the police concern about the use of uniformed paramilitary groups which might challenge their monopoly of law enforcement and [work] of public order , together with more general worries about the necessity of maintaining social control and of preventing provocative behaviour against law-abiding citizens .

Likewise Durkheim 's thoroughly Jewish God was a commendably sociable figure charged above all else with the maintenance of social order and morality amongst the faithful .
likewise durkheim 's thoroughly jewish god was a commendably sociable figure charged above all else with the [work] of social order and morality amongst the faithful .

Besides , few would be prepared consciously to adopt this attitude , and would be concerned to square their final position with maintenance of an attitude less partial to themselves .
besides , few would be prepared consciously to adopt this attitude , and would be concerned to square their final position with [work] of an attitude less partial to themselves .

This initiative was taken in Trieste in 1973 , when all patients who had undergone ‘ ergotherapy ’ in the hospital combined together as a co-operative to carry out cooking , ward work , cleaning and maintenance tasks .
this initiative was taken in trieste in 1973 , when all patients who had undergone ‘ ergotherapy ’ in the hospital combined together as a co-operative to carry out cooking , ward work , cleaning and [work] tasks .

But this idea of care in the locality is little different from one which follows the need for an effective division of labour to be adopted by health maintenance organizations .
but this idea of care in the locality is little different from one which follows the need for an effective division of labour to be adopted by health [work] organizations .

We hear much about the supposed benefits of object-oriented technology : shorter product development times , easier maintenance , better portability , all purportedly resulting in better quality products .
we hear much about the supposed benefits of object-oriented technology : shorter product development times , easier [work] , better portability , all purportedly resulting in better quality products .

Troubles continue to pile up for Sequoia Systems Inc and now Ultimate Corp has filed a lawsuit against it alleging among other things that Sequoia has sold and attempted to sell its computer systems and maintenance services directly to Ultimate 's dealers and customers in violation of its contractual obligations , that it has disparaged and defamed Ultimate to such customers and dealers , and has interfered with Ultimate 's relationships with such customers and dealers .
troubles continue to pile up for sequoia systems inc and now ultimate corp has filed a lawsuit against it alleging among other things that sequoia has sold and attempted to sell its computer systems and [work] services directly to ultimate 's dealers and customers in violation of its contractual obligations , that it has disparaged and defamed ultimate to such customers and dealers , and has interfered with ultimate 's relationships with such customers and dealers .

‘ Now that we only have the one line , we want to catch up on the backlog of maintenance and repairs .
‘ now that we only have the one line , we want to catch up on the backlog of [work] and repairs .

Steam galas are fun , but the more mundane tasks of winter maintenance are every bit as important .
steam galas are fun , but the more mundane tasks of winter [work] are every bit as important .

The trackwork is in good order and except for minor repairs to boundary fences , the railway 's own winter maintenance concentrated on locos and rolling stock .
the trackwork is in good order and except for minor repairs to boundary fences , the railway 's own winter [work] concentrated on locos and rolling stock .

Consistent ball bounce , non slip surface , quick drying surface , all year round playability , easy on the legs , low maintenance , would all be at the top of any aspiring club champion 's list of requirements .
consistent ball bounce , non slip surface , quick drying surface , all year round playability , easy on the legs , low [work] , would all be at the top of any aspiring club champion 's list of requirements .

Maintenance is the key to both performance and lifespan and to help with this , Omnicourt has set up a helpline , on .
[work] is the key to both performance and lifespan and to help with this , omnicourt has set up a helpline , on .

Walu 's unique design , which sees a high quality , white polyester cover stretched over a cross timber frame , ensures durability with minimal maintenance .
walu 's unique design , which sees a high quality , white polyester cover stretched over a cross timber frame , ensures durability with minimal [work] .

‘ They are based on a freelance design and one of the main things was make them with a view to easy maintenance , ’ explained Mr Blackhurst .
‘ they are based on a freelance design and one of the main things was make them with a view to easy [work] , ’ explained mr blackhurst .

The position is in the instrumentation group and involves design and maintenance work , and work in support of the activities of the In-house experimental groups and the visiting groups .
the position is in the instrumentation group and involves design and [work] work , and work in support of the activities of the in-house experimental groups and the visiting groups .

‘ This obviously reflects in the amount of track maintenance that is needed ; it is like the painting of the Forth Bridge — we never stop ! ’
‘ this obviously reflects in the amount of track [work] that is needed ; it is like the painting of the forth bridge — we never stop ! ’

The whole question of eye care and hygiene and the use and proper maintenance of aids to vision needs to be included and discussed in the health education curriculum .
the whole question of eye care and hygiene and the use and proper [work] of aids to vision needs to be included and discussed in the health education curriculum .

He called for ‘ the holding of free elections , the putting into practice of popular liberties and democracy , and the existence of democratic institutions opposed to the maintenance of a system of communist feudalism and Politburo dynasticism .
he called for ‘ the holding of free elections , the putting into practice of popular liberties and democracy , and the existence of democratic institutions opposed to the [work] of a system of communist feudalism and politburo dynasticism .

Also , Tabitha never quite got around to doing as much maintenance as she meant to .
also , tabitha never quite got around to doing as much [work] as she meant to .

Western thinkers and the public are concerned — morally and intellectually — with understanding the part played by aggression and conflict in the construction and maintenance of social life .
western thinkers and the public are concerned — morally and intellectually — with understanding the part played by aggression and conflict in the construction and [work] of social life .

Continued life and growth depend ultimately on the maintenance of tranquillity within the human community , which is a prerequisite for the continued assistance of the spirits of the earth .
continued life and growth depend ultimately on the [work] of tranquillity within the human community , which is a prerequisite for the continued assistance of the spirits of the earth .

The fact is that the Company accumulated profits in reserves before embarking on the building of Churston maintenance shed of which the article makes mention .
the fact is that the company accumulated profits in reserves before embarking on the building of churston [work] shed of which the article makes mention .

‘ This will mean we can carry out maintenance and restoration of diesels under cover ’ .
‘ this will mean we can carry out [work] and restoration of diesels under cover ’ .

The rents were raised , to general dissatisfaction , but were still inadequate to cover the maintenance costs of a poorly constructed building and there were the usual acrimonious disputes between the tenants and the landlords .
the rents were raised , to general dissatisfaction , but were still inadequate to cover the [work] costs of a poorly constructed building and there were the usual acrimonious disputes between the tenants and the landlords .

If they used the money that they take from us for the maintenance of the camp we would live like kings .
if they used the money that they take from us for the [work] of the camp we would live like kings .

Apart from the clear advantages of having a joint strategic plan for mental health services , a joint buying consortium would have much enhanced buying power and could lead , too , to considerable economies in developing information systems and a pooling of skills in service development and the maintenance of standards of care .
apart from the clear advantages of having a joint strategic plan for mental health services , a joint buying consortium would have much enhanced buying power and could lead , too , to considerable economies in developing information systems and a pooling of skills in service development and the [work] of standards of care .

Occasionally the builder may raise minor maintenance problems to justify his failure to pay for work executed or to release retention .
occasionally the builder may raise minor [work] problems to justify his failure to pay for work executed or to release retention .

Half of the retention would be released upon the completion of the work by the sub-contractor and the balance at the end of the ’ contract ’ maintenance period , provided that all defects in the subcontractor 's work have been made good .
half of the retention would be released upon the completion of the work by the sub-contractor and the balance at the end of the ’ contract ’ [work] period , provided that all defects in the subcontractor 's work have been made good .

The labour constant should provide for meal breaks , weather , site conditions , time spent receiving and understanding instructions , locating materials and plant , measuring and setting out , maintenance of plant , clearing up , and observance of safety regulations .
the labour constant should provide for meal breaks , weather , site conditions , time spent receiving and understanding instructions , locating materials and plant , measuring and setting out , [work] of plant , clearing up , and observance of safety regulations .

The local authority therefore lays down the specification for the road construction and in view of the long-term maintenance obligations , insists on high standards of workmanship and materials .
the local authority therefore lays down the specification for the road construction and in view of the long-term [work] obligations , insists on high standards of workmanship and materials .

Examples would include the provision and maintenance of fences , roads , drains , sewers and private sewage disposal works .
examples would include the provision and [work] of fences , roads , drains , sewers and private sewage disposal works .

The water authority now have the responsibility for foul sewers , but they often delegate certain aspects of administration and maintenance to the engineer and surveyor 's department of the local authority .
the water authority now have the responsibility for foul sewers , but they often delegate certain aspects of administration and [work] to the engineer and surveyor 's department of the local authority .

Republican leaders , however , were equally insistent upon the greatest possible devolution of authority consistent with the maintenance of a single state .
republican leaders , however , were equally insistent upon the greatest possible devolution of authority consistent with the [work] of a single state .

’ The question , it was widely remarked , embraced a number of different propositions : some voters might be in favour of the maintenance of a single state but not necessarily a socialist one , and there was little guidance — apart from the draft union treaty — about the nature of a ‘ renewed federation ’ .
’ the question , it was widely remarked , embraced a number of different propositions : some voters might be in favour of the [work] of a single state but not necessarily a socialist one , and there was little guidance — apart from the draft union treaty — about the nature of a ‘ renewed federation ’ .

Examples of such restraints are exclusive distribution agreements , exclusive purchasing agreements , selective distribution systems and exclusive franchises , de-ins and full-line forcing , refusal to supply , and attempts at resale price maintenance .
examples of such restraints are exclusive distribution agreements , exclusive purchasing agreements , selective distribution systems and exclusive franchises , de-ins and full-line forcing , refusal to supply , and attempts at resale price [work] .

( iii ) The Acquisition and Maintenance of Dominant Positions
( iii ) the acquisition and [work] of dominant positions

the acquisition and maintenance of dominant positions .
the acquisition and [work] of dominant positions .

Resale price maintenance : this is a system under which manufacturers contractually control the minimum level of prices charged by retailers .
resale price [work] : this is a system under which manufacturers contractually control the minimum level of prices charged by retailers .

There is retail price maintenance by the manufacturer , both maximum price and minimum price .
there is retail price [work] by the manufacturer , both maximum price and minimum price .

Resale price maintenance , quantity forcing , specification of demonstration service and promotional facilities , franchise fees , allocation of territories , and so on , can all be used to this end , assuming the manufacturer has sufficient information regarding the underlying cost and demand parameters , and assuming all are legal .
resale price [work] , quantity forcing , specification of demonstration service and promotional facilities , franchise fees , allocation of territories , and so on , can all be used to this end , assuming the manufacturer has sufficient information regarding the underlying cost and demand parameters , and assuming all are legal .

Moving on to more specific issues , theory gives comparatively little support to the legal position that resale price maintenance should be treated differently from other vertical restraints .
moving on to more specific issues , theory gives comparatively little support to the legal position that resale price [work] should be treated differently from other vertical restraints .

Since Stephen had appointed him to the permanent position of maintenance manager , he was often out on the property .
since stephen had appointed him to the permanent position of [work] manager , he was often out on the property .

Under new Law Society regulations the articled clerk must be paid an ‘ acceptable ’ salary , the intention being that this shall be at least equivalent to the undergraduate maintenance grant , grossed up to cover 52 weeks instead of 38 and further increased to take account of the income tax and national insurance contributions payable .
under new law society regulations the articled clerk must be paid an ‘ acceptable ’ salary , the intention being that this shall be at least equivalent to the undergraduate [work] grant , grossed up to cover 52 weeks instead of 38 and further increased to take account of the income tax and national insurance contributions payable .

By now there were only a few of them left , grouped like maintenance vehicles around The Fat Controller 's wide-bodied jet of a home .
by now there were only a few of them left , grouped like [work] vehicles around the fat controller 's wide-bodied jet of a home .

An errant neurotic , failing to keep up the maintenance payments to support his own creation .
an errant neurotic , failing to keep up the [work] payments to support his own creation .

First , there are connections which are established through the arrangement of information within each clause and the way this relates to the arrangement of information in preceding and following clauses and sentences ; these contribute mainly to topic development and maintenance through thematic and information structures .
first , there are connections which are established through the arrangement of information within each clause and the way this relates to the arrangement of information in preceding and following clauses and sentences ; these contribute mainly to topic development and [work] through thematic and information structures .

This pressure may result in the maintenance of a set of norms — including linguistic norms — which then flourish in opposition to publicly legitimized norms .
this pressure may result in the [work] of a set of norms — including linguistic norms — which then flourish in opposition to publicly legitimized norms .

The capacity of closeknit networks to exert normative pressure formed a basis for using this speaker variable not only descriptively , but to explore more radically patterns of language maintenance and change .
the capacity of closeknit networks to exert normative pressure formed a basis for using this speaker variable not only descriptively , but to explore more radically patterns of language [work] and change .

Maintenance or acceleration of depopulation
[work] or acceleration of depopulation

Food lay like clods of clay in his stomach and it rained , but he was supported by a sense of majesty in ideas and even in himself for having them , though this latter maintenance came and went .
food lay like clods of clay in his stomach and it rained , but he was supported by a sense of majesty in ideas and even in himself for having them , though this latter [work] came and went .

By the early 1970s , it remained true that the Labour Party was identified with the interests of the working classes , with the need for a reduction in class barriers and for the maintenance of the welfare system .
by the early 1970s , it remained true that the labour party was identified with the interests of the working classes , with the need for a reduction in class barriers and for the [work] of the welfare system .

So far this chapter has attempted first to document the range of inequalities existing today in the areas of education , health , housing , work and income maintenance services after more than thirty years of welfare state policies ; and second , to estimate the trends in these inequalities during the same period , and the effects of social policies upon them .
so far this chapter has attempted first to document the range of inequalities existing today in the areas of education , health , housing , work and income [work] services after more than thirty years of welfare state policies ; and second , to estimate the trends in these inequalities during the same period , and the effects of social policies upon them .

Until recently there would have been little dispute with the Keynesian view that the maintenance of demand in the economy was one of the central responsibilities of governments .
until recently there would have been little dispute with the keynesian view that the [work] of demand in the economy was one of the central responsibilities of governments .

Changes in medical fashion and research led to the promotion of fresh air and sunlight as beneficial to health and the Victorian female 's obsession with the maintenance of a pale complexion as a mark of class distinction gradually gave way in the early years of this century , to the pursuit of the sun , in search of a healthy tan .
changes in medical fashion and research led to the promotion of fresh air and sunlight as beneficial to health and the victorian female 's obsession with the [work] of a pale complexion as a mark of class distinction gradually gave way in the early years of this century , to the pursuit of the sun , in search of a healthy tan .

The obtaining of access and maintenance of rights of way over Pennine moorlands , particularly in the Peak District , was fundamental to their activities .
the obtaining of access and [work] of rights of way over pennine moorlands , particularly in the peak district , was fundamental to their activities .

This increase has clear policy implications since these elderly people tend to live in the worst accommodation , and owners often have difficulties in undertaking their own , or paying for , maintenance .
this increase has clear policy implications since these elderly people tend to live in the worst accommodation , and owners often have difficulties in undertaking their own , or paying for , [work] .

Such imbalances can create major problems for the provision of basic local services such as health care and education ( Briault , 1986 ; Whitelegg , 1986 ) and for the maintenance of a consistent labour supply ( Salt , 1986 ) .
such imbalances can create major problems for the provision of basic local services such as health care and education ( briault , 1986 ; whitelegg , 1986 ) and for the [work] of a consistent labour supply ( salt , 1986 ) .

Here is found the cities ' oldest remaining housing stock built to accommodate low-paid workers in adjacent factories and menial city-centre jobs and generally receiving very little maintenance as the owners await the transition of the land to a higher-value use like shops or offices or the threat of compulsory purchase for the construction of new relief roads or other types of public-sector development .
here is found the cities ' oldest remaining housing stock built to accommodate low-paid workers in adjacent factories and menial city-centre jobs and generally receiving very little [work] as the owners await the transition of the land to a higher-value use like shops or offices or the threat of compulsory purchase for the construction of new relief roads or other types of public-sector development .

Public ‘ patronage ’ , from revenues raised by taxation , has some continuities of function and attitude with earlier forms , but some quite new definitions of function , such as the deliberate maintenance and extension of the arts as a matter of general public policy .
public ‘ patronage ’ , from revenues raised by taxation , has some continuities of function and attitude with earlier forms , but some quite new definitions of function , such as the deliberate [work] and extension of the arts as a matter of general public policy .

The craft guild , or ‘ mistery ’ or ‘ company ’ , organized the artisans of a particular craft , and in most cases provided specifically for craft training and for the maintenance of craft standards .
the craft guild , or ‘ mistery ’ or ‘ company ’ , organized the artisans of a particular craft , and in most cases provided specifically for craft training and for the [work] of craft standards .

But then , second , there was a further division of labour , in the installation , maintenance and some forms of operation of the technology itself : electricians , carpenters , logistical staff .
but then , second , there was a further division of labour , in the installation , [work] and some forms of operation of the technology itself : electricians , carpenters , logistical staff .

McDonell provided a useful analysis of what is involved in addition , deletion or modification of records , so far as the maintenance and use of associative key lists is concerned ; he defined an associative key list as ‘ a list for each indexed key which joins together all the main file records containing that key ’ .
mcdonell provided a useful analysis of what is involved in addition , deletion or modification of records , so far as the [work] and use of associative key lists is concerned ; he defined an associative key list as ‘ a list for each indexed key which joins together all the main file records containing that key ’ .

If , as we believe to be the case , powers are being so exercised , then the issue of constitutional legitimacy which arises is quite simple : what is the value or use of a constitution based on and designed to ensure the maintenance of a system of limited government if it can , quite lawfully and even constitutionally , be set on one side ?
if , as we believe to be the case , powers are being so exercised , then the issue of constitutional legitimacy which arises is quite simple : what is the value or use of a constitution based on and designed to ensure the [work] of a system of limited government if it can , quite lawfully and even constitutionally , be set on one side ?

It is difficult to determine in any precise way the contribution of elections to the maintenance of legitimacy .
it is difficult to determine in any precise way the contribution of elections to the [work] of legitimacy .

If separation of powers as expressed by Montesquieu does not exist , is there nevertheless sufficient separation of functions and a sufficient incidence of checks and balances to guarantee the maintenance of liberty ?
if separation of powers as expressed by montesquieu does not exist , is there nevertheless sufficient separation of functions and a sufficient incidence of checks and balances to guarantee the [work] of liberty ?

The maintenance of this repertoire is made more difficult , in that the majority of children in Roman Catholic schools seem to be taught contemporary hymns and other religious music by religious education teachers , rather than by the music staff .
the [work] of this repertoire is made more difficult , in that the majority of children in roman catholic schools seem to be taught contemporary hymns and other religious music by religious education teachers , rather than by the music staff .

To them the maintenance of cultural roots , folk festivals and the ways of the Church ‘ back home ’ are important .
to them the [work] of cultural roots , folk festivals and the ways of the church ‘ back home ’ are important .

The maintenance of the plainsong tradition and the commitment of religious communities to the rhythm of worship is valuable to the wider Church .
the [work] of the plainsong tradition and the commitment of religious communities to the rhythm of worship is valuable to the wider church .

Those making a decision need also to have in mind that , whilst an electronic instrument requires no tuning and very little maintenance , its life expectancy is at present shorter than that of a pipe organ .
those making a decision need also to have in mind that , whilst an electronic instrument requires no tuning and very little [work] , its life expectancy is at present shorter than that of a pipe organ .

In 1958 , the system of attachment of earnings was instituted m respect of maintenance orders .
in 1958 , the system of attachment of earnings was instituted m respect of [work] orders .

Indeed , a crucial part of the new contract between the state and single parents will be for the state to continue paying the mother ( and in a few cases the father ) the maintenance payments for as long as that person is responsible for a child .
indeed , a crucial part of the new contract between the state and single parents will be for the state to continue paying the mother ( and in a few cases the father ) the [work] payments for as long as that person is responsible for a child .

The general ‘ boundary maintenance ’ around higher education goes beyond these broad criteria to do with bodies of knowledge , skill and level .
the general ‘ boundary [work] ’ around higher education goes beyond these broad criteria to do with bodies of knowledge , skill and level .

Clearly a number of factors that have to do with the history of English ( chiefly the reported merger of meat/mate in the sixteenth century ) , with patterns of language maintenance , and with phonological theory and description , have also motivated the choice of this variable , and we shall return to these in chapter 5 .
clearly a number of factors that have to do with the history of english ( chiefly the reported merger of meat/mate in the sixteenth century ) , with patterns of language [work] , and with phonological theory and description , have also motivated the choice of this variable , and we shall return to these in chapter 5 .

Prerequisite 3 : conditions that preclude maintenance of the status quo Another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of external conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .
prerequisite 3 : conditions that preclude [work] of the status quo another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of external conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .

The ultimate aim was to replace a highly differentiated workforce by single-status , multi-disciplinary process craftsmen responsible for all appropriate ancillary , maintenance and quality inspection functions .
the ultimate aim was to replace a highly differentiated workforce by single-status , multi-disciplinary process craftsmen responsible for all appropriate ancillary , [work] and quality inspection functions .

Production workers ' roles were expanded to include such indirect tasks as minor maintenance and quality assurance .
production workers ' roles were expanded to include such indirect tasks as minor [work] and quality assurance .

Schonberger ( 1986 ) argues that ‘ world-class manufacturing ’ status is not achieved merely by purchasing the latest equipment , and that the key roles of shop-floor operators in equipment set-up , maintenance and quality control need to be recombined .
schonberger ( 1986 ) argues that ‘ world-class manufacturing ’ status is not achieved merely by purchasing the latest equipment , and that the key roles of shop-floor operators in equipment set-up , [work] and quality control need to be recombined .

Management introduced unsupervised autonomous groups , or ‘ high-performance teams ’ , each with around a dozen members , with full ‘ front to back responsibility ’ for product assembly and test , fault finding and problem solving , as well as some equipment maintenance .
management introduced unsupervised autonomous groups , or ‘ high-performance teams ’ , each with around a dozen members , with full ‘ front to back responsibility ’ for product assembly and test , fault finding and problem solving , as well as some equipment [work] .

Quality control is not ‘ externalized ’ , nor is maintenance , to anything like the same degree as in more traditional modernist organizations .
quality control is not ‘ externalized ’ , nor is [work] , to anything like the same degree as in more traditional modernist organizations .

Much of the routine preventive maintenance is done by the operators who use the machines .
much of the routine preventive [work] is done by the operators who use the machines .

Finally , technical inputs of equipment and components , as well as the maintenance of markets , will depend upon insertion into a diversified manufacturing sector in which public policy plays a coherent role in establishing and maintaining linkages .
finally , technical inputs of equipment and components , as well as the [work] of markets , will depend upon insertion into a diversified manufacturing sector in which public policy plays a coherent role in establishing and maintaining linkages .

Moscovici draws special attention to two social psychological processes involved in the creation and maintenance of social representations : anchoring and objectification .
moscovici draws special attention to two social psychological processes involved in the creation and [work] of social representations : anchoring and objectification .

There is a danger that this picture will omit the role of argumentation and the clash between justification and criticism in the maintenance of social knowledge .
there is a danger that this picture will omit the role of argumentation and the clash between justification and criticism in the [work] of social knowledge .

The local authorities have in recent times been empowered to control both the use to which property is put and the maintenance of premises .
the local authorities have in recent times been empowered to control both the use to which property is put and the [work] of premises .

Where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty execution of any work of construction , maintenance or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier , the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps ( if any ) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done .
where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty execution of any work of construction , [work] or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier , the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps ( if any ) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done .

The erection and maintenance of suitable notice boards or fencing or both , or the giving of suitable oral warning … will usually constitute reasonable endeavours for this purpose .
the erection and [work] of suitable notice boards or fencing or both , or the giving of suitable oral warning … will usually constitute reasonable endeavours for this purpose .

Parallel to this contrast is another , that while the long-wave school tends to focus on production the regulationists see the wider social and political structures of society as being necessary to the maintenance of particular regimes of production .
parallel to this contrast is another , that while the long-wave school tends to focus on production the regulationists see the wider social and political structures of society as being necessary to the [work] of particular regimes of production .

Service occupations are present in all sectors of the economy , in manufacturing and agricuIture as well as in the service sector , and refer to workers such as clerks , sales staff , cleaners , maintenance workers , accountants , lawyers and heaIth workers who are not directly employed in the production of material products .
service occupations are present in all sectors of the economy , in manufacturing and agricuiture as well as in the service sector , and refer to workers such as clerks , sales staff , cleaners , [work] workers , accountants , lawyers and heaith workers who are not directly employed in the production of material products .

An example would be where the sale of a good also includes a maintenance contract or an information service .
an example would be where the sale of a good also includes a [work] contract or an information service .

Repairs and maintenance could merely maintain an asset at its present state ( revenue expenditure ) or could add improvements to an asset ( capital expenditure ) .
repairs and [work] could merely maintain an asset at its present state ( revenue expenditure ) or could add improvements to an asset ( capital expenditure ) .

poor management and maintenance of assets ;
poor management and [work] of assets ;

During the last 10 or 15 years , independent surgical and psychiatric clinics , emergency centers , and HMOs ( health maintenance organizations ) have opened throughout the country .
during the last 10 or 15 years , independent surgical and psychiatric clinics , emergency centers , and hmos ( health [work] organizations ) have opened throughout the country .

The punch card lock system for hotels was developed using brainstorming involving representatives of guests , lobby staff , security people , maintenance crew , local and corporate management .
the punch card lock system for hotels was developed using brainstorming involving representatives of guests , lobby staff , security people , [work] crew , local and corporate management .

This danger , and the maintenance task of overseeing organizational arrangements and seeing to them , are very real costs of a strong culture .
this danger , and the [work] task of overseeing organizational arrangements and seeing to them , are very real costs of a strong culture .

What we see here are costs brought into management 's account : an internal structuring cost , via committees ; an on-going maintenance cost , for repeated pruning ; and an internalized transaction cost , via management time .
what we see here are costs brought into management 's account : an internal structuring cost , via committees ; an on-going [work] cost , for repeated pruning ; and an internalized transaction cost , via management time .

With the development of strong , authoritarian , state-like bodies , human control over arid and semi-arid areas was extended through irrigation works , whose construction and maintenance called for an organization which Wittfogel ( 1957 , p.136 ) characterized as ‘ benevolent in form and oppressive in content .
with the development of strong , authoritarian , state-like bodies , human control over arid and semi-arid areas was extended through irrigation works , whose construction and [work] called for an organization which wittfogel ( 1957 , p.136 ) characterized as ‘ benevolent in form and oppressive in content .

The villages were patrolled by company uniformed ‘ policemen ’ whose ‘ duties were primarily concerned with the maintenance of the appearance of the village , keeping the lawns tidy and litter off the streets , for example ’ ( Waller , 1983 , p. 98 ) , but Waller 's respondents also reported company ‘ policemen ’ who watched over children 's play , recorded untidy properties ( ‘ It seems clear that the threat of dismissal was thought to hang over men who did not keep their gardens tidy in several villages ’ — p. 100 ) , and ensured that dogs were not kept as pets ( thus preventing the men from engaging in the popular contemporary sport among miners of training and racing greyhounds and whippets ) .
the villages were patrolled by company uniformed ‘ policemen ’ whose ‘ duties were primarily concerned with the [work] of the appearance of the village , keeping the lawns tidy and litter off the streets , for example ’ ( waller , 1983 , p. 98 ) , but waller 's respondents also reported company ‘ policemen ’ who watched over children 's play , recorded untidy properties ( ‘ it seems clear that the threat of dismissal was thought to hang over men who did not keep their gardens tidy in several villages ’ — p. 100 ) , and ensured that dogs were not kept as pets ( thus preventing the men from engaging in the popular contemporary sport among miners of training and racing greyhounds and whippets ) .

The Water Act , 1973 , speaks of a national policy for water , ‘ the restoration and maintenance of the wholesomeness of rivers ’ , and ‘ the enhancement and preservation of amenity ’ ( s.1 ) .
the water act , 1973 , speaks of a national policy for water , ‘ the restoration and [work] of the wholesomeness of rivers ’ , and ‘ the enhancement and preservation of amenity ’ ( s.1 ) .

Pollution control work in the southern area has had , in contrast with the northern , a relatively long history and tends as a result to emphasize the maintenance of already existing acceptable standards of water quality .
pollution control work in the southern area has had , in contrast with the northern , a relatively long history and tends as a result to emphasize the [work] of already existing acceptable standards of water quality .

He will also regularly look over pollution control installations in his district to ensure their satisfactory operation and maintenance .
he will also regularly look over pollution control installations in his district to ensure their satisfactory operation and [work] .

If teachers regard themselves as professionally accountable to themselves and their colleagues then they have accepted a commitment to the maintenance and improvement of their practice .
if teachers regard themselves as professionally accountable to themselves and their colleagues then they have accepted a commitment to the [work] and improvement of their practice .

There is little exploration of the sorts of processes and events reported in research in Manchester ( Ward , 1979 ) and London ( Wall man , 1986 ) , for example , which documents the shifting forms of boundary maintenance , division and alliance that emerge in relation to local politics .
there is little exploration of the sorts of processes and events reported in research in manchester ( ward , 1979 ) and london ( wall man , 1986 ) , for example , which documents the shifting forms of boundary [work] , division and alliance that emerge in relation to local politics .

The maintenance of legal definitions of public order , based on a principle of ‘ free circulation ’ , inevitably brings them up against the annexation of the street by male youth culture .
the [work] of legal definitions of public order , based on a principle of ‘ free circulation ’ , inevitably brings them up against the annexation of the street by male youth culture .

Ingenuity can sometimes suggest ambiguity or obscurity where none exists in fact , and if the instant case were to be thought to justify the exercise of combing through reports of Parliamentary proceedings in the hope of unearthing some perhaps incautious expression of opinion in support of an improbable secondary meaning , the relaxation of the rule might indeed lead to the fruitless expense and labour which has been prayed in aid in the past as one of the reasons justifying its maintenance .
ingenuity can sometimes suggest ambiguity or obscurity where none exists in fact , and if the instant case were to be thought to justify the exercise of combing through reports of parliamentary proceedings in the hope of unearthing some perhaps incautious expression of opinion in support of an improbable secondary meaning , the relaxation of the rule might indeed lead to the fruitless expense and labour which has been prayed in aid in the past as one of the reasons justifying its [work] .

To the Annual Conference of the union in September 1915 he reported that `` the Government had commandeered the Camp `` , and that , when they eventually handed it back , reinstated as agricultural land , which he doubted that they ever would , compensation and rent paid or payable would ensure that `` the maintenance of aliens at Eastcote would have cost the Union not a single farthing `` and provide a useful start to its programme of Homes for Seamen .
to the annual conference of the union in september 1915 he reported that `` the government had commandeered the camp `` , and that , when they eventually handed it back , reinstated as agricultural land , which he doubted that they ever would , compensation and rent paid or payable would ensure that `` the [work] of aliens at eastcote would have cost the union not a single farthing `` and provide a useful start to its programme of homes for seamen .

In the case of the example in the preceding paragraph , the maintenance function remains performed by permanent staff but the development function is now performed by temporary staff brought in via an agency .
in the case of the example in the preceding paragraph , the [work] function remains performed by permanent staff but the development function is now performed by temporary staff brought in via an agency .

Holiday camps , on the other hand , employ only a very small number of permanent staff — mainly in managerial positions , to administer bookings and to undertake maintenance and cleaning — and might increase their labour forces almost tenfold by the height of the holiday season .
holiday camps , on the other hand , employ only a very small number of permanent staff — mainly in managerial positions , to administer bookings and to undertake [work] and cleaning — and might increase their labour forces almost tenfold by the height of the holiday season .

Chefs , maintenance technicians and nurses are recruited on a seasonal basis .
chefs , [work] technicians and nurses are recruited on a seasonal basis .

Groups whose motion is curtailed by the maintenance of point or line contact at the bearing surfaces , are sub-divided into higher and lower pairs , respectively .
groups whose motion is curtailed by the [work] of point or line contact at the bearing surfaces , are sub-divided into higher and lower pairs , respectively .

You are called as an expert witness on behalf of your firm , because you wrote a report on this machine and its maintenance and repair .
you are called as an expert witness on behalf of your firm , because you wrote a report on this machine and its [work] and repair .

Routine maintenance
routine [work]

We seem to know more about car maintenance than we do about our own bodies .
we seem to know more about car [work] than we do about our own bodies .

( a ) Reliable maintenance and emergency servicing
( a ) reliable [work] and emergency servicing

At all ages , dog-whelks feed on discrete , easily identifiable , macroscopic sedentary prey ( upon which they remain for many hours or days ) which not only renders predator/prey investigations in the field possible but also facilitates the maintenance of these animals in aquaria .
at all ages , dog-whelks feed on discrete , easily identifiable , macroscopic sedentary prey ( upon which they remain for many hours or days ) which not only renders predator/prey investigations in the field possible but also facilitates the [work] of these animals in aquaria .

Another option open to any single mother is to sue the baby 's father for child maintenance .
another option open to any single mother is to sue the baby 's father for child [work] .

Quite a lot of young girls , however , choose not to sue for child maintenance .
quite a lot of young girls , however , choose not to sue for child [work] .

Receiving maintenance payments would perpetuate this link and also gives him unwelcome paternity rights .
receiving [work] payments would perpetuate this link and also gives him unwelcome paternity rights .

The maintenance carried out on the aquarium was a regular 10% water change and a regular ( every two weeks ) larger water change of 20% using an aquarium gravel cleaner to rid the gravel of unwanted waste .
the [work] carried out on the aquarium was a regular 10% water change and a regular ( every two weeks ) larger water change of 20% using an aquarium gravel cleaner to rid the gravel of unwanted waste .

The tank is slightly overcrowded but regular maintenance of the aquarium does alleviate this situation .
the tank is slightly overcrowded but regular [work] of the aquarium does alleviate this situation .

Regular maintenance of the aquarium will keep it healthy and looking clean .
regular [work] of the aquarium will keep it healthy and looking clean .

All units come with excellent instructions and maintenance details which are particularly honest about replacement times .
all units come with excellent instructions and [work] details which are particularly honest about replacement times .

This information suggests that though the initial cost is reasonable , the maintenance of the unit will be more expensive than some others with media that are more easily cleaned and re-used .
this information suggests that though the initial cost is reasonable , the [work] of the unit will be more expensive than some others with media that are more easily cleaned and re-used .

Aquarium maintenance is monthly water changes , regular testing of nitrite , pH , nitrate and of course , regular emptying of the protein skimmer waste cup .
aquarium [work] is monthly water changes , regular testing of nitrite , ph , nitrate and of course , regular emptying of the protein skimmer waste cup .

It will require regular maintenance .
it will require regular [work] .

The benefits however extend further , as the tenants are able to afford a decent diet and the landlord will save on maintenance repairs and on condensation claims .
the benefits however extend further , as the tenants are able to afford a decent diet and the landlord will save on [work] repairs and on condensation claims .

Communications , security and the maintenance of the entire complex were in the hands of Russian officers under contract to the Iraqi government .
communications , security and the [work] of the entire complex were in the hands of russian officers under contract to the iraqi government .

Thus where a biologist will examine a part of the body , such as the heart , in terms of its contribution to the maintenance of the human organism , the functionalist will examine a part of society , such as the family , in terms of its contribution to the maintenance of the social system .
thus where a biologist will examine a part of the body , such as the heart , in terms of its contribution to the [work] of the human organism , the functionalist will examine a part of society , such as the family , in terms of its contribution to the [work] of the social system .

In practice the term function is usually used to indicate the contribution an institution makes to the maintenance and survival of the social system : a major function of the family is the socialization of new members of society .
in practice the term function is usually used to indicate the contribution an institution makes to the [work] and survival of the social system : a major function of the family is the socialization of new members of society .

This represents an important contribution to the maintenance of society since order , stability and cooperation largely depend on learned , shared norms and values .
this represents an important contribution to the [work] of society since order , stability and cooperation largely depend on learned , shared norms and values .

Functionalism is therefore concerned with explaining the origin and maintenance of order and stability in society .
functionalism is therefore concerned with explaining the origin and [work] of order and stability in society .

Thus the mechanisms of social control discussed earlier in the chapter , are seen as essential to the maintenance of social order .
thus the mechanisms of social control discussed earlier in the chapter , are seen as essential to the [work] of social order .

The function of any part of society is its contribution to the maintenance of society .
the function of any part of society is its contribution to the [work] of society .

In summary , functionalists are primarily concerned with the function of social stratification : with its contribution to the maintenance and well-being of society .
in summary , functionalists are primarily concerned with the function of social stratification : with its contribution to the [work] and well-being of society .

However , people differ in terms of their innate ability and talent , and positions differ in terms of their importance for the survival and maintenance of society .
however , people differ in terms of their innate ability and talent , and positions differ in terms of their importance for the survival and [work] of society .

They conclude that differential rewards are functional for society , that they contribute to the maintenance and well-being of social systems .
they conclude that differential rewards are functional for society , that they contribute to the [work] and well-being of social systems .

Westergaard and Resler argue that the maintenance of inequalities of wealth is due to the power of the ruling class .
westergaard and resler argue that the [work] of inequalities of wealth is due to the power of the ruling class .

It requested recognition , or maintenance even
it requested recognition , or [work] even

For the immediate entourage , the kinsmen or table-sharers of the king , splendid maintenance was one benefit .
for the immediate entourage , the kinsmen or table-sharers of the king , splendid [work] was one benefit .

Under-occupation of large dwellings , particularly by the elderly , can be most undesirable , especially when rates , maintenance and heating bills become too high for those on low incomes .
under-occupation of large dwellings , particularly by the elderly , can be most undesirable , especially when rates , [work] and heating bills become too high for those on low incomes .

Thereafter , both under our domestic law and under the Convention , the courts have the power and the duty to assess the ‘ pressing social need ’ for the maintenance of confidentiality ‘ proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued ’ against the basic right to freedom of expression and all other relevant factors .
thereafter , both under our domestic law and under the convention , the courts have the power and the duty to assess the ‘ pressing social need ’ for the [work] of confidentiality ‘ proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued ’ against the basic right to freedom of expression and all other relevant factors .

The cell body with its nucleus controls the growth and maintenance of the cell .
the cell body with its nucleus controls the growth and [work] of the cell .

This maintenance of a working class Tory vote sufficient to return the party to office can be thought of as having two components : first the reproduction of relatively stable social collectivities having a principle of identification outside the conception of ‘ class ’ which prompted most ‘ working class ’ people to vote Labour , and second a more conjunctural conversion of voters .
this [work] of a working class tory vote sufficient to return the party to office can be thought of as having two components : first the reproduction of relatively stable social collectivities having a principle of identification outside the conception of ‘ class ’ which prompted most ‘ working class ’ people to vote labour , and second a more conjunctural conversion of voters .

Already Catalan employers were organized in powerful associations to fight for the maintenance of import prohibitions .
already catalan employers were organized in powerful associations to fight for the [work] of import prohibitions .

The conspicuous waste of the Spanish aristocracy was not the patronage of art or civilized living but the maintenance of hordes of retainers and domestic hangers-on .
the conspicuous waste of the spanish aristocracy was not the patronage of art or civilized living but the [work] of hordes of retainers and domestic hangers-on .

To the foral provinces their attachment to Spain was a contract dependent on the maintenance of their liberties and economic advantages : enlightened despotism and liberalism , refusing to accept the contractual status of the foral provinces , were by definition anti-Basque .
to the foral provinces their attachment to spain was a contract dependent on the [work] of their liberties and economic advantages : enlightened despotism and liberalism , refusing to accept the contractual status of the foral provinces , were by definition anti-basque .

Guerrilla warfare ‘ accustomed the Spaniard to live outside the law , to reject the norms of social life and take as his great achievement the maintenance of his own personality ’ .
guerrilla warfare ‘ accustomed the spaniard to live outside the law , to reject the norms of social life and take as his great achievement the [work] of his own personality ’ .

This solidarity took different forms in the two different kinds of society , but in each case Durkheim saw punishment as playing an important role in the creation and maintenance of the solidarity which was a necessary condition for social order and the continued existence of society .
this solidarity took different forms in the two different kinds of society , but in each case durkheim saw punishment as playing an important role in the creation and [work] of the solidarity which was a necessary condition for social order and the continued existence of society .

For Venice , the freedom of navigation along the Adriatic was vital to the maintenance of its seaborne trade with the Levant .
for venice , the freedom of navigation along the adriatic was vital to the [work] of its seaborne trade with the levant .

She said , through her solicitor , that she wanted no maintenance for Sam .
she said , through her solicitor , that she wanted no [work] for sam .

The shouts and calls of maintenance men and sailors echoed noticeably and there was a constant blast of noise from the generators and the ships ' engines .
the shouts and calls of [work] men and sailors echoed noticeably and there was a constant blast of noise from the generators and the ships ' engines .

On the eve of last month 's Brussels Book Fair , the Fnac-Belgium , which has stores selling books in Brussels , Liège , Antwerp and Ghent , launched a press and consumer campaign against a bill under discussion in the Belgian parliament aimed at reintroducing resale price maintenance for books in Belgium .
on the eve of last month 's brussels book fair , the fnac-belgium , which has stores selling books in brussels , liège , antwerp and ghent , launched a press and consumer campaign against a bill under discussion in the belgian parliament aimed at reintroducing resale price [work] for books in belgium .

The central policy preoccupations of the government of any insecure nation are with the defence of its boundaries , the recognition of its integrity by other nations and the maintenance of order within its territories .
the central policy preoccupations of the government of any insecure nation are with the defence of its boundaries , the recognition of its integrity by other nations and the [work] of order within its territories .

Successful treatment of the sick requires attention to their housing and income maintenance problems ; the care of the neglected child depends upon co-operation between health service workers , personal social services staff and schoolteachers ; the homeless often face income maintenance problems as well as housing problems ; and so on — the examples are legion .
successful treatment of the sick requires attention to their housing and income [work] problems ; the care of the neglected child depends upon co-operation between health service workers , personal social services staff and schoolteachers ; the homeless often face income [work] problems as well as housing problems ; and so on — the examples are legion .

With the adoption of these measures came the abolition of the poor law , its income maintenance responsibilities going to the National Assistance Board and its responsibilities for residential care and other welfare services going to local authority welfare departments .
with the adoption of these measures came the abolition of the poor law , its income [work] responsibilities going to the national assistance board and its responsibilities for residential care and other welfare services going to local authority welfare departments .

There was a commitment to the maintenance of full employment , with the Keynesian doctrine that budgetary management could achieve this now a matter of economic orthodoxy .
there was a commitment to the [work] of full employment , with the keynesian doctrine that budgetary management could achieve this now a matter of economic orthodoxy .

Bargaining may therefore be more concerned with the maintenance of specific policies or particular organizational arrangements .
bargaining may therefore be more concerned with the [work] of specific policies or particular organizational arrangements .

Yet a key theme in discussions of relationships between ministers and their departments has been the extent to which politicians enter with apparent policy commitments but become socialized into roles determined by the permanent administrator and particularly by the need for ‘ policy maintenance ’ within their department .
yet a key theme in discussions of relationships between ministers and their departments has been the extent to which politicians enter with apparent policy commitments but become socialized into roles determined by the permanent administrator and particularly by the need for ‘ policy [work] ’ within their department .

It has been stressed that there are strong forces in favour of the maintenance of existing policy , and that many new initiatives are in fact derived from concerns not so much to innovate as to correct the imperfections of existing policies .
it has been stressed that there are strong forces in favour of the [work] of existing policy , and that many new initiatives are in fact derived from concerns not so much to innovate as to correct the imperfections of existing policies .

Then , as section 2 of the 1980 Act , they have the duty , originally spelt out in section 1 of the 1948 Act , to receive a child into care where it appears that a child under 17 ‘ has neither parent nor guardian or is lost or that his parents or guardian are , for the time being or permanently , prevented by reason of mental or bodily disease or infirmity or other incapacity or any other circumstances from providing for his proper accommodation , maintenance and upbringing ; and in either case , that the intervention of the local authority under this section is necessary in the interests of the welfare of the child ’ .
then , as section 2 of the 1980 act , they have the duty , originally spelt out in section 1 of the 1948 act , to receive a child into care where it appears that a child under 17 ‘ has neither parent nor guardian or is lost or that his parents or guardian are , for the time being or permanently , prevented by reason of mental or bodily disease or infirmity or other incapacity or any other circumstances from providing for his proper accommodation , [work] and upbringing ; and in either case , that the intervention of the local authority under this section is necessary in the interests of the welfare of the child ’ .

There is room in family welfare both for the development of effective social policies in housing and income maintenance and for sympathetic support and individual help with particular problems .
there is room in family welfare both for the development of effective social policies in housing and income [work] and for sympathetic support and individual help with particular problems .

What is required is a genuine enabling partnership between the formal and informal sectors in which people and their families receive relevant and generous support from income maintenance and the health and social services of their neighbourhood .
what is required is a genuine enabling partnership between the formal and informal sectors in which people and their families receive relevant and generous support from income [work] and the health and social services of their neighbourhood .

It recognizes the basic need of the severely disabled for maintenance and the special needs for nursing care and attendance .
it recognizes the basic need of the severely disabled for [work] and the special needs for nursing care and attendance .

Most of the above benefits are towards the maintenance of the disabled and their dependants when they can not earn .
most of the above benefits are towards the [work] of the disabled and their dependants when they can not earn .

Men 's and women 's claims to social security income maintenance have been subject to different assumptions .
men 's and women 's claims to social security income [work] have been subject to different assumptions .

’ Overall , women 's claims to maintenance from the state both determine and are determined by their relationship to their families and the formal labour market .
’ overall , women 's claims to [work] from the state both determine and are determined by their relationship to their families and the formal labour market .

Together , these factors contribute to the low percentage of unemployed women claiming unemployment benefit and income support and to the stark gender differences in patterns of income maintenance among unemployed people ( Table 9.2 ) .
together , these factors contribute to the low percentage of unemployed women claiming unemployment benefit and income support and to the stark gender differences in patterns of income [work] among unemployed people ( table 9.2 ) .

Many lone mothers are excluded from employment by lack of jobs , lack of child care , and negative attitudes towards working mothers , and few lone mothers receive regular maintenance .
many lone mothers are excluded from employment by lack of jobs , lack of child care , and negative attitudes towards working mothers , and few lone mothers receive regular [work] .

Maintenance and child support
[work] and child support

Bradshaw and Millar found that only 29 per cent of lone parents received maintenance from their former partners .
bradshaw and millar found that only 29 per cent of lone parents received [work] from their former partners .

On average , maintenance made up only 7 per cent of total income , with the mean amount being about £26 per family , or £16 per child per week .
on average , [work] made up only 7 per cent of total income , with the mean amount being about £26 per family , or £16 per child per week .

Among those on income support only 22 per cent were receiving any maintenance , which represents a substantial fall since 1979 , when half of lone parents on supplementary benefit were receiving some maintenance .
among those on income support only 22 per cent were receiving any [work] , which represents a substantial fall since 1979 , when half of lone parents on supplementary benefit were receiving some [work] .

The Child Support Act sets out to increase the amount of maintenance paid by former partners , both in terms of the actual amounts paid by individuals and in terms of the number of people paying .
the child support act sets out to increase the amount of [work] paid by former partners , both in terms of the actual amounts paid by individuals and in terms of the number of people paying .

The formula sets an amount for maintenance ( based upon income support rates ) , allows the absent parent an amount of money for his personal needs ( again set by income support rates and also including reasonable housing costs ) , and then requires the absent parent to pay half of his remaining income in child support .
the formula sets an amount for [work] ( based upon income support rates ) , allows the absent parent an amount of money for his personal needs ( again set by income support rates and also including reasonable housing costs ) , and then requires the absent parent to pay half of his remaining income in child support .

Both newly separating couples and already existing lone-parent families will be brought into the scheme , which means that existing maintenance orders will be re-assessed according to the formula .
both newly separating couples and already existing lone-parent families will be brought into the scheme , which means that existing [work] orders will be re-assessed according to the formula .

On the face of it , if such increased levels of maintenance can be collected from many more absent parents , then it looks as if lone mothers stand to gain quite substantially .
on the face of it , if such increased levels of [work] can be collected from many more absent parents , then it looks as if lone mothers stand to gain quite substantially .

This is because , for those on income support , any maintenance received will continue to be deducted from their benefit .
this is because , for those on income support , any [work] received will continue to be deducted from their benefit .

Given that almost three-quarters of lone mothers are on income support this means that for the majority income will not change , regardless of how much maintenance is collected .
given that almost three-quarters of lone mothers are on income support this means that for the majority income will not change , regardless of how much [work] is collected .

The government has resisted introducing a ‘ disregard ’ of maintenance for those on income support partly because of fears that this might create a disincentive to work .
the government has resisted introducing a ‘ disregard ’ of [work] for those on income support partly because of fears that this might create a disincentive to work .

Maintenance will therefore add to the incomes of those in work , but the existence of different earnings disregards and tapers in the various in-work benefits mean that the impact will be difficult to work out , and could create substantial uncertainty in decision-making .
[work] will therefore add to the incomes of those in work , but the existence of different earnings disregards and tapers in the various in-work benefits mean that the impact will be difficult to work out , and could create substantial uncertainty in decision-making .

For some lone mothers the level of maintenance received might actually fall ( Bingley et al .
for some lone mothers the level of [work] received might actually fall ( bingley et al .

For others it might be that they wish to maintain the relationship between the father and the children and fear that ill-feeling will be created by a vigorous pursuit of maintenance .
for others it might be that they wish to maintain the relationship between the father and the children and fear that ill-feeling will be created by a vigorous pursuit of [work] .

For others it might be that they want the relationship to end completely and do not want to be financially dependent on their former partners ( Bradshaw and Millar found that a fifth of those not receiving maintenance said that they did not want any ) .
for others it might be that they want the relationship to end completely and do not want to be financially dependent on their former partners ( bradshaw and millar found that a fifth of those not receiving [work] said that they did not want any ) .

For men being named as an absent parent will mean a much higher maintenance bill than in the past and thus some men may put pressure on the women to avoid this .
for men being named as an absent parent will mean a much higher [work] bill than in the past and thus some men may put pressure on the women to avoid this .

If the lone mother takes employment her earnings enter the calculation and reduce the maintenance bill for her former partner .
if the lone mother takes employment her earnings enter the calculation and reduce the [work] bill for her former partner .

If the former partner has a change in housing costs , or in earnings , or if he has more children , then his maintenance bill will be varied .
if the former partner has a change in housing costs , or in earnings , or if he has more children , then his [work] bill will be varied .

This section reviews the trends in income and income maintenance while the next section examines what these trends suggest about the position of families headed by Asian and Afro-Caribbean parents .
this section reviews the trends in income and income [work] while the next section examines what these trends suggest about the position of families headed by asian and afro-caribbean parents .

As Rowntree put it , life on the poverty line is governed by the regulation that ‘ nothing must be bought but what is absolutely necessary for the maintenance of physical health ’ ( Rowntree , 1941 , p. 103 ) .
as rowntree put it , life on the poverty line is governed by the regulation that ‘ nothing must be bought but what is absolutely necessary for the [work] of physical health ’ ( rowntree , 1941 , p. 103 ) .

These responsibilities , in turn , are associated with domestic duties , with the preparation of food and the serving of meals , the maintenance of the home and the washing , ironing and repair of clothes .
these responsibilities , in turn , are associated with domestic duties , with the preparation of food and the serving of meals , the [work] of the home and the washing , ironing and repair of clothes .

If your dealer goes under and you have maintenance insurance on your warranty , the insurance company will pass the contract to a third party maintenance company .
if your dealer goes under and you have [work] insurance on your warranty , the insurance company will pass the contract to a third party [work] company .

If the supplier goes bust and you have a third party maintenance contract , the maintenance company should still honour your warranty , as the agreement is between you and the maintenance company and not with the supplier .
if the supplier goes bust and you have a third party [work] contract , the [work] company should still honour your warranty , as the agreement is between you and the [work] company and not with the supplier .

If maintenance is mentioned , details of terms and limitations should also be there — if they 're not , ask the supplier to provide them .
if [work] is mentioned , details of terms and limitations should also be there — if they 're not , ask the supplier to provide them .

Absent fathers on low incomes will face higher maintenance bills and mothers who refuse to name their children 's fathers will face a deduction from their income support .
absent fathers on low incomes will face higher [work] bills and mothers who refuse to name their children 's fathers will face a deduction from their income support .

Weekly resident meetings are held to discuss any problems , and monthly maintenance allowances of $ 900 are paid to meet insurance , housekeeping bills , maintenance , food , and to pay for the salaries of the house manager .
weekly resident meetings are held to discuss any problems , and monthly [work] allowances of $ 900 are paid to meet insurance , housekeeping bills , [work] , food , and to pay for the salaries of the house manager .

For example , one man pays 90 per cent of the maintenance costs himself , all of which is allowable as tax allowance on medical grounds .
for example , one man pays 90 per cent of the [work] costs himself , all of which is allowable as tax allowance on medical grounds .

General practices would evolve into American-style health maintenance organisations — a prospect perhaps more appealing to planners than to patients or general practitioners .
general practices would evolve into american-style health [work] organisations — a prospect perhaps more appealing to planners than to patients or general practitioners .

The structure and organisation of body tissues is dependent on maintenance of contact between cells and their neighbours and between cells and the extracellular matrix .
the structure and organisation of body tissues is dependent on [work] of contact between cells and their neighbours and between cells and the extracellular matrix .

The paper from the Association of Community Health Councils and from Action for the Victims of Medical Accidents sees the investigation of complaints as just one important segment in the overall maintenance of standards .
the paper from the association of community health councils and from action for the victims of medical accidents sees the investigation of complaints as just one important segment in the overall [work] of standards .

The royal colleges have a crucial role in ensuring the maintenance of standards through these procedures .
the royal colleges have a crucial role in ensuring the [work] of standards through these procedures .

There was one major flaw in this inspired scheme , no Provision was made for maintenance or replacement .
there was one major flaw in this inspired scheme , no provision was made for [work] or replacement .

The issue here is to persuade the owner that maintenance is essential and to assist in carrying it out .
the issue here is to persuade the owner that [work] is essential and to assist in carrying it out .

In these developments , management services are concerned with the practical problems of repairs and maintenance rather than the kind of care that is provided by wardens in sheltered housing .
in these developments , management services are concerned with the practical problems of repairs and [work] rather than the kind of care that is provided by wardens in sheltered housing .

This enables housing associations to use their expertise in design as well as providing maintenance for the building .
this enables housing associations to use their expertise in design as well as providing [work] for the building .

Born deaf , and now aged 30 , Shaw holds diplomas in chemical and electronic engineering and is a person with many hobbies including computer programming , car maintenance , photography squash , travel and reading .
born deaf , and now aged 30 , shaw holds diplomas in chemical and electronic engineering and is a person with many hobbies including computer programming , car [work] , photography squash , travel and reading .

Contrary to current guidelines for asthma management , ‘ step up ’ in maintenance therapy after an attack was often not practised .
contrary to current guidelines for asthma management , ‘ step up ’ in [work] therapy after an attack was often not practised .

Each patient 's maintenance treatment before the asthma attack was classified by the research staff according to British Thoracic Society steps 0–5 ( children were placed in accordance with recent published consensus papers ) .
each patient 's [work] treatment before the asthma attack was classified by the research staff according to british thoracic society steps 0–5 ( children were placed in accordance with recent published consensus papers ) .

In the 1546 patients managed exclusively by the general practitioner in whom details of maintenance treatment before and after the attack were supplied , 349 ( 23 % ) had been receiving no treatment ( step 0 ) before the attack , and 51 ( 15 % ) of these were not prescribed any maintenance treatment after their attack .
in the 1546 patients managed exclusively by the general practitioner in whom details of [work] treatment before and after the attack were supplied , 349 ( 23 % ) had been receiving no treatment ( step 0 ) before the attack , and 51 ( 15 % ) of these were not prescribed any [work] treatment after their attack .

The pattern of maintenance treatment before and after attacks was also at variance with published guidelines .
the pattern of [work] treatment before and after attacks was also at variance with published guidelines .

After her delivery the symptoms did not decrease and a maintenance dose of oral prednisolone , 12.5 mg/day , was also prescribed .
after her delivery the symptoms did not decrease and a [work] dose of oral prednisolone , 12.5 mg/day , was also prescribed .

Preparations were made to perform an emergency tracheostomy , but spontaneous respiration returned and a size 4 Brain laryngeal mask was inserted , allowing easy maintenance of the airway and confining further haemorrhage to the pharynx .
preparations were made to perform an emergency tracheostomy , but spontaneous respiration returned and a size 4 brain laryngeal mask was inserted , allowing easy [work] of the airway and confining further haemorrhage to the pharynx .

What is dysfunctional is expenditure in the form of social expenses on system maintenance , either through legitimation or coercion , although discussion has emphasized the former .
what is dysfunctional is expenditure in the form of social expenses on system [work] , either through legitimation or coercion , although discussion has emphasized the former .

These exact boundaries date from local government reorganization in 1974 but something like the present administrative area has existed since the establishment of regional commissioners for the maintenance of supplies in the 1920s .
these exact boundaries date from local government reorganization in 1974 but something like the present administrative area has existed since the establishment of regional commissioners for the [work] of supplies in the 1920s .

At first glance there appears to be substantial equality in the income maintenance payments made to men and women , in that the same rates apply to both , and there are no rules debarring women from access to benefits just because they are women .
at first glance there appears to be substantial equality in the income [work] payments made to men and women , in that the same rates apply to both , and there are no rules debarring women from access to benefits just because they are women .

Further , once women get themselves into the position of dependent housewives , they have a vested interest in the maintenance of the status quo since it is too late in their lives to think of independent careers , and sexual freedom merely means the freedom for their husbands to seek younger women .
further , once women get themselves into the position of dependent housewives , they have a vested interest in the [work] of the status quo since it is too late in their lives to think of independent careers , and sexual freedom merely means the freedom for their husbands to seek younger women .

Pahl constructed an index of the division of domestic labour composed not only of ‘ female ’ tasks such as cooking , clothes washing or child-care but also ‘ male ’ jobs such as house repairs , car maintenance or beer making .
pahl constructed an index of the division of domestic labour composed not only of ‘ female ’ tasks such as cooking , clothes washing or child-care but also ‘ male ’ jobs such as house repairs , car [work] or beer making .

Commercial considerations should not alone determine the future supply of legal services and the profession should retain only those rules which are ‘ essential for the maintenance of professional standards in the public interest ’ .
commercial considerations should not alone determine the future supply of legal services and the profession should retain only those rules which are ‘ essential for the [work] of professional standards in the public interest ’ .

The Bar Council is responsible for the maintenance of professional standards and represents the general interests of the Bar in its relations with outsiders .
the bar council is responsible for the [work] of professional standards and represents the general interests of the bar in its relations with outsiders .

It seems reasonable to suggest that , whereas in daily life in a literate culture , we use speech largely for the establishment and maintenance of human relationships ( primarily interactional use ) , we use written language largely for the working out of and transference of information ( primarily transactional use ) .
it seems reasonable to suggest that , whereas in daily life in a literate culture , we use speech largely for the establishment and [work] of human relationships ( primarily interactional use ) , we use written language largely for the working out of and transference of information ( primarily transactional use ) .

The maintenance of the dam requires the constant attention of the owners .
the [work] of the dam requires the constant attention of the owners .

She had never liked suiting up for trips outside in space , and this suit was an old model , and equipped for combat as well as maintenance .
she had never liked suiting up for trips outside in space , and this suit was an old model , and equipped for combat as well as [work] .

Ace had found herself inventing new techniques as she tried to use the shuttle 's processors to hack into the station 's maintenance systems , but there had been no indication that the station had even been receiving her signals .
ace had found herself inventing new techniques as she tried to use the shuttle 's processors to hack into the station 's [work] systems , but there had been no indication that the station had even been receiving her signals .

She would drop to the surface of the station — its mass generated enough gravity to pull her — and , if she could find a suitable maintenance terminal , she would jack in her wrist processor and try to manipulate the station 's doors through the interface .
she would drop to the surface of the station — its mass generated enough gravity to pull her — and , if she could find a suitable [work] terminal , she would jack in her wrist processor and try to manipulate the station 's doors through the interface .

There was a complex web of landing and departure agreements to be negotiated with the British Airports Authority : maintenance and service contracts to be drawn up .
there was a complex web of landing and departure agreements to be negotiated with the british airports authority : [work] and service contracts to be drawn up .

In all contempt cases , justice requires the court to take account of the interests of at least three categories of person , namely , ( a ) the contemnor , ( b ) the ‘ victim ’ of the contempt and ( c ) other users of the court for whom the maintenance of the authority of the court is of supreme importance .
in all contempt cases , justice requires the court to take account of the interests of at least three categories of person , namely , ( a ) the contemnor , ( b ) the ‘ victim ’ of the contempt and ( c ) other users of the court for whom the [work] of the authority of the court is of supreme importance .

‘ the maintenance of an honourable , disciplined , law-abiding and uncorrupt police force .
‘ the [work] of an honourable , disciplined , law-abiding and uncorrupt police force .

By subsection ( 3 ) , paragraph 4 , and subsection ( 10 ) such criteria include maintenance of the requirements of section 13 .
by subsection ( 3 ) , paragraph 4 , and subsection ( 10 ) such criteria include [work] of the requirements of section 13 .

All halyard tails were neatly turned up ; the yacht had an air of being well used , yet she obviously had an owner who kept right on top of the maintenance and defects list .
all halyard tails were neatly turned up ; the yacht had an air of being well used , yet she obviously had an owner who kept right on top of the [work] and defects list .

‘ She has obviously had an owner who kept right on top of the maintenance and defects list ’
‘ she has obviously had an owner who kept right on top of the [work] and defects list ’

The training will also include maintenance .
the training will also include [work] .

Once the crew for each boat is selected — a choice that will be made on the basis of strength , ability and leadership qualities — everyone will be given the opportunity of specialising in certain areas of maintenance .
once the crew for each boat is selected — a choice that will be made on the basis of strength , ability and leadership qualities — everyone will be given the opportunity of specialising in certain areas of [work] .

American Nigel Calder is the author of several books on boat maintenance and repairs at sea .
american nigel calder is the author of several books on boat [work] and repairs at sea .

Poster giving advice on planning , design , site preparation , planting , maintenance and management .
poster giving advice on planning , design , site preparation , planting , [work] and management .

Some of them are of great value in treating cancers , but mifepristone acts by blocking the hormone progesterone , which is essential for the maintenance of a pregnancy .
some of them are of great value in treating cancers , but mifepristone acts by blocking the hormone progesterone , which is essential for the [work] of a pregnancy .

The great clothing factory that took up most of it had shut down its operations more than four hours back and only a handful of Security guards and maintenance engineers were to be found down here now .
the great clothing factory that took up most of it had shut down its operations more than four hours back and only a handful of security guards and [work] engineers were to be found down here now .

The corridor he was facing was less than twenty ch ' i long ; a narrow , dimly lit affair that was little more than a feeder tunnel to the maintenance hatch in the ceiling at its far end .
the corridor he was facing was less than twenty ch ' i long ; a narrow , dimly lit affair that was little more than a feeder tunnel to the [work] hatch in the ceiling at its far end .

It was in response to what Lord Penzance called ‘ sensational cases of cruelty ’ that the first law giving working class wives an opportunity to sue for separation and maintenance was passed in 1878 .
it was in response to what lord penzance called ‘ sensational cases of cruelty ’ that the first law giving working class wives an opportunity to sue for separation and [work] was passed in 1878 .

Magistrates usually granted both a separation order and maintenance , yet as evidence to the 1912 Royal Commission on Divorce showed , between 50 and 80 per cent of couples were reconciled when the husband 's financial position improved .
magistrates usually granted both a separation order and [work] , yet as evidence to the 1912 royal commission on divorce showed , between 50 and 80 per cent of couples were reconciled when the husband 's financial position improved .

In cases where the husband 's finances did not improve , there was little hope of maintenance anyway and wives and children were usually forced onto the Poor Law .
in cases where the husband 's finances did not improve , there was little hope of [work] anyway and wives and children were usually forced onto the poor law .

Much depends on the type of production , the relative standing of groups such as Quality Control , Purchasing and Maintenance , and the extent to which sophisticated computerised systems are in operation .
much depends on the type of production , the relative standing of groups such as quality control , purchasing and [work] , and the extent to which sophisticated computerised systems are in operation .

Maintenance Manager — this role has been given considerable status in this example ; it could have been placed in a subordinate position to the Manufacturing Manager , where it is frequently to be found .
[work] manager — this role has been given considerable status in this example ; it could have been placed in a subordinate position to the manufacturing manager , where it is frequently to be found .

In this case targets , based on sales forecasts , will be set in collaboration with marketing or sales staff , as representatives of the customer , and will take into account considerations such as planned maintenance , product quality control and machine breakdowns , for example .
in this case targets , based on sales forecasts , will be set in collaboration with marketing or sales staff , as representatives of the customer , and will take into account considerations such as planned [work] , product quality control and machine breakdowns , for example .

Maintenance of adequate stock/inventory levels .
[work] of adequate stock/inventory levels .

The role of maintenance in a production planning and control system is to so organize maintenance activities that production has the optimum availability of plant and machinery in the conduct of its operations , and that , if an unexpected breakdown occurs , it will be dealt with in the minimum possible time .
the role of [work] in a production planning and control system is to so organize [work] activities that production has the optimum availability of plant and machinery in the conduct of its operations , and that , if an unexpected breakdown occurs , it will be dealt with in the minimum possible time .

According to the British Standards Institution , maintenance is ‘ work undertaken in order to keep or restore every facility .
according to the british standards institution , [work] is ‘ work undertaken in order to keep or restore every facility .

’ There are several different kinds of maintenance , as follows :
’ there are several different kinds of [work] , as follows :

Preventive maintenance , which aims to prevent breakdowns .
preventive [work] , which aims to prevent breakdowns .

Corrective maintenance , to repair faults .
corrective [work] , to repair faults .

Breakdown maintenance , to rectify breakdowns and prepare contingency plans for possible breakdowns ( provision of important spare parts etc ) .
breakdown [work] , to rectify breakdowns and prepare contingency plans for possible breakdowns ( provision of important spare parts etc ) .

Running maintenance , carried out whilst plant or machinery is operating .
running [work] , carried out whilst plant or machinery is operating .

Shutdown maintenance , carried out when plant or machinery is taken out of service .
shutdown [work] , carried out when plant or machinery is taken out of service .

The above forms of maintenance can be combined into a planned programme of maintenance for each major piece of plant or machine .
the above forms of [work] can be combined into a planned programme of [work] for each major piece of plant or machine .

Planned maintenance means that routine servicing and overhaul arrangements are scheduled in advance and contingency plans drawn up for unexpected breakdowns .
planned [work] means that routine servicing and overhaul arrangements are scheduled in advance and contingency plans drawn up for unexpected breakdowns .

The effect of having planned maintenance is to minimise unforeseen faults or breakdowns .
the effect of having planned [work] is to minimise unforeseen faults or breakdowns .

Thus maintenance can make an important contribution to containing machine running costs as well as ensuring optimum machine availability .
thus [work] can make an important contribution to containing machine running costs as well as ensuring optimum machine availability .

It does not guarantee , however comprehensive it may be , the achievement or maintenance of acceptable air quality ( Wilde , 1978 ) .
it does not guarantee , however comprehensive it may be , the achievement or [work] of acceptable air quality ( wilde , 1978 ) .

In 1985 , capital expenditure for air pollution control was estimated to have cost industry $ 10.5 billion , with operation and maintenance costs at about the same level .
in 1985 , capital expenditure for air pollution control was estimated to have cost industry $ 10.5 billion , with operation and [work] costs at about the same level .

In practice the major use of such agreements has been in the sphere of highway maintenance and construction , where old county boroughs and large urban districts have invariably continued to provide the service on behalf of their county council .
in practice the major use of such agreements has been in the sphere of highway [work] and construction , where old county boroughs and large urban districts have invariably continued to provide the service on behalf of their county council .

In her study of Lambeth , Cockburn ( 1977 ) provides one of the best known examples of this perspective which assumes that local government is simply one arm of the capitalist state , providing the conditions for continued capital accumulation and the maintenance of social order .
in her study of lambeth , cockburn ( 1977 ) provides one of the best known examples of this perspective which assumes that local government is simply one arm of the capitalist state , providing the conditions for continued capital accumulation and the [work] of social order .

Services initially specified included refuse collection , cleaning buildings , street sweeping , school meals and catering , and ground and vehicle maintenance .
services initially specified included refuse collection , cleaning buildings , street sweeping , school meals and catering , and ground and vehicle [work] .

as espoused by the Chartist movement , the maintenance of the repressive Combination Acts which suppressed workers trades unions and the gradual dismantling of feudal protectionism and social welfare measures as enshrined in the repeal of the Navigation Acts and the Elizabethan Poor Laws .
as espoused by the chartist movement , the [work] of the repressive combination acts which suppressed workers trades unions and the gradual dismantling of feudal protectionism and social welfare measures as enshrined in the repeal of the navigation acts and the elizabethan poor laws .

The axiom underlying the contention is the far from unexceptional one that in the long-term wealth , power and moral and intellectual superiority are closely and positively linked together in the maintenance of stable elites .
the axiom underlying the contention is the far from unexceptional one that in the long-term wealth , power and moral and intellectual superiority are closely and positively linked together in the [work] of stable elites .

The cyclic of rise to power and decay of elites is held by Pareto to be inevitable and is explained by the alteration in elites of the proportions of these residues , both of which are necessary for the maintenance of rule .
the cyclic of rise to power and decay of elites is held by pareto to be inevitable and is explained by the alteration in elites of the proportions of these residues , both of which are necessary for the [work] of rule .

Though their decline is inevitable , and must usher in a period of unrest for the community , the maintenance of their own power adds of course directly to the utility of the governing elite and is a necessary condition for the order and stability of the community .
though their decline is inevitable , and must usher in a period of unrest for the community , the [work] of their own power adds of course directly to the utility of the governing elite and is a necessary condition for the order and stability of the community .

When he is criticised by later elite theorists such as Suzanne Keller for neglecting the relationship of elites to the moral order of society , or by Marxists for failing to analyse the specific material interests involved in the maintenance of their own power by elites .
when he is criticised by later elite theorists such as suzanne keller for neglecting the relationship of elites to the moral order of society , or by marxists for failing to analyse the specific material interests involved in the [work] of their own power by elites .

Following Marx 's thesis about the tendency of the rate of profit to decline , Baran and Sweezey argued that this decline led to a drop in the effective demand in the economy , as more and more money is tied up in research and development and the purchase and maintenance of machinery .
following marx 's thesis about the tendency of the rate of profit to decline , baran and sweezey argued that this decline led to a drop in the effective demand in the economy , as more and more money is tied up in research and development and the purchase and [work] of machinery .

Domestically , Smith argues that military expenditure also serves important functions for the maintenance of capitalism .
domestically , smith argues that military expenditure also serves important functions for the [work] of capitalism .

Foreign policy was , then , defined by the military in terms which served their own interests ; namely , the maintenance of the role and size of the armed forces in society .
foreign policy was , then , defined by the military in terms which served their own interests ; namely , the [work] of the role and size of the armed forces in society .

The loose bundle of phenomena , including such disparate occurrences as unruly behaviour of large crowds at sporting events , destruction of or damage to public property by juveniles , disturbing trends in crime statistics and overcrowding in prisons , is frequently referred to as the problem of ‘ law and order ’ and by that designation is placed within a particular set of priorities and linked generalisations about the proper structure of society , typically one in which the respect for law and the maintenance of public order have a particularly high value .
the loose bundle of phenomena , including such disparate occurrences as unruly behaviour of large crowds at sporting events , destruction of or damage to public property by juveniles , disturbing trends in crime statistics and overcrowding in prisons , is frequently referred to as the problem of ‘ law and order ’ and by that designation is placed within a particular set of priorities and linked generalisations about the proper structure of society , typically one in which the respect for law and the [work] of public order have a particularly high value .

However , such a measure can be criticised on the grounds that much of the state 's activity , that covered by the term ‘ income maintenance ’ , is left out of the definition of government activity .
however , such a measure can be criticised on the grounds that much of the state 's activity , that covered by the term ‘ income [work] ’ , is left out of the definition of government activity .

These measures were more for the maintenance of the industry than to save whales .
these measures were more for the [work] of the industry than to save whales .

This process had begun under the 1980 Local Government Planning and Land Act , when councils were required to put out to tender certain housing maintenance and highways work .
this process had begun under the 1980 local government planning and land act , when councils were required to put out to tender certain housing [work] and highways work .

Grounds maintenance .
grounds [work] .

Vehicle maintenance .
vehicle [work] .

The Yek who ruled this world lived according to a complex code of law at the very core of which was a presumption which affected every part of their existence — the belief that technological advancement was to a great extent incompatible with the maintenance of civilisation .
the yek who ruled this world lived according to a complex code of law at the very core of which was a presumption which affected every part of their existence — the belief that technological advancement was to a great extent incompatible with the [work] of civilisation .

In short , enclosure comes to signify insularity and the maintenance of distinct divisions between things .
in short , enclosure comes to signify insularity and the [work] of distinct divisions between things .

According to this scenario , the maintenance of oppositional structures is constantly being protected by the masculine aspect , while its feminine counterpart strives to undermine them , and even to undermine this constitutive definition itself by the use of reversible structures echoed in the novel 's metaphoric construction .
according to this scenario , the [work] of oppositional structures is constantly being protected by the masculine aspect , while its feminine counterpart strives to undermine them , and even to undermine this constitutive definition itself by the use of reversible structures echoed in the novel 's metaphoric construction .

It is the highly publicised rise in crime , and the Government 's exploitation of the fear that it produces , which has justified increased expenditure since 1979 on the police , at a time of cutbacks on other sections of the public sector , such as health , income maintenance schemes , education and housing .
it is the highly publicised rise in crime , and the government 's exploitation of the fear that it produces , which has justified increased expenditure since 1979 on the police , at a time of cutbacks on other sections of the public sector , such as health , income [work] schemes , education and housing .

Hence law and order , the maintenance and control of the dangerous classes and the preservation of public order have been ideologically central to its construction of consensual support .
hence law and order , the [work] and control of the dangerous classes and the preservation of public order have been ideologically central to its construction of consensual support .

This is not to deny the force of economistic elements in capitalism , but to indicate how certain ideological and moral themes assist in the maintenance of economic control .
this is not to deny the force of economistic elements in capitalism , but to indicate how certain ideological and moral themes assist in the [work] of economic control .

Ground Rent £25.00 per annum Maintenance Charge £104.41 per annum Lease 94 years remaining
ground rent £25.00 per annum [work] charge £104.41 per annum lease 94 years remaining

The Centre for Software Maintenance is aiming to bring together 10 – 15 organisations to form a Consortium .
the centre for software [work] is aiming to bring together 10 – 15 organisations to form a consortium .

The group would jointly fund a project to develop a method for software maintenance , based on a process model .
the group would jointly fund a project to develop a method for software [work] , based on a process model .

The Centre was established in 1986 within the University of Durham as a centre of excellence to promote Research & Development in Software Maintenance with direct relevance to business needs .
the centre was established in 1986 within the university of durham as a centre of excellence to promote research & development in software [work] with direct relevance to business needs .

The Centre for Software Maintenance Ltd undertake a wide range of research and development into all aspects of software maintenance , including procurement strategies to develop inherently more maintainable software , reverse engineering , inverse engineering , testing , management and quality .
the centre for software [work] ltd undertake a wide range of research and development into all aspects of software [work] , including procurement strategies to develop inherently more maintainable software , reverse engineering , inverse engineering , testing , management and quality .

Managing maintenance
managing [work]

The Centre has become aware of the vital role played by the Software Maintenance activity in the business world through extensive contact with those working in industry and commerce .
the centre has become aware of the vital role played by the software [work] activity in the business world through extensive contact with those working in industry and commerce .

Successful management of this maintenance is the issue underlying one of the Centre 's latest research proposals .
successful management of this [work] is the issue underlying one of the centre 's latest research proposals .

For more than a decade the real value of student maintenance grants has been continuously eroded .
for more than a decade the real value of student [work] grants has been continuously eroded .

One such change arose because , although in general it was the better houses that were sold , some tenants bought houses , without survey , that were in poor structural condition ( especially prefabricated buildings ) and were soon experiencing difficulties paying for repairs and maintenance .
one such change arose because , although in general it was the better houses that were sold , some tenants bought houses , without survey , that were in poor structural condition ( especially prefabricated buildings ) and were soon experiencing difficulties paying for repairs and [work] .

Even if they remain in employment , the combined costs of mortgage payments and maintenance may be difficult to meet .
even if they remain in employment , the combined costs of mortgage payments and [work] may be difficult to meet .

Inadequate funds for maintenance , repairs and improvement was also a feature of the 1980s .
inadequate funds for [work] , repairs and improvement was also a feature of the 1980s .

The 1988 Local Government Act required competitive tendering , as from 1 April , 1989 , in seven areas of service : school meals , other catering , refuse collection , street cleaning , building cleaning , grounds maintenance and vehicle maintenance .
the 1988 local government act required competitive tendering , as from 1 april , 1989 , in seven areas of service : school meals , other catering , refuse collection , street cleaning , building cleaning , grounds [work] and vehicle [work] .

Canal channels and structures need general repair and maintenance in order that the waterways can remain open to traffic .
canal channels and structures need general repair and [work] in order that the waterways can remain open to traffic .

Maintenance work varies from paddle gear lubrication to the rebuilding of brick locksides .
[work] work varies from paddle gear lubrication to the rebuilding of brick locksides .

Much use is now made of video cameras to record underwater conditions which can then be viewed as a guide for maintenance staff .
much use is now made of video cameras to record underwater conditions which can then be viewed as a guide for [work] staff .

She was then used on the Trent & Mersey Canal as a crane barge for maintenance of the waterway .
she was then used on the trent & mersey canal as a crane barge for [work] of the waterway .

The buildings include a blacksmith 's forge , carpenter 's workshop , stable and tackroom , engine house , and a general workshop where museum conservation and maintenance work are carried out .
the buildings include a blacksmith 's forge , carpenter 's workshop , stable and tackroom , engine house , and a general workshop where museum conservation and [work] work are carried out .

Most had one large repair yard where major jobs could be undertaken and several smaller maintenance yards where day to day work could be carried out .
most had one large repair yard where major jobs could be undertaken and several smaller [work] yards where day to day work could be carried out .

The weighbridge was formerly used to weigh in materials brought to the yard for storage before being used on the maintenance of the Lee & Stort Navigation .
the weighbridge was formerly used to weigh in materials brought to the yard for storage before being used on the [work] of the lee & stort navigation .

Under the terms of their lease , they have to pay maintenance charges and annual ground rent to a landlord .
under the terms of their lease , they have to pay [work] charges and annual ground rent to a landlord .

Many owners experience problems with their landlords over maintenance charges , repairs and insurance .
many owners experience problems with their landlords over [work] charges , repairs and insurance .

Regular maintenance is the most important ‘ improvement ’ you can make to your home .
regular [work] is the most important ‘ improvement ’ you can make to your home .

Small-scale improvements can often be paid for out of savings , but if you are spending more substantial amounts , it might be better to borrow the money and keep your savings for regular maintenance work .
small-scale improvements can often be paid for out of savings , but if you are spending more substantial amounts , it might be better to borrow the money and keep your savings for regular [work] work .

Home sweet home — the benefits of regular maintenance and improvement are clear
home sweet home — the benefits of regular [work] and improvement are clear

For effective noise insulation , secondary glazing ( a second window pane inside the existing one ) is most effective ; the bonus of secondary windows is that modern materials ( especially uPVC and factory-coated aluminium and steel ) need virtually no maintenance .
for effective noise insulation , secondary glazing ( a second window pane inside the existing one ) is most effective ; the bonus of secondary windows is that modern materials ( especially upvc and factory-coated aluminium and steel ) need virtually no [work] .

Home Emergency Service is designed to provide essential help rather than regular household maintenance , but it also covers many emergencies arising from normal wear and tear unlike some household insurance policies .
home emergency service is designed to provide essential help rather than regular household [work] , but it also covers many emergencies arising from normal wear and tear unlike some household insurance policies .

The book is divided into four sections covering general cleaning and maintenance , simple home repairs , safety in the home plus ways of adding interesting decorative touches to give a quick lift to a room .
the book is divided into four sections covering general cleaning and [work] , simple home repairs , safety in the home plus ways of adding interesting decorative touches to give a quick lift to a room .

Special attention should be given to the design , maintenance and illumination of areas used at night to avoid accidents , especially to visitors who are n't familiar with the layout of the garden .
special attention should be given to the design , [work] and illumination of areas used at night to avoid accidents , especially to visitors who are n't familiar with the layout of the garden .

We 're confident of our high maintenance standards , and guarantee generous repayments if they 're immobilised for a day or more .
we 're confident of our high [work] standards , and guarantee generous repayments if they 're immobilised for a day or more .

In other words , the West has an interest in the maintenance of nationalism , but only in its most backward form : the sovereign nation-state , so long as it is powerless , dependent and relatively small .
in other words , the west has an interest in the [work] of nationalism , but only in its most backward form : the sovereign nation-state , so long as it is powerless , dependent and relatively small .

maintenance payments
[work] payments

In October last year Waddesdon Manor in Buckinghamshire closed for essential repairs and maintenance .
in october last year waddesdon manor in buckinghamshire closed for essential repairs and [work] .

An appeal will be launched later this year to raise funds for the upkeep and maintenance of this key property .
an appeal will be launched later this year to raise funds for the upkeep and [work] of this key property .

In time , this practice led to highways with up to half a dozen parallel tracks ; the one in use at any given moment depending on the weather and on how much maintenance local labourers had carried out .
in time , this practice led to highways with up to half a dozen parallel tracks ; the one in use at any given moment depending on the weather and on how much [work] local labourers had carried out .

One of the many functions of local councils is the care and maintenance of local parks and commons etc , used by the public for recreation purposes .
one of the many functions of local councils is the care and [work] of local parks and commons etc , used by the public for recreation purposes .

Alcuin was also critical of the new Northumbrian king , Eardwulf , but when Eardwulf was driven out of his kingdom in 806 he was restored two years later through the intervention of Charlemagne and the pope ( see above , p. 157 ) , a clear enough demonstration of the continued maintenance of Northumbria at this time as a Carolingian sphere of influence .
alcuin was also critical of the new northumbrian king , eardwulf , but when eardwulf was driven out of his kingdom in 806 he was restored two years later through the intervention of charlemagne and the pope ( see above , p. 157 ) , a clear enough demonstration of the continued [work] of northumbria at this time as a carolingian sphere of influence .

The only significant opportunities for low-income people to decentralize locally ( as opposed to the longer-distance moves facilitated by the New and Expanded Towns programmes ) have derived from the re-cycling of older and poorer quality housing in the inner suburbs and from the development of spare peripheral sites by city councils-the ‘ outer council estates ’ which now suffer from major social and physical problems because of inaccessibility , limited facilities , faulty design and inadequate maintenance .
the only significant opportunities for low-income people to decentralize locally ( as opposed to the longer-distance moves facilitated by the new and expanded towns programmes ) have derived from the re-cycling of older and poorer quality housing in the inner suburbs and from the development of spare peripheral sites by city councils-the ‘ outer council estates ’ which now suffer from major social and physical problems because of inaccessibility , limited facilities , faulty design and inadequate [work] .

This medicalized scrutiny of the individual , and his/her role as an agent in the maintenance of health or the transmission of disease , formed a central tenet of medical discourse in the early twentieth century .
this medicalized scrutiny of the individual , and his/her role as an agent in the [work] of health or the transmission of disease , formed a central tenet of medical discourse in the early twentieth century .

An emphasis on the racial component in health maintenance marked a significant development within contemporary medical knowledge .
an emphasis on the racial component in health [work] marked a significant development within contemporary medical knowledge .

Strategies for its maintenance , and the effect of these on neighbouring communities .
strategies for its [work] , and the effect of these on neighbouring communities .

During the 1930s there was a general belief in a vigorous system of local self-government and the maintenance of free democratic institutions ( Young , 1985 ) .
during the 1930s there was a general belief in a vigorous system of local self-government and the [work] of free democratic institutions ( young , 1985 ) .

The roads were potholed and had received little maintenance since 1944 .
the roads were potholed and had received little [work] since 1944 .

As the cage descended , Tolonen raised a hand in greeting , but stayed where he was , just back from the others waiting there — maintenance crew , customs men and guards .
as the cage descended , tolonen raised a hand in greeting , but stayed where he was , just back from the others waiting there — [work] crew , customs men and guards .

The idea was for them to place special devices at these loci -devices that the regular maintenance crews would think were innocuous parts of the complex of delicate wiring .
the idea was for them to place special devices at these loci -devices that the regular [work] crews would think were innocuous parts of the complex of delicate wiring .

Thirdly the equipment and systems reliability of ‘ high-bay ’ warehouses can now achieve very high levels provided that maintenance is kept to an adequate standard ; availability of equipment for use is often in excess of 97 % of the time work is available .
thirdly the equipment and systems reliability of ‘ high-bay ’ warehouses can now achieve very high levels provided that [work] is kept to an adequate standard ; availability of equipment for use is often in excess of 97 % of the time work is available .

Access into the high rack area is normally restricted to the high lift trucks and all other personnel are excluded — except for occasional maintenance and monitoring checks when moveable barriers are erected at each end of the aisle to prevent such entry .
access into the high rack area is normally restricted to the high lift trucks and all other personnel are excluded — except for occasional [work] and monitoring checks when moveable barriers are erected at each end of the aisle to prevent such entry .

The system is controlled from a remote keyboard situated outside the racking structure and personnel other than maintenance are not permitted within the racking area .
the system is controlled from a remote keyboard situated outside the racking structure and personnel other than [work] are not permitted within the racking area .

Maintenance other than break-down is done outside normal working hours .
[work] other than break-down is done outside normal working hours .

Over a period of time the system can deteriorate , suffer interference , misalignments , and indifferent maintenance .
over a period of time the system can deteriorate , suffer interference , misalignments , and indifferent [work] .

The need for precise application results in sprinkler heads , detection systems and nozzles being positioned within the framework of materials in store , increasing the possibility of these influences and also the problems of satisfactory installation , inspection and maintenance .
the need for precise application results in sprinkler heads , detection systems and nozzles being positioned within the framework of materials in store , increasing the possibility of these influences and also the problems of satisfactory installation , inspection and [work] .

An important advantage of this arrangement is the need for as small a portion as possible of this vital protection system to be inoperative in the period immediately following a fire or during periods of maintenance but , there is a further consideration .
an important advantage of this arrangement is the need for as small a portion as possible of this vital protection system to be inoperative in the period immediately following a fire or during periods of [work] but , there is a further consideration .

Access into these compartments is only provided for maintenance work and control of the extinguishing system should be provided externally in addition to the provision of internal automatic devices designed to operate the system .
access into these compartments is only provided for [work] work and control of the extinguishing system should be provided externally in addition to the provision of internal automatic devices designed to operate the system .

, and the maintenance of these routes free at all times , as well as assurance of the management responsibilities for regular evacuation drills , training etc .
, and the [work] of these routes free at all times , as well as assurance of the management responsibilities for regular evacuation drills , training etc .

Discipline within ‘ high-bay ’ warehouse installations has to be clearly defined and unambiguous ; clearly understood by all staff with regard to both operational and maintenance procedures .
discipline within ‘ high-bay ’ warehouse installations has to be clearly defined and unambiguous ; clearly understood by all staff with regard to both operational and [work] procedures .

Non-Company ( such as maintenance contract ) staff must be clearly instructed that they must adhere strictly to all safety procedures with particular reference to fire evacuation and the whereabouts of such persons must be known by the warehouse management , a member of which should undertake the responsibility for control .
non-company ( such as [work] contract ) staff must be clearly instructed that they must adhere strictly to all safety procedures with particular reference to fire evacuation and the whereabouts of such persons must be known by the warehouse management , a member of which should undertake the responsibility for control .

7.5 Design for Maintenance
7.5 design for [work]

7.6 Maintenance of Equipment
7.6 [work] of equipment

It is essential that proper planned maintenance of equipment is carried out at the recommended time and is correctly recorded , and rectified as quickly as possible , stating the remedial action taken .
it is essential that proper planned [work] of equipment is carried out at the recommended time and is correctly recorded , and rectified as quickly as possible , stating the remedial action taken .

Whenever liquids or greases are used during maintenance , all excess spillages must be cleared up as quickly as possible and before the equipment is put back into operation .
whenever liquids or greases are used during [work] , all excess spillages must be cleared up as quickly as possible and before the equipment is put back into operation .

Usually has built-in contractual responsibilities for hardware and software maintenance .
usually has built-in contractual responsibilities for hardware and software [work] .

For example , if the engineering department wants to introduce a new item of equipment into Service , they might give biased information about likely ‘ teething troubles ’ with the equipment 's technology or the expected costs of maintenance , or breakdown times .
for example , if the engineering department wants to introduce a new item of equipment into service , they might give biased information about likely ‘ teething troubles ’ with the equipment 's technology or the expected costs of [work] , or breakdown times .

the needs of the group ( for self maintenance ) etc .
the needs of the group ( for self [work] ) etc .

It creates reliability , thus meeting an important maintenance need of the system .
it creates reliability , thus meeting an important [work] need of the system .

Top management might spend too much time in maintenance of the organisation ( ie with problems of administration ) and lose sight of their primary tasks of setting objectives and planning for the future .
top management might spend too much time in [work] of the organisation ( ie with problems of administration ) and lose sight of their primary tasks of setting objectives and planning for the future .

specialist support teams ( eg. service and maintenance , quality control , corporate planning , organisation and methods , data processing etc ) are created to ease the burdens and complexities of line management . Such support teams need to be slotted into the hierarchical structure ; and
specialist support teams ( eg. service and [work] , quality control , corporate planning , organisation and methods , data processing etc ) are created to ease the burdens and complexities of line management . such support teams need to be slotted into the hierarchical structure ; and

In politics he was a thoroughgoing Whig , committed to the maintenance of the Revolution settlement and the Hanoverian succession .
in politics he was a thoroughgoing whig , committed to the [work] of the revolution settlement and the hanoverian succession .

Eleven years later , in 1808 , Kinloch decided that he was opposed to the maintenance of a standing army in time of peace and resigned his commission .
eleven years later , in 1808 , kinloch decided that he was opposed to the [work] of a standing army in time of peace and resigned his commission .

His appointment as lieutenant of the Tower in June 1660 placed him in a position vital to the maintenance of order in the City .
his appointment as lieutenant of the tower in june 1660 placed him in a position vital to the [work] of order in the city .

Demonstrations were staged outside poor-law offices and the slogan of ‘ work or full maintenance at trade-union rates ’ adopted .
demonstrations were staged outside poor-law offices and the slogan of ‘ work or full [work] at trade-union rates ’ adopted .

In 1774 she donated £50 for the maintenance of alms women in the town .
in 1774 she donated £50 for the [work] of alms women in the town .

, of the Liverpool–Newton Bridge section of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway , with responsibility for the maintenance of the permanent way , bridges , stations , and the winding engines for the steeply graded tunnel sections at Edge Hill , as well as for the replacement of the original rails which were far too light to carry heavy traffic .
, of the liverpool–newton bridge section of the liverpool and manchester railway , with responsibility for the [work] of the permanent way , bridges , stations , and the winding engines for the steeply graded tunnel sections at edge hill , as well as for the replacement of the original rails which were far too light to carry heavy traffic .

or , Sir John ( c. 1595–1675 ) , senior trustee for the maintenance of ministers , was the second son in the family of seven sons and a daughter of William Thorowgood of Grimston , county Norfolk , and Anne , his first wife , the daughter of Henry Edwards of Norwich , gentleman .
or , sir john ( c. 1595–1675 ) , senior trustee for the [work] of ministers , was the second son in the family of seven sons and a daughter of william thorowgood of grimston , county norfolk , and anne , his first wife , the daughter of henry edwards of norwich , gentleman .

Thoroughgood 's most important position was as one of the trustees for the maintenance of ministers , appointed in 1649 to supplement the work of the parliamentary plundered ministers ' committee by augmenting the stipends of clergy and teachers out of funds at their disposal .
thoroughgood 's most important position was as one of the trustees for the [work] of ministers , appointed in 1649 to supplement the work of the parliamentary plundered ministers ' committee by augmenting the stipends of clergy and teachers out of funds at their disposal .

He organized the recruitment and training of men , the fortification and provisioning of west-country ports , the maintenance of beacons , and the apprehension of recusants .
he organized the recruitment and training of men , the fortification and provisioning of west-country ports , the [work] of beacons , and the apprehension of recusants .

He offered £500 towards the cost of fortifications at the time of the renewal of his lease , and he secured government support for the maintenance of a garrison there .
he offered £500 towards the cost of fortifications at the time of the renewal of his lease , and he secured government support for the [work] of a garrison there .

He was responsible for the maintenance and repair of over 7,000 locomotives , 21,000 passenger coaches , and 300,000 goods wagons , as well as for new design and construction , with control of some 30,000 workshop and out-station staff .
he was responsible for the [work] and repair of over 7,000 locomotives , 21,000 passenger coaches , and 300,000 goods wagons , as well as for new design and construction , with control of some 30,000 workshop and out-station staff .

In 1863 he joined the London , Chatham and Dover Railway , taking charge of maintenance of their telegraph instruments , clocks , and watches under the chief engineer for telegraphs and electric lighting .
in 1863 he joined the london , chatham and dover railway , taking charge of [work] of their telegraph instruments , clocks , and watches under the chief engineer for telegraphs and electric lighting .

The chief preoccupation of Methuen 's later years , apart from his painting , and one for which he denied himself many luxuries , was the restoration , maintenance , and improvement of Corsham Court , the family seat , and of the collection of pictures which hung in the magnificent gallery built and furnished for them in the 1760s .
the chief preoccupation of methuen 's later years , apart from his painting , and one for which he denied himself many luxuries , was the restoration , [work] , and improvement of corsham court , the family seat , and of the collection of pictures which hung in the magnificent gallery built and furnished for them in the 1760s .

Since , in practice , shares in British companies are ‘ registered ’ and not ‘ bearer ’ and since the process of becoming ( or ceasing to be ) a member and shareholder is incomplete until entry on the register , the statutory provisions regarding its maintenance are of importance . In summary , they are as follows :
since , in practice , shares in british companies are ‘ registered ’ and not ‘ bearer ’ and since the process of becoming ( or ceasing to be ) a member and shareholder is incomplete until entry on the register , the statutory provisions regarding its [work] are of importance . in summary , they are as follows :

by compulsory maintenance of various registers and the like by the company ; and
by compulsory [work] of various registers and the like by the company ; and

What modern materials have done is create options over construction , and ease maintenance after installation .
what modern materials have done is create options over construction , and ease [work] after installation .

This means that the pump can be easily removed from the pool without disturbing the extension cable , if maintenance proves necessary .
this means that the pump can be easily removed from the pool without disturbing the extension cable , if [work] proves necessary .

Electronic surveillance ( bugging ) , telephone tapping , infiltration of political organizations and squats , photographing demonstrations , the maintenance of files on perhaps 2 million political activists and ( in London ) the systematic recording of all public meetings and demonstrations , including the names and addresses of speakers and chairpersons , are all practices that have been admitted by the police or have emerged in the course of court hearings .
electronic surveillance ( bugging ) , telephone tapping , infiltration of political organizations and squats , photographing demonstrations , the [work] of files on perhaps 2 million political activists and ( in london ) the systematic recording of all public meetings and demonstrations , including the names and addresses of speakers and chairpersons , are all practices that have been admitted by the police or have emerged in the course of court hearings .

It has been argued that the American economy is dependent for its survival on the maintenance of high levels of military spending .
it has been argued that the american economy is dependent for its survival on the [work] of high levels of military spending .

Obviously , this occurs mainly in times of war between nations , but the military is also sometimes employed in the maintenance of public order within nations .
obviously , this occurs mainly in times of war between nations , but the military is also sometimes employed in the [work] of public order within nations .

In a situation of international anarchy , constant war is avoided by maintenance of a balance of power , based on a system of military alliances whose purpose is to prevent the domination of a single-power .
in a situation of international anarchy , constant war is avoided by [work] of a balance of power , based on a system of military alliances whose purpose is to prevent the domination of a single-power .

The establishment and maintenance of peace was the primary aim of idealists , and this was to be achieved through the spread of liberal democracy and through international law , administered by a newly created international organization , the League of Nations .
the establishment and [work] of peace was the primary aim of idealists , and this was to be achieved through the spread of liberal democracy and through international law , administered by a newly created international organization , the league of nations .

In the early post-war years the consolidation of Soviet power in Eastern Europe stimulated fears of communist expansion and generated support , in the United States , for the maintenance of a high level of military preparedness .
in the early post-war years the consolidation of soviet power in eastern europe stimulated fears of communist expansion and generated support , in the united states , for the [work] of a high level of military preparedness .

However , the idea of capital maintenance also has economic significance : income is only recognized after capital has been maintained intact .
however , the idea of capital [work] also has economic significance : income is only recognized after capital has been maintained intact .

The economic significance of capital maintenance in the balance sheets of public sector organizations has not been a major concern of accountants in the past .
the economic significance of capital [work] in the balance sheets of public sector organizations has not been a major concern of accountants in the past .

The emergence of current cost accounting and of efforts to apply it to public sector organizations has necessitated taking an explicit view of capital maintenance in their accounts .
the emergence of current cost accounting and of efforts to apply it to public sector organizations has necessitated taking an explicit view of capital [work] in their accounts .

If central government is to finance 100 per cent of a local authority 's programme for maintenance of motorways , the authority can not charge other , unrelated expenditure to that programme .
if central government is to finance 100 per cent of a local authority 's programme for [work] of motorways , the authority can not charge other , unrelated expenditure to that programme .

This fund is concerned with the provision and maintenance of the stock of houses owned by the authority and rented out to tenants .
this fund is concerned with the provision and [work] of the stock of houses owned by the authority and rented out to tenants .

Nevertheless , depreciation has a place in capital maintenance .
nevertheless , depreciation has a place in capital [work] .

The relevant concept of capital maintenance
the relevant concept of capital [work]

The second issue involves the concept of capital maintenance adopted .
the second issue involves the concept of capital [work] adopted .

The underlying concept is what has been called ‘ zero capital maintenance ’ ( Jones , 1982 ) .
the underlying concept is what has been called ‘ zero capital [work] ’ ( jones , 1982 ) .

Options l and 2 would affect the concept of capital maintenance , and the argument would then include opinions on the relative merits of each .
options l and 2 would affect the concept of capital [work] , and the argument would then include opinions on the relative merits of each .

— British Rail Maintenance Ltd
— british rail [work] ltd

In addition , the whole question of depreciation accounting is tied up with matters of capital maintenance and broader questions of what local authority accounts are attempting to do .
in addition , the whole question of depreciation accounting is tied up with matters of capital [work] and broader questions of what local authority accounts are attempting to do .

The goal for geomorphic environmental studies is to minimize topographic distortions and to understand the interrelated processes necessary in restoration , or maintenance , of the natural balance .
the goal for geomorphic environmental studies is to minimize topographic distortions and to understand the interrelated processes necessary in restoration , or [work] , of the natural balance .

Open systems , however , were portrayed as those which need an energy supply for maintenance and preservation and as maintained in an equilibrium condition by the constant supply and removal of material and energy .
open systems , however , were portrayed as those which need an energy supply for [work] and preservation and as maintained in an equilibrium condition by the constant supply and removal of material and energy .

The regime established by the neutralisation of an entire region could be based on a framework of obligations undertaken by the Great Powers to desist or refrain from particular forms of military involvement in that region , in particular the maintenance of military bases , facilities and alliance systems .
the regime established by the neutralisation of an entire region could be based on a framework of obligations undertaken by the great powers to desist or refrain from particular forms of military involvement in that region , in particular the [work] of military bases , facilities and alliance systems .

While full demilitarisation prohibits military installations , the maintenance of armed forces , the conduct of manoeuvres or undertaking other military activity , partial demilitarisation either forbids a distinct form of armed activity or establishes a limited level of armaments .
while full demilitarisation prohibits military installations , the [work] of armed forces , the conduct of manoeuvres or undertaking other military activity , partial demilitarisation either forbids a distinct form of armed activity or establishes a limited level of armaments .

In contrast Soviet leaders committed themselves , at least until the late 1980s , to the maintenance of a Marxist dominated pro-Soviet regime in Kabul , to the ‘ irreversibility ’ of the process of ‘ revolutionary development ’ in Afghanistan , with the future political and strategic implications this entailed for South Asia and the Persian Gulf .
in contrast soviet leaders committed themselves , at least until the late 1980s , to the [work] of a marxist dominated pro-soviet regime in kabul , to the ‘ irreversibility ’ of the process of ‘ revolutionary development ’ in afghanistan , with the future political and strategic implications this entailed for south asia and the persian gulf .

The problem curiously resembles the formation of patterned ground in periglacial conditions ( Chapter 15 ) : the reasons for the initiation are difficult to discover , the reasons for the maintenance of the pattern are reasonably clear .
the problem curiously resembles the formation of patterned ground in periglacial conditions ( chapter 15 ) : the reasons for the initiation are difficult to discover , the reasons for the [work] of the pattern are reasonably clear .

It will be seen that , if the maintenance of such longitudinal vortices is possible , the presence of cloud streets ( long lines of shallow cumulus clouds ) , which have also been clearly shown by satellite photographs , and seif dunes could be explained by one single hypothesis .
it will be seen that , if the [work] of such longitudinal vortices is possible , the presence of cloud streets ( long lines of shallow cumulus clouds ) , which have also been clearly shown by satellite photographs , and seif dunes could be explained by one single hypothesis .

Herzberg terms this the ‘ hygiene ’ or ‘ maintenance ’ factor .
herzberg terms this the ‘ hygiene ’ or ‘ [work] ’ factor .

For example , a housing neighbourhood office manager may be responsible for budgets covering empty properties , rent arrears , maintenance , staff such as wardens , office expenses and income from garages ( Audit Commission , 1989a ) .
for example , a housing neighbourhood office manager may be responsible for budgets covering empty properties , rent arrears , [work] , staff such as wardens , office expenses and income from garages ( audit commission , 1989a ) .

To achieve this flexibility , the modular structure has been adopted in the belief that it provides the maximum amount of choice for the student compatible with the maintenance of academic standards .
to achieve this flexibility , the modular structure has been adopted in the belief that it provides the maximum amount of choice for the student compatible with the [work] of academic standards .

Responsibility for deploying resources in support of courses is separated from responsibility for academic management and maintenance of standards .
responsibility for deploying resources in support of courses is separated from responsibility for academic management and [work] of standards .

Scarce programming resources can be swamped by maintenance work on existing systems , to the detriment of work on new developments .
scarce programming resources can be swamped by [work] work on existing systems , to the detriment of work on new developments .

One effective solution to this has been to identify elements of maintenance that can safely be put into the hands of the users .
one effective solution to this has been to identify elements of [work] that can safely be put into the hands of the users .

The garden competitions in England had a direct effect on the maintenance of stations in Britain 's greatest dependency , India .
the garden competitions in england had a direct effect on the [work] of stations in britain 's greatest dependency , india .

If the goal is the maintenance of the client in the community and there is a risk through self-neglect , degree of dependence , or resistance that the person will become dependent upon institutional care , then the service must reach out to them , maintain regular contact ( daily if necessary ) , and respond rapidly and appropriately to any early signs of problems .
if the goal is the [work] of the client in the community and there is a risk through self-neglect , degree of dependence , or resistance that the person will become dependent upon institutional care , then the service must reach out to them , maintain regular contact ( daily if necessary ) , and respond rapidly and appropriately to any early signs of problems .

It is also true that such high doses have no place in ordinary maintenance drug regimes .
it is also true that such high doses have no place in ordinary [work] drug regimes .

Using research as a basis , the Barnes and Maple monograph analyses the importance of sex stereotypes in the development and maintenance of mental illness .
using research as a basis , the barnes and maple monograph analyses the importance of sex stereotypes in the development and [work] of mental illness .

Lord Oliver of Aylmerton commented that ‘ ingenuity can sometimes suggest ambiguity or obscurity where none exists in fact , and if the instant case were to be thought to justify the exercise of combing through reports of parliamentary proceedings in the hope of unearthing some perhaps incautious expression of opinion in support of an improbable secondary meaning , the relaxation of the rule might indeed lead to the fruitless expense and labour which has been prayed in aid in the past as one of the reasons justifying its maintenance ’ .
lord oliver of aylmerton commented that ‘ ingenuity can sometimes suggest ambiguity or obscurity where none exists in fact , and if the instant case were to be thought to justify the exercise of combing through reports of parliamentary proceedings in the hope of unearthing some perhaps incautious expression of opinion in support of an improbable secondary meaning , the relaxation of the rule might indeed lead to the fruitless expense and labour which has been prayed in aid in the past as one of the reasons justifying its [work] ’ .

As the number of clerical factories has increased , so too has the sophistication of building and maintenance techniques , with the consequence that some buildings are now regarded as ‘ smart ’ or ‘ intelligent ’ .
as the number of clerical factories has increased , so too has the sophistication of building and [work] techniques , with the consequence that some buildings are now regarded as ‘ smart ’ or ‘ intelligent ’ .

If it is accepted that the office has become the most common working environment for the majority of the population then it seems increasingly important that those involved in the design , construction and maintenance of them have an understanding of modern management techniques and their implications for employee efficiency .
if it is accepted that the office has become the most common working environment for the majority of the population then it seems increasingly important that those involved in the design , construction and [work] of them have an understanding of modern management techniques and their implications for employee efficiency .

‘ The importance of maintenance as a specialist element within the sphere of building is undeniable and yet so often we are portrayed as unprofessional and given little credence .
‘ the importance of [work] as a specialist element within the sphere of building is undeniable and yet so often we are portrayed as unprofessional and given little credence .

The Diploma in Maintenance Management is a start .
the diploma in [work] management is a start .

The workers , who used to be employed by British Rail Maintenance , have also deposited redundancy payments , running into six figures , with the Royal Bank .
the workers , who used to be employed by british rail [work] , have also deposited redundancy payments , running into six figures , with the royal bank .

British Rail Maintenance explained that 140 men and women had volunteered for redundancy .
british rail [work] explained that 140 men and women had volunteered for redundancy .

The Works Manager at British Rail Maintenance was also delighted , and wrote in a letter to Danny , ‘ All emerging comments have been favourable and your services have been greatly appreciated by all concerned .
the works manager at british rail [work] was also delighted , and wrote in a letter to danny , ‘ all emerging comments have been favourable and your services have been greatly appreciated by all concerned .

The route has been constructed for joint use by cyclists and pedestrians , although it will occasionally be used by motor vehicles for maintenance or emergency purposes .
the route has been constructed for joint use by cyclists and pedestrians , although it will occasionally be used by motor vehicles for [work] or emergency purposes .

However , with experience of rather higher levels of use an asphalt surface has now been added to reduce annual maintenance costs .
however , with experience of rather higher levels of use an asphalt surface has now been added to reduce annual [work] costs .

Behind the simple action of turning a tap , however , lies a vast network of pumping stations , treatment works , laboratories , reservoirs , pipes and people — from engineers , scientists and maintenance workers to administrative staff — all working to ensure a high quality water supply .
behind the simple action of turning a tap , however , lies a vast network of pumping stations , treatment works , laboratories , reservoirs , pipes and people — from engineers , scientists and [work] workers to administrative staff — all working to ensure a high quality water supply .

The route has been constructed for joint use by cyclists and pedestrians , although it will occasionally be used by motor vehicles for maintenance or emergency purposes .
the route has been constructed for joint use by cyclists and pedestrians , although it will occasionally be used by motor vehicles for [work] or emergency purposes .

However , with experience of rather higher levels of use an asphalt surface has now been added to reduce annual maintenance costs .
however , with experience of rather higher levels of use an asphalt surface has now been added to reduce annual [work] costs .

BridgeCare , with a staff of 25 based in Market Street , forms the other part of the Projects Division and attends to the maintenance of existing bridges and retaining walls as well as the design on new structures for roadworks .
bridgecare , with a staff of 25 based in market street , forms the other part of the projects division and attends to the [work] of existing bridges and retaining walls as well as the design on new structures for roadworks .

The opportunity was taken during programmed maintenance and repair works to restore the appearance of the bridge , thereby enhancing its environs and creating a noticeable landmark to motorists and pedestrians passing under the bridge on route to the Capital 's city centre area .
the opportunity was taken during programmed [work] and repair works to restore the appearance of the bridge , thereby enhancing its environs and creating a noticeable landmark to motorists and pedestrians passing under the bridge on route to the capital 's city centre area .

The recessed arch panels can now be easily removed to give access to the main girders for future inspection and maintenance .
the recessed arch panels can now be easily removed to give access to the main girders for future inspection and [work] .

the provision , maintenance and revision of training to ensure the competency of employees to carry out their duties safely and without risk to health .
the provision , [work] and revision of training to ensure the competency of employees to carry out their duties safely and without risk to health .

Sign Maintenance : emergency procedures for sign replacement are fully operational through Inroads ( the Council 's Direct Labour Organisation for roads ) .
sign [work] : emergency procedures for sign replacement are fully operational through inroads ( the council 's direct labour organisation for roads ) .

Highway Maintenance Programme No work planned for Juniper Green .
highway [work] programme no work planned for juniper green .

Request for regular monthly visits to the hall and adequate maintenance .
request for regular monthly visits to the hall and adequate [work] .

Highway Maintenance Priorities quarterly programme .
highway [work] priorities quarterly programme .

Highway Maintenance Priorities Edinburgh Sub Region Quarterly programme but no section on Juniper Green is included .
highway [work] priorities edinburgh sub region quarterly programme but no section on juniper green is included .

However , by the end of the year , a survey of attendees and those who had bought action packs showed that 31 % had already experienced lower maintenance costs and 38 % had gained improved reliability .
however , by the end of the year , a survey of attendees and those who had bought action packs showed that 31 % had already experienced lower [work] costs and 38 % had gained improved reliability .

stock control and the maintenance of equipment ;
stock control and the [work] of equipment ;

ensuring the up-keep and maintenance of Ty Gwyn .
ensuring the up-keep and [work] of ty gwyn .

They must be in need of more than routine maintenance , be part of a pattern of hedgerows visible to the public , valuable to wildlife and/or of historical significance .
they must be in need of more than routine [work] , be part of a pattern of hedgerows visible to the public , valuable to wildlife and/or of historical significance .

The most immediate way in which this right of access can be given meaning is through the opening up and maintenance of the Rights of Way network .
the most immediate way in which this right of access can be given meaning is through the opening up and [work] of the rights of way network .

As a sizable amount of the education budget is spent on school maintenance , repairs and cleaning , obviously the elimination of vandalism and litter would provide schools with substantial spending power .
as a sizable amount of the education budget is spent on school [work] , repairs and cleaning , obviously the elimination of vandalism and litter would provide schools with substantial spending power .

Through the use of school self-evaluation with pupil involvement , school communities could take more responsibility for maintenance and cleaning of school premises and at the same time improve pupil attitudes through raising awareness of social and environmental issues .
through the use of school self-evaluation with pupil involvement , school communities could take more responsibility for [work] and cleaning of school premises and at the same time improve pupil attitudes through raising awareness of social and environmental issues .

Long-term maintenance .
long-term [work] .

The University has completed its own survey ( through consultants ) of the backlog of repair and maintenance of university buildings , and has reviewed the level of funding which might reasonably be put towards the backlog in addition to its customary allocation for repairs and maintenance .
the university has completed its own survey ( through consultants ) of the backlog of repair and [work] of university buildings , and has reviewed the level of funding which might reasonably be put towards the backlog in addition to its customary allocation for repairs and [work] .

The University is budgeting for a deficit in 1992–3 leading to an accumulated deficit at the end of the year of £3.7m , having decided that the general financial outlook was sufficiently encouraging for it not to delay allocating funds towards the backlog of long-term maintenance ( see para .
the university is budgeting for a deficit in 1992–3 leading to an accumulated deficit at the end of the year of £3.7m , having decided that the general financial outlook was sufficiently encouraging for it not to delay allocating funds towards the backlog of long-term [work] ( see para .

It will be clear from the foregoing paragraphs that the maintenance of quality in all its aspects is central to the University 's aims in every area of activity .
it will be clear from the foregoing paragraphs that the [work] of quality in all its aspects is central to the university 's aims in every area of activity .

‘ Parts of the Chambers Street building are 130 years-old and we found that virtually no maintenance had been carried out .
‘ parts of the chambers street building are 130 years-old and we found that virtually no [work] had been carried out .

Increased consumption of fossil fuels was in part caused by a 6 per cent reduction in electricity generated from nuclear power , due to a decline in imports of nuclear electricity from France and the prolonged shutdown of several nuclear power stations for maintenance .
increased consumption of fossil fuels was in part caused by a 6 per cent reduction in electricity generated from nuclear power , due to a decline in imports of nuclear electricity from france and the prolonged shutdown of several nuclear power stations for [work] .

The departmental administrator 's responsibilities include finance , staff relations , the appointment of clerical assistants and technicians , and the maintenance of premises .
the departmental administrator 's responsibilities include finance , staff relations , the appointment of clerical assistants and technicians , and the [work] of premises .

But they would enter into a five year contract and qualify for annual payments of about £30 per hectare for the maintenance of land free of non-agricultural development .
but they would enter into a five year contract and qualify for annual payments of about £30 per hectare for the [work] of land free of non-agricultural development .

Its activities cover programming , installation and maintenance , staff training , desktop publishing as well as graphic art and video production .
its activities cover programming , installation and [work] , staff training , desktop publishing as well as graphic art and video production .

5.8.1.3 to give to the Tenant ( or leave upon the Premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the Tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this Lease and to request the Tenant immediately to execute the same including the making good of such opening-up ( if any ) provided that any such opening-up shall be made good by and at the cost of the Landlord where such opening up reveals no breaches of the terms of this Lease
5.8.1.3 to give to the tenant ( or leave upon the premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning [work] or painting that the tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this lease and to request the tenant immediately to execute the same including the making good of such opening-up ( if any ) provided that any such opening-up shall be made good by and at the cost of the landlord where such opening up reveals no breaches of the terms of this lease

5.8.1.3 to give to the Tenant ( or leave upon the Premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the Tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this Lease and to request the Tenant immediately to execute the same
5.8.1.3 to give to the tenant ( or leave upon the premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning [work] or painting that the tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this lease and to request the tenant immediately to execute the same

In addition , of course , each metaphor possesses an immediate , local value , in the creation and maintenance of the people 's world view , and enriching the texture of the novel .
in addition , of course , each metaphor possesses an immediate , local value , in the creation and [work] of the people 's world view , and enriching the texture of the novel .

There are questions concerning insurance , maintenance costs of repairing the property and problems with the landlord/tenant relationship .
there are questions concerning insurance , [work] costs of repairing the property and problems with the landlord/tenant relationship .

Questions that are commonly asked are as follows : ( 1 ) The ownership and maintenance responsibilities of the boundaries of the property .
questions that are commonly asked are as follows : ( 1 ) the ownership and [work] responsibilities of the boundaries of the property .

Again , details of maintenance responsibilities will be required and the proportion in which the costs of upkeep have been shared by those entitled .
again , details of [work] responsibilities will be required and the proportion in which the costs of upkeep have been shared by those entitled .

( 10 ) If the property is leasehold : ( a ) please confirm that the seller has complied with all the covenants in the lease ; ( b ) does the seller know whether any items of substantial expenditure for decoration , maintenance or repair have been carried out by the lessors recently but not yet charged to tenants , or are any such contemplated in the near future ?
( 10 ) if the property is leasehold : ( a ) please confirm that the seller has complied with all the covenants in the lease ; ( b ) does the seller know whether any items of substantial expenditure for decoration , [work] or repair have been carried out by the lessors recently but not yet charged to tenants , or are any such contemplated in the near future ?

( a ) Contents of map The map is kept at Local Land Registries of the area covered by the Registry , which is responsible for its maintenance .
( a ) contents of map the map is kept at local land registries of the area covered by the registry , which is responsible for its [work] .

Every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of land bounded by , adjacent to or crossed by a river , stream or brook should search before exchange of contracts , to ascertain any rights exercised over the property , liability for repair and maintenance of banks , and liability to flooding .
every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of land bounded by , adjacent to or crossed by a river , stream or brook should search before exchange of contracts , to ascertain any rights exercised over the property , liability for repair and [work] of banks , and liability to flooding .

Every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of land adjoining a railway should by letter , with a plan , search before exchange of contracts for details of any rights of the Authority over the land or any liability for maintenance of boundaries attaching to it .
every buyer , lessee and mortgagee of land adjoining a railway should by letter , with a plan , search before exchange of contracts for details of any rights of the authority over the land or any liability for [work] of boundaries attaching to it .

Acting for a seller of leasehold property , it may be that your client , as lessee , for instance , of a flat in a large block , holds a share in a management company that looks after the maintenance of the building , etc ( see Chapter 12 on leases ) .
acting for a seller of leasehold property , it may be that your client , as lessee , for instance , of a flat in a large block , holds a share in a management company that looks after the [work] of the building , etc ( see chapter 12 on leases ) .

Here is the kind of letter you will write for a reference : re Mr John Smith The above is proposing to take a lease of certain residential premises at an annual rent of £ and maintenance charges at present £ , and he has supplied your name as a reference .
here is the kind of letter you will write for a reference : re mr john smith the above is proposing to take a lease of certain residential premises at an annual rent of £ and [work] charges at present £ , and he has supplied your name as a reference .

Would you be kind enough , therefore , to apply to that bank on our behalf for the customary reference for a residential tenancy at an annual rent of £ and maintenance charges at present £ .
would you be kind enough , therefore , to apply to that bank on our behalf for the customary reference for a residential tenancy at an annual rent of £ and [work] charges at present £ .

Finally , again as mentioned above , a lessee sometimes holds a share in the management company responsible for the maintenance of the building and grounds , which is an advantage to him or her in giving him or her a say in these important matters .
finally , again as mentioned above , a lessee sometimes holds a share in the management company responsible for the [work] of the building and grounds , which is an advantage to him or her in giving him or her a say in these important matters .

trustees of , say , an accumulation and maintenance trust or a discretionary trust or a life interest trust ; 2. bare trustees or nominees ; and 3. agents .
trustees of , say , an accumulation and [work] trust or a discretionary trust or a life interest trust ; 2. bare trustees or nominees ; and 3. agents .

It is clear that a gift can amount to a potentially exempt transfer if it is an outright gift to an individual or it is a gift to an accumulation and maintenance trust or indeed it is a gift to a trust under which the beneficiary has an interest in possession .
it is clear that a gift can amount to a potentially exempt transfer if it is an outright gift to an individual or it is a gift to an accumulation and [work] trust or indeed it is a gift to a trust under which the beneficiary has an interest in possession .

The quality standards refer to the maintenance of central records of experts which must comply with the data protection laws .
the quality standards refer to the [work] of central records of experts which must comply with the data protection laws .

There has been a recent announcement of a child-care maintenance system which runs on a Psion and further applications are likely .
there has been a recent announcement of a child-care [work] system which runs on a psion and further applications are likely .

Training and maintenance
training and [work]

Maintenance contracts are therefore a prudent investment .
[work] contracts are therefore a prudent investment .

While collaboration between the teacher and the school librarian is essential in the design of the database , the selection and indexing of information and resources , and the construction and maintenance of a database are usually seen as the tasks of the school librarian .
while collaboration between the teacher and the school librarian is essential in the design of the database , the selection and indexing of information and resources , and the construction and [work] of a database are usually seen as the tasks of the school librarian .

Maintenance of data is important in software in which data is created by pupils , for example in some mathematical or economics programs , in viewdata software or in databases .
[work] of data is important in software in which data is created by pupils , for example in some mathematical or economics programs , in viewdata software or in databases .

Periodical payments of maintenance escape the statutory charge as does the first £2,500 of any money or property preserved or recovered ( Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 , reg 94 ) .
periodical payments of [work] escape the statutory charge as does the first £2,500 of any money or property preserved or recovered ( civil legal aid ( general ) regulations 1989 , reg 94 ) .

In considering the payment of income maintenance , regard should be had to any mortgage interest which has to be paid if the matrimonial home is retained and to the most tax advantageous method of payment for both husband and wife .
in considering the payment of income [work] , regard should be had to any mortgage interest which has to be paid if the matrimonial home is retained and to the most tax advantageous method of payment for both husband and wife .

It is in the interests of both husband and wife that agreement be reached as to the responsibility for maintenance and repairs .
it is in the interests of both husband and wife that agreement be reached as to the responsibility for [work] and repairs .

Secondly , s11 of the Inheritance Tax Act 1984 provides that a disposition is not a transfer for value for inheritance tax if made by one party to the marriage for the maintenance of the other party .
secondly , s11 of the inheritance tax act 1984 provides that a disposition is not a transfer for value for inheritance tax if made by one party to the marriage for the [work] of the other party .

There is no definition of `` maintenance `` in the Act .
there is no definition of `` [work] `` in the act .

The declaration of trust referred to in the previous section should contain not only the trusts upon which the former matrimonial home is held but in addition clauses relating to : ( i ) Repairs — Outside trustees will particularly wish to ensure that they are under no obligation to see to the maintenance and repair of the property , and under no liability in respect of lack of maintenance and repair ( see p95 ) .
the declaration of trust referred to in the previous section should contain not only the trusts upon which the former matrimonial home is held but in addition clauses relating to : ( i ) repairs — outside trustees will particularly wish to ensure that they are under no obligation to see to the [work] and repair of the property , and under no liability in respect of lack of [work] and repair ( see p95 ) .

Agreement should also be reached as to responsibility for maintenance , repairs and insurance of the property ( see Precedent 53 ) .
agreement should also be reached as to responsibility for [work] , repairs and insurance of the property ( see precedent 53 ) .

In addition , of course , there should be a Memorandum off the register or declaration of trust ( see Precedent 53 ) as to the shares in the net proceeds of sale of each party , and obligations as to repair and maintenance .
in addition , of course , there should be a memorandum off the register or declaration of trust ( see precedent 53 ) as to the shares in the net proceeds of sale of each party , and obligations as to repair and [work] .

Aft of him was stowage space for a collapsible dinghy , maintenance platforms and a spare propeller !
aft of him was stowage space for a collapsible dinghy , [work] platforms and a spare propeller !

less maintenance : lubricated for life , no cable adjustment needed
less [work] : lubricated for life , no cable adjustment needed

In his new role , he will have responsibility for the day-to-day management , operations , cleaning , maintenance and marketing of Middleton Arndale .
in his new role , he will have responsibility for the day-to-day management , operations , cleaning , [work] and marketing of middleton arndale .

Following the annual challenge between the Stoke and Fleetwood depots for the team prize , captain of the winning Stoke team , Maintenance Fitter , John Caine accepted the Jack Salford Trophy from main sponsor , Jack Salford .
following the annual challenge between the stoke and fleetwood depots for the team prize , captain of the winning stoke team , [work] fitter , john caine accepted the jack salford trophy from main sponsor , jack salford .

‘ Building operations ’ , for instance , include rebuilding operations , structural alterations of , or additions to , buildings and , somewhat curiously , ‘ other operations normally undertaken by a person carrying on business as a builder ’ ; but maintenance and improvement works which affect only the interior of the building or which do not materially affect the external appearance of the building are specifically excluded .
‘ building operations ’ , for instance , include rebuilding operations , structural alterations of , or additions to , buildings and , somewhat curiously , ‘ other operations normally undertaken by a person carrying on business as a builder ’ ; but [work] and improvement works which affect only the interior of the building or which do not materially affect the external appearance of the building are specifically excluded .

On the one hand , it would not be equitable , without compensation , at any time and for any reason to remove , or to prohibit the maintenance , replacement , extension or use of an existing building .
on the one hand , it would not be equitable , without compensation , at any time and for any reason to remove , or to prohibit the [work] , replacement , extension or use of an existing building .

the promotion and maintenance of a stable and efficient agricultural industry ;
the promotion and [work] of a stable and efficient agricultural industry ;

The cost of maintenance , the financial attractions of redevelopment the need for urban renewal , the roads programme and similar factors often threaten buildings which are of architectural or historic interest .
the cost of [work] , the financial attractions of redevelopment the need for urban renewal , the roads programme and similar factors often threaten buildings which are of architectural or historic interest .

It spends at least £55 million a year on the upkeep and maintenance of its buildings ( mainly funded by its congregations ) compared with about £4 million which comes through state aid .
it spends at least £55 million a year on the upkeep and [work] of its buildings ( mainly funded by its congregations ) compared with about £4 million which comes through state aid .

In terms of preventing relapse among people with an established schizophrenic illness , a concern for the social environment to which they return needs to become as much a part of standard procedures as is the administration of maintenance medication .
in terms of preventing relapse among people with an established schizophrenic illness , a concern for the social environment to which they return needs to become as much a part of standard procedures as is the administration of [work] medication .

Adherence to the maintenance drugs regime will nearly always be helpful to people treated for schizophrenia in the process of rehabilitation , but is likely to be especially important for those remaining in living circumstances that are far from ideal .
adherence to the [work] drugs regime will nearly always be helpful to people treated for schizophrenia in the process of rehabilitation , but is likely to be especially important for those remaining in living circumstances that are far from ideal .

Monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( Freeman , 1978 ) .
monitoring and encouraging drug [work] is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( freeman , 1978 ) .

Low expressed emotion , on the other hand , and a positive approach to fostering social competence by relatives could , along with maintenance neuroleptic medication , reduce vulnerability to relapse to a low level ( Leff et al .
low expressed emotion , on the other hand , and a positive approach to fostering social competence by relatives could , along with [work] neuroleptic medication , reduce vulnerability to relapse to a low level ( leff et al .

Mierle Laderman Ukele proposed an exhibition about maintenance called Care in 1969 : ‘ After the revolution who 's going to pick up the garbage on Monday morning ?
mierle laderman ukele proposed an exhibition about [work] called care in 1969 : ‘ after the revolution who 's going to pick up the garbage on monday morning ?

’ ‘ Conceptual and Process Art … claim pure development and change , yet employ almost purely maintenance processes .
’ ‘ conceptual and process art … claim pure development and change , yet employ almost purely [work] processes .

Maintenance is a drag : it takes all the fucking time ’ 8
[work] is a drag : it takes all the fucking time ’ 8

The Council of Mortgage Lenders , in line with the majority of respondents in the ‘ other ’ category , supported the maintenance of the status quo as expressed in the question .
the council of mortgage lenders , in line with the majority of respondents in the ‘ other ’ category , supported the [work] of the status quo as expressed in the question .

Designed for Easy Maintenance
designed for easy [work]

Maintenance requirements were taken into account from the design stage .
[work] requirements were taken into account from the design stage .

In the neotropics , the question of the maintenance of diversity of the rich epiphyte flora has been considered to have a partly physical explanation , though the germane physical features are generated by living hosts , i.e. the nature of bark surfaces .
in the neotropics , the question of the [work] of diversity of the rich epiphyte flora has been considered to have a partly physical explanation , though the germane physical features are generated by living hosts , i.e. the nature of bark surfaces .

Not for the first time , seats were wrecked at the showpiece stadium and maintenance men have spent the day at Ibrox assessing the full extent of the damage at the Celtic end of the ground .
not for the first time , seats were wrecked at the showpiece stadium and [work] men have spent the day at ibrox assessing the full extent of the damage at the celtic end of the ground .

‘ … anyway , with time it was obvious that he was going to need more maintenance than Gwen was prepared to give him .
‘ … anyway , with time it was obvious that he was going to need more [work] than gwen was prepared to give him .

For potentially archival material long-term plans on the maintenance of supporting documentation , storage media and system documentation will be made and reviewed .
for potentially archival material long-term plans on the [work] of supporting documentation , storage media and system documentation will be made and reviewed .

In addition to the extra effort involved in maintenance , this has serious implications for the preservation of the contextual or evidential value of the record .
in addition to the extra effort involved in [work] , this has serious implications for the preservation of the contextual or evidential value of the record .

The maintenance of such records in departments was traditionally seen as enabling them to see who did what , when , where and why , and what were the effects of these actions .
the [work] of such records in departments was traditionally seen as enabling them to see who did what , when , where and why , and what were the effects of these actions .

In practice , of course , few paper systems delivered all these benefits but they were the rationale behind their maintenance .
in practice , of course , few paper systems delivered all these benefits but they were the rationale behind their [work] .

The core question of the case , as far as this paper is concerned , was , whether the Defendants had failed to comply ‘ with the statutory requirements and whether the guidelines are reasonable or sufficiently clear as to provide adequate guidance to personnel employed by the Defendants in their maintenance and preservation of federal records ? The other issue was whether the United States Archivist has fulfilled his statutory duties … ’ ( Judge Richey 's introduction to the Appeal Court decision ) .
the core question of the case , as far as this paper is concerned , was , whether the defendants had failed to comply ‘ with the statutory requirements and whether the guidelines are reasonable or sufficiently clear as to provide adequate guidance to personnel employed by the defendants in their [work] and preservation of federal records ? the other issue was whether the united states archivist has fulfilled his statutory duties … ’ ( judge richey 's introduction to the appeal court decision ) .

If the medium of issue is magnetic then the indefinite maintenance of bit-perfect records commits us to an active program of periodic renewal and integrity checking , or a one-off transfer to a more permanent medium .
if the medium of issue is magnetic then the indefinite [work] of bit-perfect records commits us to an active program of periodic renewal and integrity checking , or a one-off transfer to a more permanent medium .

The requirement for functional intactness of software not only entails the maintenance of bit-perfect records but also implies the provision at some time of operational contemporary hardware or a functional equivalent .
the requirement for functional intactness of software not only entails the [work] of bit-perfect records but also implies the provision at some time of operational contemporary hardware or a functional equivalent .

The maintenance of bit-perfect records requires an open-ended commitment to periodic copying and checking .
the [work] of bit-perfect records requires an open-ended commitment to periodic copying and checking .

The restoration and maintenance of contemporary hardware on an indefinite basis demands vast financial resources and the opportunity cost is likely to be politically indefensible .
the restoration and [work] of contemporary hardware on an indefinite basis demands vast financial resources and the opportunity cost is likely to be politically indefensible .

Organisations therefore need to ensure adequate procedures are in place to enable such maintenance , including the retention of such items as the computer programs , manuals and instructions in use when the record was originally stored .
organisations therefore need to ensure adequate procedures are in place to enable such [work] , including the retention of such items as the computer programs , manuals and instructions in use when the record was originally stored .

Yet another mass of documentation was generated for customers and maintenance personnel .
yet another mass of documentation was generated for customers and [work] personnel .

It is clear , therefore , that the archival preservation and maintenance of machine-readable files must take a high priority if the historian of the future is to be presented with the tools to do his job .
it is clear , therefore , that the archival preservation and [work] of machine-readable files must take a high priority if the historian of the future is to be presented with the tools to do his job .

Still , Thomas Brassey the railway entrepreneur , speaking with the voice of business common sense , observed of serfdom that the crop yield in servile Russia was half that in England and Saxony and less than in any other European country , and of slavery that it was ‘ obviously ’ less productive than free labour and more expensive than people thought , bearing in mind the cost of purchase or of rearing and maintenance .
still , thomas brassey the railway entrepreneur , speaking with the voice of business common sense , observed of serfdom that the crop yield in servile russia was half that in england and saxony and less than in any other european country , and of slavery that it was ‘ obviously ’ less productive than free labour and more expensive than people thought , bearing in mind the cost of purchase or of rearing and [work] .

Since the demand for labour is a decreasing function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .
since the demand for labour is a decreasing function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the [work] of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .

Since monetary and fiscal policies had been assigned the role of guaranteeing the maintenance of full employment , the traditional neoclassical preoccupation with efficiency in the face of scarcity could come back into its own .
since monetary and fiscal policies had been assigned the role of guaranteeing the [work] of full employment , the traditional neoclassical preoccupation with efficiency in the face of scarcity could come back into its own .

Such a claim is most likely to be instituted where the deceased son or daughter was unmarried and was contributing substantially to the maintenance of his or her parents .
such a claim is most likely to be instituted where the deceased son or daughter was unmarried and was contributing substantially to the [work] of his or her parents .

Where a defendant raises the defence of latent defect , and the defect alleged is one arising in the manufacture of the product , as opposed to a defect caused by lack of maintenance , the plaintiff now has another weapon in his armoury .
where a defendant raises the defence of latent defect , and the defect alleged is one arising in the manufacture of the product , as opposed to a defect caused by lack of [work] , the plaintiff now has another weapon in his armoury .

In certain running-down cases , however , a defendant should be asked to make discovery ( eg latent defect cases , where the plaintiff may want to see all his maintenance and servicing records ; accidents alleged to have been caused by sudden and unexpected illness or death , where the plaintiff wants to see the medical records ; and of course claims in nuisance against highway authorities and their contractors , where discovery can often reveal breaches of prescribed safety codes and bad accident records ) .
in certain running-down cases , however , a defendant should be asked to make discovery ( eg latent defect cases , where the plaintiff may want to see all his [work] and servicing records ; accidents alleged to have been caused by sudden and unexpected illness or death , where the plaintiff wants to see the medical records ; and of course claims in nuisance against highway authorities and their contractors , where discovery can often reveal breaches of prescribed safety codes and bad accident records ) .

This period is thus , in effect , the lifetime of the product , during which it can be expected to function normally without the need for repair ( other than , of course , in appropriate cases , replacement of consumables — such as ribbons on a printer , and routine or preventive maintenance — such as the need to service a car in accordance with the maker 's guidelines ) .
this period is thus , in effect , the lifetime of the product , during which it can be expected to function normally without the need for repair ( other than , of course , in appropriate cases , replacement of consumables — such as ribbons on a printer , and routine or preventive [work] — such as the need to service a car in accordance with the maker 's guidelines ) .

Thus there are recognised as general principles : the independence of the legal profession , the traditional virtues of trust and personal integrity , the need for confidentiality , the maintenance of respect for individual bars and law societies , the desirability of prohibiting the involvement of lawyers in incompatible occupations and of regulating personal publicity , and the recognition that the interests of the client must come before those of the lawyer .
thus there are recognised as general principles : the independence of the legal profession , the traditional virtues of trust and personal integrity , the need for confidentiality , the [work] of respect for individual bars and law societies , the desirability of prohibiting the involvement of lawyers in incompatible occupations and of regulating personal publicity , and the recognition that the interests of the client must come before those of the lawyer .

Matters such as the hiring and firing of staff , the selection of office equipment , filing and costing systems , office layout and design and the formation and maintenance of a good working library are beyond the scope of this book .
matters such as the hiring and firing of staff , the selection of office equipment , filing and costing systems , office layout and design and the formation and [work] of a good working library are beyond the scope of this book .

Thus separate administrative departments might be established to deal with such matters as : ( 1 ) personnel ; ( 2 ) accountancy and finance ; ( 3 ) communications ; ( 4 ) property and maintenance ; ( 5 ) library ; ( 6 ) costs ( ie fee collection ) ; ( 7 ) administration ( office equipment , stationery supplies etc ) ; ( 8 ) public relations ( advertising , client care etc ) ; ( 9 ) professional standards ( and compliance generally , unless the volume of corporate and financial services work justifies a separate department for this ) ; ( 10 ) complaints .
thus separate administrative departments might be established to deal with such matters as : ( 1 ) personnel ; ( 2 ) accountancy and finance ; ( 3 ) communications ; ( 4 ) property and [work] ; ( 5 ) library ; ( 6 ) costs ( ie fee collection ) ; ( 7 ) administration ( office equipment , stationery supplies etc ) ; ( 8 ) public relations ( advertising , client care etc ) ; ( 9 ) professional standards ( and compliance generally , unless the volume of corporate and financial services work justifies a separate department for this ) ; ( 10 ) complaints .

The principal object of the formation of a service company will be to carry out administrative functions concerned with the running of the practice — eg the employment of staff , hiring premises , furniture and equipment and general maintenance .
the principal object of the formation of a service company will be to carry out administrative functions concerned with the running of the practice — eg the employment of staff , hiring premises , furniture and equipment and general [work] .

Although no tenant will be directly responsible for the repair and maintenance of the road the landlord may recover his outlay by way of a suitably drawn service charge .
although no tenant will be directly responsible for the repair and [work] of the road the landlord may recover his outlay by way of a suitably drawn service charge .

The tenant 's adviser should ensure that the landlord undertakes responsibility for the repair , maintenance and cleaning of the common parts .
the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the landlord undertakes responsibility for the repair , [work] and cleaning of the common parts .

In an action under the law of England and Wales or the law of Northern Ireland for damages for personal injuries ( including any such action arising out of a contract ) any saving to the injured person which is attributable to his maintenance wholly or partly at public expense in a hospital , nursing home or other institution shall be set off against any income lost by him as a result of his injuries .
in an action under the law of england and wales or the law of northern ireland for damages for personal injuries ( including any such action arising out of a contract ) any saving to the injured person which is attributable to his [work] wholly or partly at public expense in a hospital , nursing home or other institution shall be set off against any income lost by him as a result of his injuries .

Meeting in the wake of the Braer and Aegean Sea disasters , European Community transport and environment ministers agreed in principle on a range of measures , including : ( i ) establishing exclusion zones for tankers and ships carrying hazardous cargoes ; ( ii ) strengthening port controls and surveillance of shipping lanes ; ( iii ) introducing liability rules on tanker owners and charterers ; and ( iv ) tightening standards on the construction and maintenance of ships .
meeting in the wake of the braer and aegean sea disasters , european community transport and environment ministers agreed in principle on a range of measures , including : ( i ) establishing exclusion zones for tankers and ships carrying hazardous cargoes ; ( ii ) strengthening port controls and surveillance of shipping lanes ; ( iii ) introducing liability rules on tanker owners and charterers ; and ( iv ) tightening standards on the construction and [work] of ships .

Pollution resulting from the growing number of cars will be partly offset by the replacement of highly polluting leaded petrol and two-stroke engines and improvements in engine maintenance .
pollution resulting from the growing number of cars will be partly offset by the replacement of highly polluting leaded petrol and two-stroke engines and improvements in engine [work] .

Commission chairman Ulf Bjallas said the government could not fulfil its pledge to reduce carbon dioxide emissions if the bridge went ahead , adding that the six-year construction period would disrupt the flow of water from the North Sea , vital to the maintenance of marine life in the Baltic .
commission chairman ulf bjallas said the government could not fulfil its pledge to reduce carbon dioxide emissions if the bridge went ahead , adding that the six-year construction period would disrupt the flow of water from the north sea , vital to the [work] of marine life in the baltic .

They were noticed during routine maintenance checks .
they were noticed during routine [work] checks .

The German Transport Ministry has announced that it is planning to introduce road pricing in order to help meet the costs of vehicle pollution and highway maintenance .
the german transport ministry has announced that it is planning to introduce road pricing in order to help meet the costs of vehicle pollution and highway [work] .

France and Italy have been cited as examples of countries in which the maintenance of group and individual integrity is stressed in both the general culture and in political life .
france and italy have been cited as examples of countries in which the [work] of group and individual integrity is stressed in both the general culture and in political life .

The latter was significant because of its opening pledge : `` The Government accepts as one of their primary aims and responsibilities the maintenance of a high and stable level of employment after the war . ``
the latter was significant because of its opening pledge : `` the government accepts as one of their primary aims and responsibilities the [work] of a high and stable level of employment after the war . ``

They have suggested that the powerpack would be so designed that it could readily be repaired and with suitable maintenance would be capable of running for some 20 years .
they have suggested that the powerpack would be so designed that it could readily be repaired and with suitable [work] would be capable of running for some 20 years .

6 The quality of design , production and maintenance work depends critically on a number of factors which are under direct control of project managers .
6 the quality of design , production and [work] work depends critically on a number of factors which are under direct control of project managers .

This study was carried out in a range of locations and tenures , and tested people 's awareness of energy saving products , conservation measures , and novel types of energy technology using ambient energy ( eg solar collectors ) , all rated against their costs of installation , running and maintenance .
this study was carried out in a range of locations and tenures , and tested people 's awareness of energy saving products , conservation measures , and novel types of energy technology using ambient energy ( eg solar collectors ) , all rated against their costs of installation , running and [work] .

Other information provided on the provision and maintenance of travellers ' sites also proved to be a damning indictment of official neglect and racism .
other information provided on the provision and [work] of travellers ' sites also proved to be a damning indictment of official neglect and racism .

to accept as one of their primary aims and responsibilities the achievement and maintenance of as high and stable a level of employment as possible , with a view to the attainment of full employment .
to accept as one of their primary aims and responsibilities the achievement and [work] of as high and stable a level of employment as possible , with a view to the attainment of full employment .

The first principle , Conventionality , is concerned with the maintenance of conventions about how expressions are used within a specific speech community .
the first principle , conventionality , is concerned with the [work] of conventions about how expressions are used within a specific speech community .

This principle is concerned with the maintenance of distinctions between linguistic expressions .
this principle is concerned with the [work] of distinctions between linguistic expressions .

In contrast , sociolinguistic research has sampled natural settings , usually chosen and organized by the children themselves , and has stressed the maintenance of verbal exchanges and the role of social intent .
in contrast , sociolinguistic research has sampled natural settings , usually chosen and organized by the children themselves , and has stressed the [work] of verbal exchanges and the role of social intent .

In a broader context , it can , as ideological preference may urge , be regarded either as part of the exercise in the 1860s of that liberal political wisdom which freely conceded timely advances to the advocates of change and so harnessed their energies and aspirations to the support of the general interest in the maintenance of stability and the creation of wealth in a prospering nation ; or as part of the calculated manipulation of events so as to ensure the preservation of the existing social structure against fundamental changes such as the institution of a juster order would require .
in a broader context , it can , as ideological preference may urge , be regarded either as part of the exercise in the 1860s of that liberal political wisdom which freely conceded timely advances to the advocates of change and so harnessed their energies and aspirations to the support of the general interest in the [work] of stability and the creation of wealth in a prospering nation ; or as part of the calculated manipulation of events so as to ensure the preservation of the existing social structure against fundamental changes such as the institution of a juster order would require .

El Salvador , Honduras and Costa Rica were ‘ hard-core ’ third parties to the proceedings before the Court between Nicaragua and the United States ; other regional States were third parties with direct interests in the efforts to bring peace to Central America ; outside the region , States had an interest in the fortunes of the Sandinista government ; States whose shipping used Nicaragua 's ports had an interest in its safety ; and all States shared a community interest in the maintenance of international peace and security .
el salvador , honduras and costa rica were ‘ hard-core ’ third parties to the proceedings before the court between nicaragua and the united states ; other regional states were third parties with direct interests in the efforts to bring peace to central america ; outside the region , states had an interest in the fortunes of the sandinista government ; states whose shipping used nicaragua 's ports had an interest in its safety ; and all states shared a community interest in the [work] of international peace and security .

In the Suez dispute , the issue between Israel and Egypt was part of the serial conflict between the Arab States and Israel ; States parties to the Armistice Treaty and the Suez Canal Convention shared an interest in their observance ; and still wider , all States share a common interest in freedom of navigation through international waterways , the possible creation of an objective regime , and in the maintenance of international peace and security .
in the suez dispute , the issue between israel and egypt was part of the serial conflict between the arab states and israel ; states parties to the armistice treaty and the suez canal convention shared an interest in their observance ; and still wider , all states share a common interest in freedom of navigation through international waterways , the possible creation of an objective regime , and in the [work] of international peace and security .

In the interests of the maintenance of international peace and security , Article 35 ( 2 ) of the United Nations Charter allows a non-member to bring a dispute to which it is a party to the attention of either organ of the Organisation , provided it accepts in advance the obligations of the pacific settlement of disputes for the purposes of the dispute .
in the interests of the [work] of international peace and security , article 35 ( 2 ) of the united nations charter allows a non-member to bring a dispute to which it is a party to the attention of either organ of the organisation , provided it accepts in advance the obligations of the pacific settlement of disputes for the purposes of the dispute .

This can be illustrated by the early examples of protection for individuals in the special treaty provisions for minorities ; the inclusion of human rights in Article 1 of the United Nations Charter in the context of the maintenance of international peace and security ; and by the paucity of international mechanisms for the enforcement of those rights and freedoms .
this can be illustrated by the early examples of protection for individuals in the special treaty provisions for minorities ; the inclusion of human rights in article 1 of the united nations charter in the context of the [work] of international peace and security ; and by the paucity of international mechanisms for the enforcement of those rights and freedoms .

should be installed to reduce noise and heat loss , and for easier maintenance and greater security .
should be installed to reduce noise and heat loss , and for easier [work] and greater security .

Any wood block floor will eventually need some maintenance by being sanded down and resealed .
any wood block floor will eventually need some [work] by being sanded down and resealed .

Even longer-serving was Mr. Edwin Bromley , who had arrived in 1934 as a member of both the teaching staff and the maintenance department .
even longer-serving was mr. edwin bromley , who had arrived in 1934 as a member of both the teaching staff and the [work] department .

Better products , better prices , better quality , better delivery schedules , better maintenance standards , better customer relations and better service all round contribute to profitability . ``
better products , better prices , better quality , better delivery schedules , better [work] standards , better customer relations and better service all round contribute to profitability . ``

Diplomacy is a delicate balance of integrity , honest communication and maintenance of face .
diplomacy is a delicate balance of integrity , honest communication and [work] of face .

Whether he runs the vehicle maintenance unit or is responsible for product planning he will have an impact on how the company 's products and services are perceived by the customer .
whether he runs the vehicle [work] unit or is responsible for product planning he will have an impact on how the company 's products and services are perceived by the customer .

It is the maintenance of that reputation that provides a key motivational force .
it is the [work] of that reputation that provides a key motivational force .

The English Association was set up to promote the maintenance of `` correct use of English , spoken and written `` , the recognition of English as `` an essential element in the national education `` , and the discussion of teaching methods and advanced study as well as the correlation of school with university work.48 From the beginning , personnel attached to the new Board of Education seem to have been sympathetic to the view of English as the most natural candidate to lead a mission of cultural renewal : at any rate , from its inception the English Association set out to ensure that such was the case .
the english association was set up to promote the [work] of `` correct use of english , spoken and written `` , the recognition of english as `` an essential element in the national education `` , and the discussion of teaching methods and advanced study as well as the correlation of school with university work.48 from the beginning , personnel attached to the new board of education seem to have been sympathetic to the view of english as the most natural candidate to lead a mission of cultural renewal : at any rate , from its inception the english association set out to ensure that such was the case .

During the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , the humanist `` revolution `` in educational ideas led to a privileging of classical literature as the means of providing a liberal education , although this was later considerably transformed into a narrow disciplinary process tied to the maintenance of social distinctions .
during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , the humanist `` revolution `` in educational ideas led to a privileging of classical literature as the means of providing a liberal education , although this was later considerably transformed into a narrow disciplinary process tied to the [work] of social distinctions .

Francis Mulhern has argued that Scrutiny developed and propagated for the profession of English studies an ideological framework suited to the maintenance of a talent-governed career structure which eventually came to dominate the profession as a whole .
francis mulhern has argued that scrutiny developed and propagated for the profession of english studies an ideological framework suited to the [work] of a talent-governed career structure which eventually came to dominate the profession as a whole .

However , within the university sector itself , the Robbins objective of assisting the maintenance of the country 's `` standing `` transmitting `` a common culture and common citizenship `` was seen as problematic given the extent of the expansion taking place in the 1960s .
however , within the university sector itself , the robbins objective of assisting the [work] of the country 's `` standing `` transmitting `` a common culture and common citizenship `` was seen as problematic given the extent of the expansion taking place in the 1960s .

Restorations should not be undertaken for aesthetic reasons alone , but only for carefully controlled maintenance , because of the inherent possibilities of damage in any restoration .
restorations should not be undertaken for aesthetic reasons alone , but only for carefully controlled [work] , because of the inherent possibilities of damage in any restoration .

This arises from the conferral on the judiciary , and on administrators , by Parliament of discretion in deciding matters of custody , childcare , divorce , maintenance , matrimonial property and inheritance .
this arises from the conferral on the judiciary , and on administrators , by parliament of discretion in deciding matters of custody , childcare , divorce , [work] , matrimonial property and inheritance .

The Committee 's interests are broad , ranging from the laws affecting works of art , religious objects and archaeological finds to those affecting the preservation of architecture , the legal problems of museums and the maintenance of freedom of speech .
the committee 's interests are broad , ranging from the laws affecting works of art , religious objects and archaeological finds to those affecting the preservation of architecture , the legal problems of museums and the [work] of freedom of speech .

The object of the Foundation will be the exhibition and maintenance of the paintings loaned in accordance with the provisions of Clause Three below .
the object of the foundation will be the exhibition and [work] of the paintings loaned in accordance with the provisions of clause three below .

In addition , there is the cost of accidents and fires resulting from smoking as well as cleaning and maintenance costs .
in addition , there is the cost of accidents and fires resulting from smoking as well as cleaning and [work] costs .

The Declaration outlines proposals for the lifting of censorship , the maintenance of press freedom , and for the funding and support of non-governmental publications .
the declaration outlines proposals for the lifting of censorship , the [work] of press freedom , and for the funding and support of non-governmental publications .

In a papal register of 1322–3 an Avignonese clerk noted that there were two reasons for the disturbed state of Aquitaine at that time : the existence of laws and customs which were neither written down nor consistent with justice or reason ; and the maintenance of excessively large households and retinues by the nobility .
in a papal register of 1322–3 an avignonese clerk noted that there were two reasons for the disturbed state of aquitaine at that time : the existence of laws and customs which were neither written down nor consistent with justice or reason ; and the [work] of excessively large households and retinues by the nobility .

The maintenance of friendships and relationships requires a certain amount of deliberate effort and hard work : they have to be developed and cultivated .
the [work] of friendships and relationships requires a certain amount of deliberate effort and hard work : they have to be developed and cultivated .

This helps clients learn to understand more about the processes involved in , for example , stress , or having a panic attack , or the development and maintenance of phobic anxiety , or the uses and abuses of tranquillizers .
this helps clients learn to understand more about the processes involved in , for example , stress , or having a panic attack , or the development and [work] of phobic anxiety , or the uses and abuses of tranquillizers .

The Fundació 's maintenance costs eat up the lion 's share of government subsidy , and as the programme is expanded the directors hope to cultivate funds for the exhibition and education programmes from sponsorship and patronage .
the fundació 's [work] costs eat up the lion 's share of government subsidy , and as the programme is expanded the directors hope to cultivate funds for the exhibition and education programmes from sponsorship and patronage .

However brilliant our modern technology may seem , the best way to care for the Taj is to monitor its behaviour , try to reduce pollution and develop a team of conservators and craftsmen who can care for the building , carrying out maintenance and repair where necessary but not to do anything that pretends to be final .
however brilliant our modern technology may seem , the best way to care for the taj is to monitor its behaviour , try to reduce pollution and develop a team of conservators and craftsmen who can care for the building , carrying out [work] and repair where necessary but not to do anything that pretends to be final .

Although Gluckman does not consider the variable of gender , he describes some of the functions of gossip : the unification and affirmation of community values , the control of aspiring individuals and cliques within society , the selection of leaders , the maintenance of group exclusiveness .
although gluckman does not consider the variable of gender , he describes some of the functions of gossip : the unification and affirmation of community values , the control of aspiring individuals and cliques within society , the selection of leaders , the [work] of group exclusiveness .

Cleaning and maintenance press .
cleaning and [work] press .

This makes difficult the maintenance of a uniform high quality within the textile works and may necessitate careful watch on the raw water to anticipate the effect of changes in composition .
this makes difficult the [work] of a uniform high quality within the textile works and may necessitate careful watch on the raw water to anticipate the effect of changes in composition .

Most firms regarded the cost as low and confined mainly to power used for pumping and to maintenance .
most firms regarded the cost as low and confined mainly to power used for pumping and to [work] .

Oriental rugs have a justifiable reputation for being extremely durable , but they are not indestructible , and proper care and maintenance will greatly enhance both the beauty and life of your rug .
oriental rugs have a justifiable reputation for being extremely durable , but they are not indestructible , and proper care and [work] will greatly enhance both the beauty and life of your rug .

Additional maintenance measures
additional [work] measures

What really lay behind the council 's complaint was Gloucester 's willingness to put the maintenance of an affinity before financial considerations .
what really lay behind the council 's complaint was gloucester 's willingness to put the [work] of an affinity before financial considerations .

Given the value attached to a lord 's maintenance of his servants ' local interests , national eminence could not , in itself , create a significant connection in areas where the lord had no other influence .
given the value attached to a lord 's [work] of his servants ' local interests , national eminence could not , in itself , create a significant connection in areas where the lord had no other influence .

It is , indeed , doubtful how much help Gloucester could have commanded explicitly in order to take the throne : some , almost certainly , but much ( if not most ) of the backing he enjoyed was given to the protector for the maintenance of stability — a distinction of which Gloucester himself seems not to have been fully conscious .
it is , indeed , doubtful how much help gloucester could have commanded explicitly in order to take the throne : some , almost certainly , but much ( if not most ) of the backing he enjoyed was given to the protector for the [work] of stability — a distinction of which gloucester himself seems not to have been fully conscious .

In both the Parsonian model and in the orthodox Marxist version , the function of the family is to secure the maintenance of the existing social order economically , ideologically and sexually .
in both the parsonian model and in the orthodox marxist version , the function of the family is to secure the [work] of the existing social order economically , ideologically and sexually .

Accompanying the maintenance of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .
accompanying the [work] of old standards , even though social conditions were changing , often dramatically , was the survival amongst many sections of the working class ( especially the rural ) of the tradition that sexual relationships could begin at betrothal to a steady boyfriend and the corollary was that a pregnant woman would be married by the father , though as we shall see , social transformations were to weaken this .

It also made it more difficult to obtain maintenance — and this emphasised the stigma of bastardy .
it also made it more difficult to obtain [work] — and this emphasised the stigma of bastardy .

Francis Power Cobbe 's pamphlet of 1878 , Wife Torture , which was basically concerned with crimes of violence in working-class districts , especially in cases of men against their wives , was a major influence leading to the drafting of the Matrimonial Causes Act of 1878 , which gave magistrates powers to grant separation orders and maintenance to a wife whose husband was convicted of aggravated assault , plus custody of children under ten .
francis power cobbe 's pamphlet of 1878 , wife torture , which was basically concerned with crimes of violence in working-class districts , especially in cases of men against their wives , was a major influence leading to the drafting of the matrimonial causes act of 1878 , which gave magistrates powers to grant separation orders and [work] to a wife whose husband was convicted of aggravated assault , plus custody of children under ten .

Protocol was strict in a less democratic age ; members of the Engineer 's staff were not permitted to speak to students unless spoken to , and all maintenance staff were issued with two sets of overalls and instructed to keep one set spotlessly clean .
protocol was strict in a less democratic age ; members of the engineer 's staff were not permitted to speak to students unless spoken to , and all [work] staff were issued with two sets of overalls and instructed to keep one set spotlessly clean .

Maintenance work is continually taking place to improve services .
[work] work is continually taking place to improve services .

‘ No expenditure of any kind is allowed for beyond that which is absolutely necessary for the maintenance of merely physical efficiency ’ .
‘ no expenditure of any kind is allowed for beyond that which is absolutely necessary for the [work] of merely physical efficiency ’ .

For London alone from 1867 a Metropolitan Common Poor fund was established , to which all London Unions contributed for the building and maintenance of workhouses throughout London .
for london alone from 1867 a metropolitan common poor fund was established , to which all london unions contributed for the building and [work] of workhouses throughout london .

This consolidated previous legislation concerning maintenance payments to divorced and separated women but did not resolve their long-standing difficulties in obtaining these payments from recalcitrant or poor husbands .
this consolidated previous legislation concerning [work] payments to divorced and separated women but did not resolve their long-standing difficulties in obtaining these payments from recalcitrant or poor husbands .

, provided that they had not been imprisoned for any offence , including drunkenness , during the ten years preceding their claim , were not aliens or wives of aliens , and could satisfy the pension authority that they had not been guilty of ‘ habitual failure to work according to his ability , opportunity or need , for his own maintenance and that of his legal relatives ’ .
, provided that they had not been imprisoned for any offence , including drunkenness , during the ten years preceding their claim , were not aliens or wives of aliens , and could satisfy the pension authority that they had not been guilty of ‘ habitual failure to work according to his ability , opportunity or need , for his own [work] and that of his legal relatives ’ .

The steward of a lordship or the master of the royal game might guard the Crown 's interests as a landlord — or put in a deputy to do so but he was not concerned with the collection of taxes , the maintenance of order , and the execution of justice .
the steward of a lordship or the master of the royal game might guard the crown 's interests as a landlord — or put in a deputy to do so but he was not concerned with the collection of taxes , the [work] of order , and the execution of justice .

‘ the provision and maintenance of plant and systems of work that are , so far as is reasonably practicable , safe and without risks to health . ’
‘ the provision and [work] of plant and systems of work that are , so far as is reasonably practicable , safe and without risks to health . ’

‘ so far as is reasonably practicable as regards any place of work under the employer 's control , the maintenance of it in a condition that is safe and without risks to health and the provision and maintenance of means of access to and egress from it that are safe and without such risks . ’
‘ so far as is reasonably practicable as regards any place of work under the employer 's control , the [work] of it in a condition that is safe and without risks to health and the provision and [work] of means of access to and egress from it that are safe and without such risks . ’

Maintenance regime — 0.5mg/kg diluted to 50m1 with 5 % or 10 % dextrose according to the baby 's blood glucose levels .
[work] regime — 0.5mg/kg diluted to 50m1 with 5 % or 10 % dextrose according to the baby 's blood glucose levels .

Maintenance regime — use 100mcg/kg of fentanyl diluted to 50ml with 5% or 10% dextrose. 1 ml/hour gives 2mcg/kg/hour , and is an acceptable starting dose but could be doubled if required .
[work] regime — use 100mcg/kg of fentanyl diluted to 50ml with 5% or 10% dextrose. 1 ml/hour gives 2mcg/kg/hour , and is an acceptable starting dose but could be doubled if required .

Writing in the American journal Holistic Nursing Practice , Elizabeth Forbes says that a three level approach can increase wellness in elderly people : wellness maintenance , wellness support care and wellness rehabilitation care .
writing in the american journal holistic nursing practice , elizabeth forbes says that a three level approach can increase wellness in elderly people : wellness [work] , wellness support care and wellness rehabilitation care .

Maintenance encourages individuals to keep as mentally and physically fit as possible , with the goal of enjoying life to the fullest possible degree ; nurses can have a significant effect on this through health education regarding nutrition , personal hygiene , exercise and safety .
[work] encourages individuals to keep as mentally and physically fit as possible , with the goal of enjoying life to the fullest possible degree ; nurses can have a significant effect on this through health education regarding nutrition , personal hygiene , exercise and safety .

The combination of vertical and group ties was such that individuals tended to be viewed by others not as individuals , but as group members , and a network of reciprocal obligations and feelings between group members was the key to the maintenance of social order .
the combination of vertical and group ties was such that individuals tended to be viewed by others not as individuals , but as group members , and a network of reciprocal obligations and feelings between group members was the key to the [work] of social order .

Notwithstanding the difficulties which many members of the agrarian community faced in the new Japan , the continuing economic significance of agriculture and the numerical importance of the rural population made the maintenance of this reputation easier .
notwithstanding the difficulties which many members of the agrarian community faced in the new japan , the continuing economic significance of agriculture and the numerical importance of the rural population made the [work] of this reputation easier .

The rapid rise in tenancy in the mid-Meiji period and its maintenance at a high level thereafter may not necessarily mean a wholesale polarization of rural wealth , but a keenness on the part of those who were able to work more land to rent extra plots to take advantage of improved market opportunities .
the rapid rise in tenancy in the mid-meiji period and its [work] at a high level thereafter may not necessarily mean a wholesale polarization of rural wealth , but a keenness on the part of those who were able to work more land to rent extra plots to take advantage of improved market opportunities .

The maintenance of rural support is crucial to the continuation of the Liberal Democratic Party in power .
the [work] of rural support is crucial to the continuation of the liberal democratic party in power .

Maintenance Report
[work] report

There is the proper maintenance of records and files .
there is the proper [work] of records and files .

The canteen , the personnel department , maintenance and central computing services usually fall into that category .
the canteen , the personnel department , [work] and central computing services usually fall into that category .

Maintenance or alimony .
[work] or alimony .

Your list will include mortgage or rent , rates , gas and electricity , insurance and maintenance for the house and car , clothing , school fees and telephone bills .
your list will include mortgage or rent , rates , gas and electricity , insurance and [work] for the house and car , clothing , school fees and telephone bills .

• AutoBanking withdrawals and Direct Debits 27p each • Cheques and Standing Orders 30p each • Maintenance Charge £3 per quarter ( issuing of cheque books , AutoBank/AutoCheque Cards , and quarterly statements etc . )
• autobanking withdrawals and direct debits 27p each • cheques and standing orders 30p each • [work] charge £3 per quarter ( issuing of cheque books , autobank/autocheque cards , and quarterly statements etc . )

The main argument for a separate Ministry , more extensive in range than a Department of Legal Administration , is that the regulatory functions of the Home Office : the maintenance of public order , the strength of the police , the operation of the prisons and the penal system , immigration control and extradition , create unavoidable conflicts with the promotion of justice .
the main argument for a separate ministry , more extensive in range than a department of legal administration , is that the regulatory functions of the home office : the [work] of public order , the strength of the police , the operation of the prisons and the penal system , immigration control and extradition , create unavoidable conflicts with the promotion of justice .

The paramountcy of the rule of law , the maintenance of public order , and the goal of an efficient and humane penal system , were not in question .
the paramountcy of the rule of law , the [work] of public order , and the goal of an efficient and humane penal system , were not in question .

Earlier the same year it had been preceded by a Criminal Law Act which brought to an end the time-honoured division of crimes into felonies and misdemeanours , as well as abolishing certain obsolete crimes and the torts of maintenance and champerty on the recommendation of the Law Commission .
earlier the same year it had been preceded by a criminal law act which brought to an end the time-honoured division of crimes into felonies and misdemeanours , as well as abolishing certain obsolete crimes and the torts of [work] and champerty on the recommendation of the law commission .

Paddock maintenance
paddock [work]

‘ Care and attention to ensure proper guarding , maintenance of guards and an understanding of machinery which is being used is vitally important .
‘ care and attention to ensure proper guarding , [work] of guards and an understanding of machinery which is being used is vitally important .

At the national level , the degree of security provided for firms and individuals usually derives from the government 's maintenance of law , order and increasingly regulatory behaviour .
at the national level , the degree of security provided for firms and individuals usually derives from the government 's [work] of law , order and increasingly regulatory behaviour .

Overlaid on local costs are substantial costs for the maintenance of technology .
overlaid on local costs are substantial costs for the [work] of technology .

Their philosophical idealism was at once a retreat from the material world of unruly mobs and declining privilege and a programme for maintaining their position while accommodating some change : ‘ Socratic political thought was an intellectually sophisticated and ingenious justification for counter-revolution in democracy and the maintenance of the status quo in oligarchy ’ ( ibid .
their philosophical idealism was at once a retreat from the material world of unruly mobs and declining privilege and a programme for maintaining their position while accommodating some change : ‘ socratic political thought was an intellectually sophisticated and ingenious justification for counter-revolution in democracy and the [work] of the status quo in oligarchy ’ ( ibid .

The question of married couples came up and one relative expressed shock that his elderly father was being chased for ‘ maintenance ’ — a financial contribution towards the costs six months after his spouse had been admitted to a nursing home .
the question of married couples came up and one relative expressed shock that his elderly father was being chased for ‘ [work] ’ — a financial contribution towards the costs six months after his spouse had been admitted to a nursing home .

Rights are therefore determined on a functional basis since there can be no liberty or property rights beyond those that contribute to maintenance of social solidarity .
rights are therefore determined on a functional basis since there can be no liberty or property rights beyond those that contribute to [work] of social solidarity .

He did not openly support the maintenance of the power of the House of Lords to veto legislation but he seemed to do so implicitly since he expressed concern that the authority of the Lords had been ‘ gravely diminished ’ He did , however , explicitly propose the introduction of proportional representation arguing that it ‘ may sometimes secure a hearing in the House of Commons for opinions which , though containing a good deal of truth , command little or comparatively little popularity ’ .
he did not openly support the [work] of the power of the house of lords to veto legislation but he seemed to do so implicitly since he expressed concern that the authority of the lords had been ‘ gravely diminished ’ he did , however , explicitly propose the introduction of proportional representation arguing that it ‘ may sometimes secure a hearing in the house of commons for opinions which , though containing a good deal of truth , command little or comparatively little popularity ’ .

Any repairs or replacements or renewals of furnishings are noted on the cards , and they are constantly referred to by the housekeeping and maintenance departments , whose responsibility it is to see that the room is maintained to the required standard .
any repairs or replacements or renewals of furnishings are noted on the cards , and they are constantly referred to by the housekeeping and [work] departments , whose responsibility it is to see that the room is maintained to the required standard .

Management can plan projects such as hotel maintenance and redecorating ; advertising campaigns can be directed so as to improve low occupancy percentages .
management can plan projects such as hotel [work] and redecorating ; advertising campaigns can be directed so as to improve low occupancy percentages .

Interestingly , hospital maintenance organisations in the United States and general practice fundholders in Britain have also developed counselling services despite apparent costs .
interestingly , hospital [work] organisations in the united states and general practice fundholders in britain have also developed counselling services despite apparent costs .

Thus we stated that the initial maintenance dose is ‘ usually … about 80 mg three times a day ’ ; this is so , and there is leeway for altering dosages in patients of low body weight .
thus we stated that the initial [work] dose is ‘ usually … about 80 mg three times a day ’ ; this is so , and there is leeway for altering dosages in patients of low body weight .

Where more than one organization is involved in the manufacture , supply , and maintenance of the equipment and software , care should be taken to make explicit the nature of the intended contractual relationship between each organization and Oxford University Press .
where more than one organization is involved in the manufacture , supply , and [work] of the equipment and software , care should be taken to make explicit the nature of the intended contractual relationship between each organization and oxford university press .

Leisure activities such as golf , sailing or bowls , or tasks centred on underutilized skills such as do-it-yourself home repairs , car maintenance or gardening , take up more energy than previously .
leisure activities such as golf , sailing or bowls , or tasks centred on underutilized skills such as do-it-yourself home repairs , car [work] or gardening , take up more energy than previously .

Socio-emotional or maintenance behaviour Task-centred behaviour is concentrated in the task-leader role .
socio-emotional or [work] behaviour task-centred behaviour is concentrated in the task-leader role .

The emergence of task-oriented behaviour in the group leads to a second pattern of behaviour — the socio-emotional or maintenance behaviour .
the emergence of task-oriented behaviour in the group leads to a second pattern of behaviour — the socio-emotional or [work] behaviour .

However , the degree to which the maintenance behaviour is absorbed by several people appears to depend on the strength of the task-oriented actor ( s ) ; that is , if the group is dominated by one person , then , to restore balance to the group , most other members , for reasons which are difficult to understand , may adopt a consensus-seeking , team-building posture .
however , the degree to which the [work] behaviour is absorbed by several people appears to depend on the strength of the task-oriented actor ( s ) ; that is , if the group is dominated by one person , then , to restore balance to the group , most other members , for reasons which are difficult to understand , may adopt a consensus-seeking , team-building posture .

The less dominant the task-centred actor ( s ) , the less widely spread , or even the less clear , the behaviour of the maintenance actor ( s ) .
the less dominant the task-centred actor ( s ) , the less widely spread , or even the less clear , the behaviour of the [work] actor ( s ) .

They may be played by two people , or by more than two people ; they may also be played by one person who performs both task and maintenance behaviours .
they may be played by two people , or by more than two people ; they may also be played by one person who performs both task and [work] behaviours .

Performers of the task and maintenance behaviours find a level of equilibrium , in which case the ‘ performing ’ stage of group evolution has been reached .
performers of the task and [work] behaviours find a level of equilibrium , in which case the ‘ performing ’ stage of group evolution has been reached .

In Far Eastern cultures there is an equal interest in the process — the role of the maintenance leaders .
in far eastern cultures there is an equal interest in the process — the role of the [work] leaders .

( There are only two clear maintenance or socio-emotional roles in this list : chairman/ coordinator and team worker ) .
( there are only two clear [work] or socio-emotional roles in this list : chairman/ coordinator and team worker ) .

Moreover , the balance between the task and maintenance behaviours is central to the output of the whole section .
moreover , the balance between the task and [work] behaviours is central to the output of the whole section .

This strategy assumes that a reciprocal rebalancing of power in the work ' group will occur through the emergence of maintenance behaviours ; in fact , a very different set of relationships may emerge , and not without some intra-group conflict .
this strategy assumes that a reciprocal rebalancing of power in the work ' group will occur through the emergence of [work] behaviours ; in fact , a very different set of relationships may emerge , and not without some intra-group conflict .

The more dominant the task leader the greater the number of actors who take up maintenance roles to produce social balance .
the more dominant the task leader the greater the number of actors who take up [work] roles to produce social balance .

Better decisions result when the task and maintenance leadership roles are filled in a way that leads to coordination , thus overcoming the slowness , tangential discussion , loss of focus and other inefficiencies of groups .
better decisions result when the task and [work] leadership roles are filled in a way that leads to coordination , thus overcoming the slowness , tangential discussion , loss of focus and other inefficiencies of groups .

Each group alters the leadership roles to strengthen the task-oriented role at the expense of the maintenance role .
each group alters the leadership roles to strengthen the task-oriented role at the expense of the [work] role .

There are even differences between cultures in the development of task and maintenance behaviours , even though the actual emergence of these roles does appear to be universal .
there are even differences between cultures in the development of task and [work] behaviours , even though the actual emergence of these roles does appear to be universal .

For example , in a study of female managers from different cultures , Japanese managers , displaying maintenance behaviours in groups , were more likely to teach new skills , to write personal notes to group members and to discuss people issues than would British managers .
for example , in a study of female managers from different cultures , japanese managers , displaying [work] behaviours in groups , were more likely to teach new skills , to write personal notes to group members and to discuss people issues than would british managers .

Subjects fasted from midnight and in the morning a primed continuous intravenous infusion of soluble insulin ( in a 4 % solution of the subject 's blood in 0.9 % saline ) was started , with a maintenance rate of 1.5 mU/kg/min .
subjects fasted from midnight and in the morning a primed continuous intravenous infusion of soluble insulin ( in a 4 % solution of the subject 's blood in 0.9 % saline ) was started , with a [work] rate of 1.5 mu/kg/min .

It had long been argued that the maintenance of a low level of unemployment should be the guiding principle of a government 's economic policy .
it had long been argued that the [work] of a low level of unemployment should be the guiding principle of a government 's economic policy .

But the fact that they did not impose formal constraints upon royal power reflected above all their overriding interest in the maintenance of a strong central state capable of holding the peasants in check .
but the fact that they did not impose formal constraints upon royal power reflected above all their overriding interest in the [work] of a strong central state capable of holding the peasants in check .

Thus it includes provisions for allowing the emergence of new institutions , one of which is the new open university aimed at providing extramural education for particular groups in Greek society and the foundation of a centre for the Greek language to coordinate the maintenance and dissemination of Greek in the European environment .
thus it includes provisions for allowing the emergence of new institutions , one of which is the new open university aimed at providing extramural education for particular groups in greek society and the foundation of a centre for the greek language to coordinate the [work] and dissemination of greek in the european environment .

The three endothelins are highly active peptides — they are the most potent in constructing blood vessels and raising blood pressure , but may also influence such activities a neurotransmitter release , maintenance of electrolyte balance , cell proliferation and hormone production .
the three endothelins are highly active peptides — they are the most potent in constructing blood vessels and raising blood pressure , but may also influence such activities a neurotransmitter release , [work] of electrolyte balance , cell proliferation and hormone production .

The great joint expeditions , the combined leaderships , although not without friction , had been justified by their outstanding achievement , the conquest and maintenance of Jerusalem .
the great joint expeditions , the combined leaderships , although not without friction , had been justified by their outstanding achievement , the conquest and [work] of jerusalem .

In fact it needs virtually no maintenance at all unless roughly treated , whereas the mirrors of a reflector have to be periodically re-coated with a thin layer of silver or aluminium .
in fact it needs virtually no [work] at all unless roughly treated , whereas the mirrors of a reflector have to be periodically re-coated with a thin layer of silver or aluminium .

Analysis of the maintenance and reproduction of collectivism is divided over whether the tradition of collectivism encourages the voluntary conformity of individuals , or whether the sanctions on non-conformity are so great that individuals have no alternative .
analysis of the [work] and reproduction of collectivism is divided over whether the tradition of collectivism encourages the voluntary conformity of individuals , or whether the sanctions on non-conformity are so great that individuals have no alternative .

Partly this reflects the lack of enthusiasm among manufacturers toward any erosion of retail price maintenance .
partly this reflects the lack of enthusiasm among manufacturers toward any erosion of retail price [work] .

There is a development and maintenance requirement for a line printer capable of printing 132 characters per line .
there is a development and [work] requirement for a line printer capable of printing 132 characters per line .

As well as the advantages of uniformity ( which include ease of maintenance ) and cost , microprogramming offers greater flexibility than hardwired logic ; it is easier to alter a control store than to rewire a control unit .
as well as the advantages of uniformity ( which include ease of [work] ) and cost , microprogramming offers greater flexibility than hardwired logic ; it is easier to alter a control store than to rewire a control unit .

Conversation is by its nature collaborative , depending on the establishment and maintenance of inter-subjectivity .
conversation is by its nature collaborative , depending on the establishment and [work] of inter-subjectivity .

The market administration is responsible for the maintenance of the building or site , rubbish collection , security and rents .
the market administration is responsible for the [work] of the building or site , rubbish collection , security and rents .

Section 4 ( 1 ) of the Police Act 1964 states that it is the duty of every police authority to secure the maintenance of an adequate and efficient police force for the area and gives it certain responsibilities in relation to the establishment , buildings and equipment .
section 4 ( 1 ) of the police act 1964 states that it is the duty of every police authority to secure the [work] of an adequate and efficient police force for the area and gives it certain responsibilities in relation to the establishment , buildings and equipment .

This maintenance of the divine cults marked an important distinction between the official religion , which they represented , and the religious practices of the majority of Egyptians .
this [work] of the divine cults marked an important distinction between the official religion , which they represented , and the religious practices of the majority of egyptians .

Nutrition is a very important factor in the breeding and maintenance of mice in good health and fertility .
nutrition is a very important factor in the breeding and [work] of mice in good health and fertility .

Slides prepared with this method appear to be more reliable than those made using any previous method , including Tarkowski 's ( 30 ) , in respect of the spreading and maintenance of chromosomes ( 32 ) .
slides prepared with this method appear to be more reliable than those made using any previous method , including tarkowski 's ( 30 ) , in respect of the spreading and [work] of chromosomes ( 32 ) .

These include the pharmacy , laundry , stores and equipment , laboratories , portering , catering and maintenance .
these include the pharmacy , laundry , stores and equipment , laboratories , portering , catering and [work] .

care and maintenance of intravenous infusions
care and [work] of intravenous infusions

Maintenance of this essential process depends upon :
[work] of this essential process depends upon :

Post-operative maintenance of airway
post-operative [work] of airway

Maintenance of an adequate circulation to provide the means of transport for oxygen and carbon dioxide depends not only on the correct functioning of the heart and vessels but also on the presence of an adequate amount of fluid to circulate .
[work] of an adequate circulation to provide the means of transport for oxygen and carbon dioxide depends not only on the correct functioning of the heart and vessels but also on the presence of an adequate amount of fluid to circulate .

In addition special equipment may be required to assist in the maintenance of correct fluid balance , e.g .
in addition special equipment may be required to assist in the [work] of correct fluid balance , e.g .

Food is essential to human life because it supplies the energy required by living cells for maintenance , repair and activity .
food is essential to human life because it supplies the energy required by living cells for [work] , repair and activity .

The ability to alter body position is essential for the maintenance of normal body alignment .
the ability to alter body position is essential for the [work] of normal body alignment .

The exact function of sleep is unproven , but it is believed to be important in the maintenance of health and body repair .
the exact function of sleep is unproven , but it is believed to be important in the [work] of health and body repair .

By this we mean the maintenance of the status quo as a conscious policy based upon a set of values which are promoted by or embodied in the status quo .
by this we mean the [work] of the status quo as a conscious policy based upon a set of values which are promoted by or embodied in the status quo .

The maintenance of the status quo by default ; that is to say through apathy , impotence or ignorance .
the [work] of the status quo by default ; that is to say through apathy , impotence or ignorance .

Routine , or maintenance , decisions are often , for example , taken at unit level , where present manpower allocation to wards is based on tradition .
routine , or [work] , decisions are often , for example , taken at unit level , where present manpower allocation to wards is based on tradition .

The manager should discuss the proposals for the coming year 's maintenance programme before the allocation of annual leave to nurses .
the manager should discuss the proposals for the coming year 's [work] programme before the allocation of annual leave to nurses .

Buy a car maintenance manual and teach yourself to install a catalytic converter .
buy a car [work] manual and teach yourself to install a catalytic converter .

The combination of his alternately taut and flexible maintenance of phrase and line with his tireless illumination of detail ( of above all , passing rhythmic and harmonic piquancy ) was one of Cortot 's most priceless gifts and in No .
the combination of his alternately taut and flexible [work] of phrase and line with his tireless illumination of detail ( of above all , passing rhythmic and harmonic piquancy ) was one of cortot 's most priceless gifts and in no .

These include the collection of refuse , the cleaning of buildings and other cleansing work , catering , the maintenance of ground , and the repair and maintenance of vehicles .
these include the collection of refuse , the cleaning of buildings and other cleansing work , catering , the [work] of ground , and the repair and [work] of vehicles .

The grants include scholarships and maintenance awards for students is well as rent rebates and allowances .
the grants include scholarships and [work] awards for students is well as rent rebates and allowances .

Although hire of the film or video is free the Institution has to meet Viscom 's fee for carriage , handling and maintenance .
although hire of the film or video is free the institution has to meet viscom 's fee for carriage , handling and [work] .

These include gas , electricity , plus wear and tear on furniture , repairs and maintenance bills , and insurance premiums on both property and contents .
these include gas , electricity , plus wear and tear on furniture , repairs and [work] bills , and insurance premiums on both property and contents .

Once established , a pool needs very little maintenance compared with the many delights it offers .
once established , a pool needs very little [work] compared with the many delights it offers .

‘ We all think maintenance is as important as landscaping , and enjoy looking after the gardens we have made , ’ she adds .
‘ we all think [work] is as important as landscaping , and enjoy looking after the gardens we have made , ’ she adds .

There 's also a maintenance service available .
there 's also a [work] service available .

Qualified designers provide a planning service , and there 's a full installation and maintenance team .
qualified designers provide a planning service , and there 's a full installation and [work] team .

All of these have obvious relevance to the running of Expo , but not a great deal to the maintenance of a high tech culture .
all of these have obvious relevance to the running of expo , but not a great deal to the [work] of a high tech culture .

Responsibility for the maintenance of parish property , such as church halls and curates ' homes , lies with the most local level of all , the Parish Church Council .
responsibility for the [work] of parish property , such as church halls and curates ' homes , lies with the most local level of all , the parish church council .

After five years , and aged about 30 , he was appointed programme manager for all foreign engine maintenance contracts .
after five years , and aged about 30 , he was appointed programme manager for all foreign engine [work] contracts .

Bendinat Estate Management has shown considerable business acumen by offering a range of optional management services to owners , including regular inspections of the property , accounts paid , routine maintenance , maid service , laundry and even secretarial facilities .
bendinat estate management has shown considerable business acumen by offering a range of optional management services to owners , including regular inspections of the property , accounts paid , routine [work] , maid service , laundry and even secretarial facilities .

Bad weather , essential maintenance or cleaning , lack of support or demand may all affect the actual availability of particular activities or facilities ; so , for instance , can such things as local licensing laws , religious or local holidays , or local authority or government restrictions .
bad weather , essential [work] or cleaning , lack of support or demand may all affect the actual availability of particular activities or facilities ; so , for instance , can such things as local licensing laws , religious or local holidays , or local authority or government restrictions .

Thus , Morgenthau 's use of the balance-of-power mechanism is related to the maintenance of the system ; and recent Structuralist theories contend that patterns of international interaction reflect the needs of capitalist exploitation .
thus , morgenthau 's use of the balance-of-power mechanism is related to the [work] of the system ; and recent structuralist theories contend that patterns of international interaction reflect the needs of capitalist exploitation .

Despite a world recession and a double-figure percentage decline in visitors to the American Disney parks , the company 's spending , maintenance of standards and rolling out of new projects that ‘ give folks good reasons to come back ’ , is prodigious .
despite a world recession and a double-figure percentage decline in visitors to the american disney parks , the company 's spending , [work] of standards and rolling out of new projects that ‘ give folks good reasons to come back ’ , is prodigious .

Finally , there were the three informants who had come to terms with their heroin use , wanted to stay on it , but were sick of the ‘ hassle ’ and lack of maintenance facilities .
finally , there were the three informants who had come to terms with their heroin use , wanted to stay on it , but were sick of the ‘ hassle ’ and lack of [work] facilities .

After several attempts at getting maintenance in Wirral , one user continued to obtain supplies of street heroin , financed by working and occasional dealing .
after several attempts at getting [work] in wirral , one user continued to obtain supplies of street heroin , financed by working and occasional dealing .

The second went to the Liverpool Drug Dependency Clinic which gives maintenance , but did not accept Wirral residents .
the second went to the liverpool drug dependency clinic which gives [work] , but did not accept wirral residents .

He lied about his address and so received methadone on a maintenance basis .
he lied about his address and so received methadone on a [work] basis .

The third moved further afield , along the coast to Southport where the Drug Dependency Clinic also prescribes methadone on a maintenance basis .
the third moved further afield , along the coast to southport where the drug dependency clinic also prescribes methadone on a [work] basis .

He has sought treatment on a number of occasions and has come to the conclusion that he can not break the habit and that what he needs and wants is a maintenance regime , preferably on heroin — something that the medical profession in Wirral does not want to give him .
he has sought treatment on a number of occasions and has come to the conclusion that he can not break the habit and that what he needs and wants is a [work] regime , preferably on heroin — something that the medical profession in wirral does not want to give him .

The maintenance of United States practice was regarded as crucial for , as the plaintiffs in Aérospatiale shrilly asserted ,
the [work] of united states practice was regarded as crucial for , as the plaintiffs in aérospatiale shrilly asserted ,

3.30pm Liz deals with phone calls from reps and sorts out any maintenance problems like the dishwasher over-soaping or replacing breakages .
3.30pm liz deals with phone calls from reps and sorts out any [work] problems like the dishwasher over-soaping or replacing breakages .

International comparative studies of the income levels of specific social groups such as the elderly remain rare because of the difficulties involved in making comparisons between societies with widely differing responses to the issue of income maintenance in later life .
international comparative studies of the income levels of specific social groups such as the elderly remain rare because of the difficulties involved in making comparisons between societies with widely differing responses to the issue of income [work] in later life .

Across the range of western industrial societies there is a trend towards decreased institutional provision and a greater emphasis upon the care and maintenance of older people in their own homes for as long as possible .
across the range of western industrial societies there is a trend towards decreased institutional provision and a greater emphasis upon the care and [work] of older people in their own homes for as long as possible .

For any single client a variety of these actors are likely to be involved in their care and maintenance in the community ; hence concerns among policy makers about coordination between agencies in the actual provision of care .
for any single client a variety of these actors are likely to be involved in their care and [work] in the community ; hence concerns among policy makers about coordination between agencies in the actual provision of care .

The official forms of order can seem anomic to those who are systematically treated as non-persons , since , as they pursue their lives , they have no stake in the society for whose maintenance that order exists .
the official forms of order can seem anomic to those who are systematically treated as non-persons , since , as they pursue their lives , they have no stake in the society for whose [work] that order exists .

Speech is involved both in the genesis and maintenance of the social world in action-sequences and in the correction and interpretation of that world in accounts , the speech in which we discourse about the action .
speech is involved both in the genesis and [work] of the social world in action-sequences and in the correction and interpretation of that world in accounts , the speech in which we discourse about the action .

In Borstal the maintenance of the ‘ tough ’ style calls for a different presentational technique , a sustained , harsh , abrasive and unyielding confrontation .
in borstal the [work] of the ‘ tough ’ style calls for a different presentational technique , a sustained , harsh , abrasive and unyielding confrontation .

The maintenance of territorial integrity has become a joint enterprise .
the [work] of territorial integrity has become a joint enterprise .

Thus the opportunities for freedom and action — with respect to normatively discrepant behaviour and maintenance of specific identities — are intimately connected with the ability to attach boundaries to space and to command access to or exclusion from territories .
thus the opportunities for freedom and action — with respect to normatively discrepant behaviour and [work] of specific identities — are intimately connected with the ability to attach boundaries to space and to command access to or exclusion from territories .

It means commitment by practitioners to the maintenance of high standards as a matter of integrity and principle , not because they are imposed from outside .
it means commitment by practitioners to the [work] of high standards as a matter of integrity and principle , not because they are imposed from outside .

Build time is around 500 hours , Rotorway claim , and a flight training programme is going to be run by the company for constructors covering flight technique and maintenance .
build time is around 500 hours , rotorway claim , and a flight training programme is going to be run by the company for constructors covering flight technique and [work] .

The Tobago offers a combination of speed , style , some luxury , but still offers a basic simplicity with a fixed undercarriage , which should equate to modest maintenance costs .
the tobago offers a combination of speed , style , some luxury , but still offers a basic simplicity with a fixed undercarriage , which should equate to modest [work] costs .

Fuel burn at around 11 gallons per hour was what one might expect from the power plant , and the aircraft would undoubtedly benefit from turbo-charging although as always the trade-off in this is going to be increased maintenance costs .
fuel burn at around 11 gallons per hour was what one might expect from the power plant , and the aircraft would undoubtedly benefit from turbo-charging although as always the trade-off in this is going to be increased [work] costs .

For this reason groups are very popular since the cost of purchase and maintenance and overheads can be shared .
for this reason groups are very popular since the cost of purchase and [work] and overheads can be shared .

Here the company offering the contract agrees to offer a replacement car or plane for the period of time in which the vehicle is down for maintenance , repairs etc .
here the company offering the contract agrees to offer a replacement car or plane for the period of time in which the vehicle is down for [work] , repairs etc .

Fewer parts mean less maintenance than conventional rotor heads .
fewer parts mean less [work] than conventional rotor heads .

If in doubt about anything to do with maintenance , consult your local friendly engineer .
if in doubt about anything to do with [work] , consult your local friendly engineer .

Although it was developed as a waterproofer for floors and walls , Ruberoid Synthaprufe can also be used for damp-proofing , basement tanking , damp-protecting reinforced concrete beams , and roof maintenance .
although it was developed as a waterproofer for floors and walls , ruberoid synthaprufe can also be used for damp-proofing , basement tanking , damp-protecting reinforced concrete beams , and roof [work] .

As with all Junkers worktops , SylvaRed is supplied pre-oiled from the factory and is given finishing coats in situ , rendering it water-resistant , and requiring little maintenance .
as with all junkers worktops , sylvared is supplied pre-oiled from the factory and is given finishing coats in situ , rendering it water-resistant , and requiring little [work] .

By replacing wood cladding with cellular plastic , maintenance and painting become a thing of the past .
by replacing wood cladding with cellular plastic , [work] and painting become a thing of the past .

The only maintenance required is an occasional wipe over with a mild detergent .
the only [work] required is an occasional wipe over with a mild detergent .

Timber cladding needs regular maintenance and painting to prevent this kind of deterioration
timber cladding needs regular [work] and painting to prevent this kind of deterioration

You will also have to pay income tax on the rent , though you can deduct expenses such as management fees , insurance and maintenance .
you will also have to pay income tax on the rent , though you can deduct expenses such as management fees , insurance and [work] .

Problems with maintenance on timber cladding have been the main reason why upvc ( unplasticised polyvinyl chloride ) versions have been gaining popularity in recent years .
problems with [work] on timber cladding have been the main reason why upvc ( unplasticised polyvinyl chloride ) versions have been gaining popularity in recent years .

Sealant does just that — it seals the wood surface , allowing polish to be applied on top , but this also requires regular maintenance .
sealant does just that — it seals the wood surface , allowing polish to be applied on top , but this also requires regular [work] .

There was no question of the principle of a universal state benefit to supplement the incomes of families with children being abandoned ; what was at issue was consistency within the scheme , as opposed to the maintenance of mothers ' rights and minimal independence .
there was no question of the principle of a universal state benefit to supplement the incomes of families with children being abandoned ; what was at issue was consistency within the scheme , as opposed to the [work] of mothers ' rights and minimal independence .

The acceptance of such a scheme meant that the government had accepted , albeit for economic and demographic reasons , the principle that ‘ society should include in its economic structure some form of direct financial provision for the maintenance of children , instead of proceeding on the assumption that , save in cases of exceptional misfortune , this is a matter which concerns only individual parents and should be left to them because normally men 's wages or salaries are , or ought to be and can be made to be , sufficient for the support of their families ’ ( Rathbone , 1940 ) .
the acceptance of such a scheme meant that the government had accepted , albeit for economic and demographic reasons , the principle that ‘ society should include in its economic structure some form of direct financial provision for the [work] of children , instead of proceeding on the assumption that , save in cases of exceptional misfortune , this is a matter which concerns only individual parents and should be left to them because normally men 's wages or salaries are , or ought to be and can be made to be , sufficient for the support of their families ’ ( rathbone , 1940 ) .

The principle and practice of state maintenance of children 1900–20
the principle and practice of state [work] of children 1900–20

During the decade prior to the First World War there was some discussion of proposals for the state maintenance of children .
during the decade prior to the first world war there was some discussion of proposals for the state [work] of children .

While such concern gained support for the provision of rate-financed school meals , proposals for full state maintenance had far less backing .
while such concern gained support for the provision of rate-financed school meals , proposals for full state [work] had far less backing .

On 20 January 1905 , for example , the Trades Union Congress , the London Trades Council and the Social Democratic Federation ( a Marxist organisation ) arranged a conference on the state maintenance of children .
on 20 january 1905 , for example , the trades union congress , the london trades council and the social democratic federation ( a marxist organisation ) arranged a conference on the state [work] of children .

Unlike the discussions that had taken place twenty years earlier , the wide and vague principle of state maintenance of children was superseded by more precise details and exposition .
unlike the discussions that had taken place twenty years earlier , the wide and vague principle of state [work] of children was superseded by more precise details and exposition .

School meals and milk as well as education maintenance allowances increasingly came to be regarded as complements to a universal scheme of family allowances by its advocates rather than alternatives as had been argued , for example , at the Trades Union Congress in 1930 .
school meals and milk as well as education [work] allowances increasingly came to be regarded as complements to a universal scheme of family allowances by its advocates rather than alternatives as had been argued , for example , at the trades union congress in 1930 .

The fact was , the beleaguered prime minister explained to a restive House of Commons , that when it came to income maintenance , history had turned the welfare state on its head .
the fact was , the beleaguered prime minister explained to a restive house of commons , that when it came to income [work] , history had turned the welfare state on its head .

For Fairbairns this would be payment for hard work ; for Donnison this would be protection for both the woman carer and her dependants — in other words , maintenance of , and provision for , family relationships .
for fairbairns this would be payment for hard work ; for donnison this would be protection for both the woman carer and her dependants — in other words , [work] of , and provision for , family relationships .

On the practical level , changes in social policies which reduce women 's claims to maintenance on men but do not recognise that changes in the division of responsibilities for caring between men and women within the family and between the family and the wider community are also required , may in the end be counter-productive as far as women are concerned .
on the practical level , changes in social policies which reduce women 's claims to [work] on men but do not recognise that changes in the division of responsibilities for caring between men and women within the family and between the family and the wider community are also required , may in the end be counter-productive as far as women are concerned .

The history of the development of state systems of income maintenance for men is bound up with the development of wage-labour and the separation of men and women from direct and independent access to the means of subsistence .
the history of the development of state systems of income [work] for men is bound up with the development of wage-labour and the separation of men and women from direct and independent access to the means of subsistence .

Paradoxically , this provided for the possibility of voluntary unemployment , an anathema to the capitalist class , and so the conditions under which men 's claims to maintenance from the state were met were such as to weaken male work incentives as little as possible , and ideally to discourage men from making a claim at all , except in the direst circumstances .
paradoxically , this provided for the possibility of voluntary unemployment , an anathema to the capitalist class , and so the conditions under which men 's claims to [work] from the state were met were such as to weaken male work incentives as little as possible , and ideally to discourage men from making a claim at all , except in the direst circumstances .

The subsequent development of state contributory systems of income maintenance , although to some extent building on the systems of mutual support developed by some trade unions and friendly societies , which were informed by a collective ideology and em-bodied the concept of the right to support , has also been constrained by the desire to maintain male work incentives .
the subsequent development of state contributory systems of income [work] , although to some extent building on the systems of mutual support developed by some trade unions and friendly societies , which were informed by a collective ideology and em-bodied the concept of the right to support , has also been constrained by the desire to maintain male work incentives .

Women 's claims to maintenance from the state have been subject to different constraints .
women 's claims to [work] from the state have been subject to different constraints .

Women 's claims to maintenance , however , are still derived less from their labour-market activities or the state and more from the men to whom they are married ( or with whom they cohabit ) .
women 's claims to [work] , however , are still derived less from their labour-market activities or the state and more from the men to whom they are married ( or with whom they cohabit ) .

The conditions under which women , particularly married women , acquire maintenance from the state are determined not by a desire to maintain their incentives to take waged work , but by a concern that they will continue their unwaged work for caring for their families .
the conditions under which women , particularly married women , acquire [work] from the state are determined not by a desire to maintain their incentives to take waged work , but by a concern that they will continue their unwaged work for caring for their families .

Income maintenance
income [work]

The fact that the housing market is divided into different tenure categories which are governed by different laws and customs means that , when changes in the structure of the housing market occur , and particular tenure categories expand and contract , so the number of people affected by the rules and regulations governing access to and maintenance of rights in particular tenure categories will also expand and contract .
the fact that the housing market is divided into different tenure categories which are governed by different laws and customs means that , when changes in the structure of the housing market occur , and particular tenure categories expand and contract , so the number of people affected by the rules and regulations governing access to and [work] of rights in particular tenure categories will also expand and contract .

In practice this means that if an order is made transferring the home , the wife 's maintenance will be consequently reduced .
in practice this means that if an order is made transferring the home , the wife 's [work] will be consequently reduced .

There is also the problem of repairs and maintenance of the property , which a woman may well not be able to afford , or be able to do herself through lack of experience or time .
there is also the problem of repairs and [work] of the property , which a woman may well not be able to afford , or be able to do herself through lack of experience or time .

Everyone finds necessary household maintenance and repairs an unwelcome financial burden , but for the poorer such expenses may be quite nightmarish .
everyone finds necessary household [work] and repairs an unwelcome financial burden , but for the poorer such expenses may be quite nightmarish .

Indeed , here one can detect a good example of how rich one has to be to be poor : precisely because a poor family can not afford expensive but once-and-for-all repairs ( assuming such repairs to be feasible ) , household maintenance must either be neglected , or undertaken in a cheap but piecemeal fashion , where any improvement is partial and temporary in its effect .
indeed , here one can detect a good example of how rich one has to be to be poor : precisely because a poor family can not afford expensive but once-and-for-all repairs ( assuming such repairs to be feasible ) , household [work] must either be neglected , or undertaken in a cheap but piecemeal fashion , where any improvement is partial and temporary in its effect .

To neglect maintenance , however , is only to shift the burden from one part of the household budget to another .
to neglect [work] , however , is only to shift the burden from one part of the household budget to another .

Identity maintenance needs additional institutional support , especially when the family fails .
identity [work] needs additional institutional support , especially when the family fails .

The flags also have the advantage of low maintenance , and because they are rough riven should not be too slippery in wet weather .
the flags also have the advantage of low [work] , and because they are rough riven should not be too slippery in wet weather .

For Aquitaine was the Ring of England 's inheritance , not his conquest ; the Gascons saw the maintenance of the English connection as vital to the preservation of their liberties and customs , and the mercantile community of Bordeaux , together with the wine producers of the Bordelais , regarded the link with England as vital to their prosperity .
for aquitaine was the ring of england 's inheritance , not his conquest ; the gascons saw the [work] of the english connection as vital to the preservation of their liberties and customs , and the mercantile community of bordeaux , together with the wine producers of the bordelais , regarded the link with england as vital to their prosperity .

Edward had won over the industrial towns of Flanders in 1340 , and the maintenance of the English position there was to be a basic strategic principle until its decisive failure in 1385 .
edward had won over the industrial towns of flanders in 1340 , and the [work] of the english position there was to be a basic strategic principle until its decisive failure in 1385 .

Service or maintenance charges and liability for repairs must also be made clear .
service or [work] charges and liability for repairs must also be made clear .

Expenditure of £56 million is planned for carriageway maintenance in the eastern region with a further £11 million to be spent on renewing and strengthening the region 's bridges .
expenditure of £56 million is planned for carriageway [work] in the eastern region with a further £11 million to be spent on renewing and strengthening the region 's bridges .

The annual maintenance outage on Reactor 1 at Torness was completed three days ahead of schedule … and that means an extra 45 Gigawatt hours of production for the Company .
the annual [work] outage on reactor 1 at torness was completed three days ahead of schedule … and that means an extra 45 gigawatt hours of production for the company .

All the active plant will be kept on a ‘ care and maintenance ’ regime for approximately 30 years , i.e. buildings are kept weathertight structures are preserved , and any loose contamination will be fixed or removed .
all the active plant will be kept on a ‘ care and [work] ’ regime for approximately 30 years , i.e. buildings are kept weathertight structures are preserved , and any loose contamination will be fixed or removed .

‘ Sufficient maintenance and supervisory staff will be kept in place to ensure the plant continues to match the strict safety criteria currently in place . ’
‘ sufficient [work] and supervisory staff will be kept in place to ensure the plant continues to match the strict safety criteria currently in place . ’

There will be a rolling maintenance programme of the external walls and roof to ensure they continue to be wind and watertight .
there will be a rolling [work] programme of the external walls and roof to ensure they continue to be wind and watertight .

Jim Henderson ( fifth from right , back row ) , now a shift maintenance foreman at Torness , said ‘ The maintenance superintendent Charlie Whytock drove us hard , but we learned a lot from him .
jim henderson ( fifth from right , back row ) , now a shift [work] foreman at torness , said ‘ the [work] superintendent charlie whytock drove us hard , but we learned a lot from him .

His tip was for handrails to be provided around the Laundry Building , to prevent people falling during routine maintenance access .
his tip was for handrails to be provided around the laundry building , to prevent people falling during routine [work] access .

Installation of the handrail will increase the safety for Health Physics staff carrying out surveys and for maintenance staff who have to work on the roof from time to time .
installation of the handrail will increase the safety for health physics staff carrying out surveys and for [work] staff who have to work on the roof from time to time .

The competition was hosted by Torness and Maintenance Manager Mark Northrop was only too delighted to present the prizes .
the competition was hosted by torness and [work] manager mark northrop was only too delighted to present the prizes .

Not the least of these was the responsibility for the maintenance of the Library 's buildings .
not the least of these was the responsibility for the [work] of the library 's buildings .

With the care and maintenance of the Library 's buildings forming an increasingly significant factor in the Library 's plans since direct responsibility for its buildings was transferred to the Library in April 1989 , it is gratifying to note that already much has been achieved .
with the care and [work] of the library 's buildings forming an increasingly significant factor in the library 's plans since direct responsibility for its buildings was transferred to the library in april 1989 , it is gratifying to note that already much has been achieved .

As foreseen in last year 's Annual Report , competitive quotations were sought , and a contract let , for plant operation and maintenance of the Library 's buildings for three years from 1991–92 .
as foreseen in last year 's annual report , competitive quotations were sought , and a contract let , for plant operation and [work] of the library 's buildings for three years from 1991–92 .

Service technician Debbie Avis from Tropical Plants East managed to win the atrium award for her maintenance work at the Amro Bank in Moorgate .
service technician debbie avis from tropical plants east managed to win the atrium award for her [work] work at the amro bank in moorgate .

Tropical Plants East have won an Award of Merit for their maintenance of the atrium planting at Avebury , the Milton Keynes headquarters of Argos Plc .
tropical plants east have won an award of merit for their [work] of the atrium planting at avebury , the milton keynes headquarters of argos plc .

In addition to providing a regular preventative maintenance service they are also well set up for dealing with emergency work on a 24 hour basis .
in addition to providing a regular preventative [work] service they are also well set up for dealing with emergency work on a 24 hour basis .

Water and Ventilation were drawn with Head Office , Healthcare and Hygiene against Pest Control and Metropolitan ( Office Machine Maintenance ) .
water and ventilation were drawn with head office , healthcare and hygiene against pest control and metropolitan ( office machine [work] ) .

The fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the maintenance of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .
the fluid produced by the sanitizer contains a scale inhibitor to prevent the build up of encrusted deposits , a cleaning agent to help keep surfaces clean ( thus helping to prevent bacterial adhesion ) , and the regular dosing of the fluid ensures the [work] of sanitary conditions , even in areas of heavy use .

Safety aspects of siting , care and maintenance of machinery , including VDUs .
safety aspects of siting , care and [work] of machinery , including vdus .

Maintenance staff at Sullom Voe are now getting to parts of the plant other standard lifting equipment can not reach following the acquisition of a new 90-tonne mobile crane and two articulated telescopic boom working platforms .
[work] staff at sullom voe are now getting to parts of the plant other standard lifting equipment can not reach following the acquisition of a new 90-tonne mobile crane and two articulated telescopic boom working platforms .

Services engineer Jim Hunter , who is responsible for vehicle and plant maintenance on the terminal , told BPXpress : ‘ The remote location of Sullom Voe means that having a reliable crane is essential .
services engineer jim hunter , who is responsible for vehicle and plant [work] on the terminal , told bpxpress : ‘ the remote location of sullom voe means that having a reliable crane is essential .

The agreements address the priority hiring of local vehicles ; a cooperation on the maintenance of roads , and the opening of a dialogue with organisations that work on fostering development and progress in Tauramena .
the agreements address the priority hiring of local vehicles ; a cooperation on the [work] of roads , and the opening of a dialogue with organisations that work on fostering development and progress in tauramena .

Dave Swallow is Sullom Voe 's new head of field maintenance .
dave swallow is sullom voe 's new head of field [work] .

He succeeds former assistant superintendent ( field maintenance ) Stuart Piper who left the terminal in June to join Shell in Gabon .
he succeeds former assistant superintendent ( field [work] ) stuart piper who left the terminal in june to join shell in gabon .

Swallow comes to Shetland after a year 's short-term assignment at Wytch Farm where he provided the engineering input into the onshore field 's scheduled maintenance shutdown in April .
swallow comes to shetland after a year 's short-term assignment at wytch farm where he provided the engineering input into the onshore field 's scheduled [work] shutdown in april .

From October 1 , multi-skilled maintenance shift teams have been enhanced and a new operations division organisation structure takes effect following the departure of production superintendent Peter Robinson to Southern North Sea as operations manager .
from october 1 , multi-skilled [work] shift teams have been enhanced and a new operations division organisation structure takes effect following the departure of production superintendent peter robinson to southern north sea as operations manager .

One of the team 's first tasks was to identify which maintenance craftsmen would transfer from day working to shifts and also to establish the means for allocating routine maintenance to be undertaken by the shift teams .
one of the team 's first tasks was to identify which [work] craftsmen would transfer from day working to shifts and also to establish the means for allocating routine [work] to be undertaken by the shift teams .

The emphasis of the shift teams — to be called operational maintenance teams — will be on site-wide preventative maintenance work .
the emphasis of the shift teams — to be called operational [work] teams — will be on site-wide preventative [work] work .

‘ Each member of the ‘ start-up ’ team is involved in listing the various shift field activities and verifying their necessity to the terminal 's operational maintenance requirements , ’ said Ian .
‘ each member of the ‘ start-up ’ team is involved in listing the various shift field activities and verifying their necessity to the terminal 's operational [work] requirements , ’ said ian .

‘ The role of the shift supervisors is key to the success of the transition from day to shift maintenance working . ’
‘ the role of the shift supervisors is key to the success of the transition from day to shift [work] working . ’

As training programmes are made available , and on-the-job experience builds up , it is anticipated that both maintenance and operations staff will take on a wider range of tasks .
as training programmes are made available , and on-the-job experience builds up , it is anticipated that both [work] and operations staff will take on a wider range of tasks .

The soft part of the contract includes low maintenance grass areas , high quality formal rolling lawns backing onto the buildings , putting greens for use by both patients and staff and also a children 's green .
the soft part of the contract includes low [work] grass areas , high quality formal rolling lawns backing onto the buildings , putting greens for use by both patients and staff and also a children 's green .

Welcome to new readers who have joined us with the recent acquisitions of Argyll Services a London-based office and retail cleaning company , Wessex Hygiene Services who specialise in kitchen ventilation and convector cleaning in Bristol , Wiltshire and Somerset , and Rowland Compliance testing who take us into a new realm of contract servicing in circuit testing and maintenance of electrical appliances .
welcome to new readers who have joined us with the recent acquisitions of argyll services a london-based office and retail cleaning company , wessex hygiene services who specialise in kitchen ventilation and convector cleaning in bristol , wiltshire and somerset , and rowland compliance testing who take us into a new realm of contract servicing in circuit testing and [work] of electrical appliances .

Report leaking taps to maintenance departments .
report leaking taps to [work] departments .

The Group Chief Engineer has responsibility for ensuring the design , construction , installation and maintenance of buildings , plant and machinery in accordance with environmental standards to comply with the Company 's environmental policy objectives .
the group chief engineer has responsibility for ensuring the design , construction , installation and [work] of buildings , plant and machinery in accordance with environmental standards to comply with the company 's environmental policy objectives .

Engineering We will continually strive to reduce our impact on the environment by ensuring that environmental issues are considered and the best practicable option is adopted during the design , construction , installation and maintenance of buildings , plant and machinery .
engineering we will continually strive to reduce our impact on the environment by ensuring that environmental issues are considered and the best practicable option is adopted during the design , construction , installation and [work] of buildings , plant and machinery .

This has been achieved by due consideration of the surrounding community whenever new development projects are considered and by planned maintenance of existing plant and machinery .
this has been achieved by due consideration of the surrounding community whenever new development projects are considered and by planned [work] of existing plant and machinery .

Vehicle maintenance and repair
vehicle [work] and repair

The answer to this dilemma was simple yet effective and combined the desire to recognise exceptional achievement with the maintenance of the National Certificate 's philosophy .
the answer to this dilemma was simple yet effective and combined the desire to recognise exceptional achievement with the [work] of the national certificate 's philosophy .

The system will allow as much devolved responsibility as is compatible with the maintenance of consistent standards across centres and over time .
the system will allow as much devolved responsibility as is compatible with the [work] of consistent standards across centres and over time .

The centre has implemented systems and procedures to monitor and evaluate the quality of all provision offered and has adopted effective strategies to promote the maintenance of consistent standards in all awards offered .
the centre has implemented systems and procedures to monitor and evaluate the quality of all provision offered and has adopted effective strategies to promote the [work] of consistent standards in all awards offered .

The policy does not provide cover for remedial work required due to normal wear and tear or to the failure by the Policyholder to exercise ordinary care and maintenance over his property .
the policy does not provide cover for remedial work required due to normal wear and tear or to the failure by the policyholder to exercise ordinary care and [work] over his property .

‘ over a period of time ’ , are clear indicators of lack of maintenance .
‘ over a period of time ’ , are clear indicators of lack of [work] .

Care should be taken with frost claims as the damage could result from lack of maintenance or the policyholder 's failure to take reasonable precautions to ensure the safety of their property .
care should be taken with frost claims as the damage could result from lack of [work] or the policyholder 's failure to take reasonable precautions to ensure the safety of their property .

This would fall to be considered under the occupiers liability section of a contents policy even where the occupant is merely a tenant and responsibility for maintenance of the pipes lies with the owner .
this would fall to be considered under the occupiers liability section of a contents policy even where the occupant is merely a tenant and responsibility for [work] of the pipes lies with the owner .

The Rentokil Library provides an authoritative series of fully illustrated books and expert knowledge of specialist authors on many subjects of concern to those responsible for hygiene , pest control or property maintenance .
the rentokil library provides an authoritative series of fully illustrated books and expert knowledge of specialist authors on many subjects of concern to those responsible for hygiene , pest control or property [work] .

Clients pay for the service on a quarterly basis and they know that the air will be kept clean , without any additional expenditure on repairs or maintenance ’ .
clients pay for the service on a quarterly basis and they know that the air will be kept clean , without any additional expenditure on repairs or [work] ’ .

The plants are then supplied with an incorporated maintenance programme .
the plants are then supplied with an incorporated [work] programme .

Therefore it makes sense both aesthetically and financially to adopt an installation and maintenance service .
therefore it makes sense both aesthetically and financially to adopt an installation and [work] service .

Added to the existing washroom and drains maintenance service , the Water and Ventilation service means that Rentokil can look after water systems in buildings , ‘ from mains to drains ’ .
added to the existing washroom and drains [work] service , the water and ventilation service means that rentokil can look after water systems in buildings , ‘ from mains to drains ’ .

The services are aimed at reducing the risks of Legionnaires ' Disease and Sick Building Syndrome and are supported by the Group 's specialist knowledge of the ways in which regular maintenance can prevent contamination of water and ventilation systems .
the services are aimed at reducing the risks of legionnaires ' disease and sick building syndrome and are supported by the group 's specialist knowledge of the ways in which regular [work] can prevent contamination of water and ventilation systems .

Office Machine Maintenance
office machine [work]

Office Machine Maintenance provides a service for leasing , rental , sales and maintenance of photocopiers and fax machines .
office machine [work] provides a service for leasing , rental , sales and [work] of photocopiers and fax machines .

Major brands are sold with service and maintenance provided under contract with the aim of reducing down time from breakdowns and maximising the reliability and performance of the equipment .
major brands are sold with service and [work] provided under contract with the aim of reducing down time from breakdowns and maximising the reliability and performance of the equipment .

Fast , efficient service and maintenance of fax machines and photocopiers is essential .
fast , efficient service and [work] of fax machines and photocopiers is essential .

maintenance is the support of litigation by a stranger without just course ; champerty is an aggravated form of maintenance , its distinguishing feature being the support of litigation by a stranger in return for a share of the proceeds .
[work] is the support of litigation by a stranger without just course ; champerty is an aggravated form of [work] , its distinguishing feature being the support of litigation by a stranger in return for a share of the proceeds .

After an accident it is often found that maintenance work as well as repairs is necessary and it is quite natural that the Policyholder will want both carried out at the same time .
after an accident it is often found that [work] work as well as repairs is necessary and it is quite natural that the policyholder will want both carried out at the same time .

The cost of repairing such defects comes under the maintenance of the plant .
the cost of repairing such defects comes under the [work] of the plant .

Usually maintenance work is carried out during the course of repairs following a breakdown .
usually [work] work is carried out during the course of repairs following a breakdown .

Such maintenance work has nothing to do with breakdown as defined ( see Policy Commentary ) and the cost of supplying and fitting such parts should be excluded .
such [work] work has nothing to do with breakdown as defined ( see policy commentary ) and the cost of supplying and fitting such parts should be excluded .

To qualify for an alarm discount previously it was necessary for an annual maintenance agreement to be in force .
to qualify for an alarm discount previously it was necessary for an annual [work] agreement to be in force .

The Committee is keen to encourage greater member participation in this important but time-consuming work on the development and maintenance of British , European and International standards , appropriate for quality building and construction , and in accreditation and listing regimes .
the committee is keen to encourage greater member participation in this important but time-consuming work on the development and [work] of british , european and international standards , appropriate for quality building and construction , and in accreditation and listing regimes .

Repair of the southern part of the main roof at sixth floor level was the main maintenance activity carried out during the year .
repair of the southern part of the main roof at sixth floor level was the main [work] activity carried out during the year .

In addition , much of the grounds maintenance is now contracted out , giving custodians more time to spend with visitors .
in addition , much of the grounds [work] is now contracted out , giving custodians more time to spend with visitors .

The contracts are changing — the MoD itself is looking beyond hotel services to multi-function contracts involving vehicle and radar maintenance , for example .
the contracts are changing — the mod itself is looking beyond hotel services to multi-function contracts involving vehicle and radar [work] , for example .

But apart from basic maintenance like turning mattresses regularly — every three months , experts recommend — what should a hotelier look for in a good quality hotel bed and what is its average life expectancy ?
but apart from basic [work] like turning mattresses regularly — every three months , experts recommend — what should a hotelier look for in a good quality hotel bed and what is its average life expectancy ?

Our main Service charge covers , Warden Service , Gardens , General Maintenance and Administration .
our main service charge covers , warden service , gardens , general [work] and administration .

On Monday , 22 February , Mr. Brian Henning , Director of Crestacare , and Mr. Manson , in charge of repairs and maintenance , flew to the Island to attend our Committee Meeting .
on monday , 22 february , mr. brian henning , director of crestacare , and mr. manson , in charge of repairs and [work] , flew to the island to attend our committee meeting .

Maintenance of property , plumbing and gardens , particularly the ponds , were discussed at length , along with a request to permit our qualified accountant , Miss Muriel Jones ( Hon .
[work] of property , plumbing and gardens , particularly the ponds , were discussed at length , along with a request to permit our qualified accountant , miss muriel jones ( hon .

Treasurer ) access to the Annual Account regarding the Administration and maintenance costs and receipts from Service Charges .
treasurer ) access to the annual account regarding the administration and [work] costs and receipts from service charges .

In the opinion of the Committee , Mr. Philip Kirkwood has the best interests of the Residents at heart , and does his utmost to administer the funds available for the maintenance and general well-being of the Village , fairly and impartially .
in the opinion of the committee , mr. philip kirkwood has the best interests of the residents at heart , and does his utmost to administer the funds available for the [work] and general well-being of the village , fairly and impartially .

Moore Stephens has developed a ‘ niche ’ concept which minimises the effort needed for data entry and maintenance .
moore stephens has developed a ‘ niche ’ concept which minimises the effort needed for data entry and [work] .

Scuba diving is a very complex sport and you are required to learn many aspects of the sport all of which are vital for example , pressure equalization , maintenance of equipment , assembling the equipment , nitrogen narcosis , decompression sickness and use of dive tables misunderstandig or neglecting any of these can result in very serious injuries or paralysis or even death you also learn practical skills like mask clearing to a timed diver low compass navigation must also be mastered and a theory and practical tests are undertaken to show you are competent at scuba diving .
scuba diving is a very complex sport and you are required to learn many aspects of the sport all of which are vital for example , pressure equalization , [work] of equipment , assembling the equipment , nitrogen narcosis , decompression sickness and use of dive tables misunderstandig or neglecting any of these can result in very serious injuries or paralysis or even death you also learn practical skills like mask clearing to a timed diver low compass navigation must also be mastered and a theory and practical tests are undertaken to show you are competent at scuba diving .

Highway Maintenance Programme No work planned for Juniper Green .
highway [work] programme no work planned for juniper green .

Request for regular monthly visits to the hall and adequate maintenance .
request for regular monthly visits to the hall and adequate [work] .

Highway Maintenance Priorities quarterly programme .
highway [work] priorities quarterly programme .

Highway Maintenance Priorities Edinburgh Sub Region Quarterly programme but no section on Juniper Green is included .
highway [work] priorities edinburgh sub region quarterly programme but no section on juniper green is included .

Letter to Councillor Fraser re the landscape maintenance of the Colinton Section of the City By Pass at the vicinity of Juniper Green slip road to Baberton Mains .
letter to councillor fraser re the landscape [work] of the colinton section of the city by pass at the vicinity of juniper green slip road to baberton mains .

The cost of living in Britain is high and a single student grant is not adequate for the maintenance of a wife or husband .
the cost of living in britain is high and a single student grant is not adequate for the [work] of a wife or husband .

In contributing to the preparation of graduates for entry to the legal profession the Unit plays a crucial role in the maintenance of high standards of practical legal knowledge .
in contributing to the preparation of graduates for entry to the legal profession the unit plays a crucial role in the [work] of high standards of practical legal knowledge .

But there would be access to the roof , if only for care and maintenance .
but there would be access to the roof , if only for care and [work] .

The main responsibilities of the polytechnics will be as teaching institutions , but it will be necessary to make provision for research which is essential to the proper fulfilment of their teaching functions and the maintenance and development of close links with industry … The Secretary of State believes that Polytechnics — and indeed other colleges which are suitably staffed and equipped — should be able to make a valuable contribution to the research needs of industry on their own distinctive lines and particularly in specialist fields of direct interest to industry in their areas .
the main responsibilities of the polytechnics will be as teaching institutions , but it will be necessary to make provision for research which is essential to the proper fulfilment of their teaching functions and the [work] and development of close links with industry … the secretary of state believes that polytechnics — and indeed other colleges which are suitably staffed and equipped — should be able to make a valuable contribution to the research needs of industry on their own distinctive lines and particularly in specialist fields of direct interest to industry in their areas .

The fact that the maintenance of the hunting bands depended on a traumatic event and its consequences meant that those bands had a reason for needing to repeat the trauma , or at least some effective representation of it , and thereby to perpetuate its consequences — the taboos forbidding incest and parricide .
the fact that the [work] of the hunting bands depended on a traumatic event and its consequences meant that those bands had a reason for needing to repeat the trauma , or at least some effective representation of it , and thereby to perpetuate its consequences — the taboos forbidding incest and parricide .

In both cases the shock had to be overwhelming and painful in the extreme if it was to generate the civilizing consequences of respect for , and maintenance of , the great taboos of civilization .
in both cases the shock had to be overwhelming and painful in the extreme if it was to generate the civilizing consequences of respect for , and [work] of , the great taboos of civilization .

If the maintenance of the essential taboos against incest and aggression against the father are the foundation of the superego and of human society everywhere , it follows as a matter of simple inevitability that liberation of sexual drives which are fundamentally incestuous in their infantile and unconscious origins should lead to conflict with the fathers .
if the [work] of the essential taboos against incest and aggression against the father are the foundation of the superego and of human society everywhere , it follows as a matter of simple inevitability that liberation of sexual drives which are fundamentally incestuous in their infantile and unconscious origins should lead to conflict with the fathers .

This grant is intended for maintenance during the three terms and the vacations at Christmas and Easter , but also includes some provision for books , travel , clothes and the like .
this grant is intended for [work] during the three terms and the vacations at christmas and easter , but also includes some provision for books , travel , clothes and the like .

This application should still be made even if , because of the student 's and/or parents ' income , it appears unlikely that there will be any assistance towards maintenance , because fees are payable in full by the grant-awarding body without regard to the income of student , parent or spouse .
this application should still be made even if , because of the student 's and/or parents ' income , it appears unlikely that there will be any assistance towards [work] , because fees are payable in full by the grant-awarding body without regard to the income of student , parent or spouse .

Books , Materials and Equipment The standard maintenance allowance in grants includes a sum of about £246 for the purchase of books , equipment and materials .
books , materials and equipment the standard [work] allowance in grants includes a sum of about £246 for the purchase of books , equipment and materials .

In the final year , students complete the study of Housing Policy and Practice and take additional courses on Planning and Development , Building and Maintenance , Human Resource Management and another Social Policy option .
in the final year , students complete the study of housing policy and practice and take additional courses on planning and development , building and [work] , human resource management and another social policy option .

Though the veterinary profession in Britain is relatively small in number , it is responsible for essential aspects of the maintenance of health and production in farm animals , for the prevention of animal disease and for the diagnosis and treatment of disease in farm animals , horses , household pets , laboratory and zoo animals .
though the veterinary profession in britain is relatively small in number , it is responsible for essential aspects of the [work] of health and production in farm animals , for the prevention of animal disease and for the diagnosis and treatment of disease in farm animals , horses , household pets , laboratory and zoo animals .

Normally he handed over responsibility for the routine maintenance of their relationship to Ellen , but she was letting him down , so he was going to try the only technique he knew : drop some explosive overboard and see what floated to the surface .
normally he handed over responsibility for the routine [work] of their relationship to ellen , but she was letting him down , so he was going to try the only technique he knew : drop some explosive overboard and see what floated to the surface .

For Trotsky the Soviet bureaucracy was little different from any other in its regulatory functions , its maintenance of social ranks and ‘ its exploitation of the state apparatus for personal goals ’ ( Trotsky 1936 , p. 248 ) .
for trotsky the soviet bureaucracy was little different from any other in its regulatory functions , its [work] of social ranks and ‘ its exploitation of the state apparatus for personal goals ’ ( trotsky 1936 , p. 248 ) .

It thereby assists the maintenance of domestic capitalist interests and elaborates its repressive apparatuses .
it thereby assists the [work] of domestic capitalist interests and elaborates its repressive apparatuses .

Thus Leys draws a parallel between Kenyan experience and Marx 's observation that Louis Napoleon produced , alongside the actual class structure of mid-nineteenth-century France , ‘ an artificial caste , for which the maintenance of his regime becomes a bread and butter question ’ .
thus leys draws a parallel between kenyan experience and marx 's observation that louis napoleon produced , alongside the actual class structure of mid-nineteenth-century france , ‘ an artificial caste , for which the [work] of his regime becomes a bread and butter question ’ .

‘ Taylorism dominates the world of production ; the practitioners of ‘ human relations ’ and ‘ industrial psychology ’ are the maintenance crew for the human machinery ’ ( Braverman 1974 ) .
‘ taylorism dominates the world of production ; the practitioners of ‘ human relations ’ and ‘ industrial psychology ’ are the [work] crew for the human machinery ’ ( braverman 1974 ) .

The raising of morale has been imposed by management in pursuance of surplus value and the maintenance of managerial authority .
the raising of morale has been imposed by management in pursuance of surplus value and the [work] of managerial authority .

Not only are we rapidly filling up these refuse sites but the disposal and site maintenance is also costing us a lot of money — all from our rates !
not only are we rapidly filling up these refuse sites but the disposal and site [work] is also costing us a lot of money — all from our rates !

Patrilocal residence , where women join the households of their husbands rather than vice versa , and the continued strength of the system of domestic production , where families consume most of what they produce rather than buy and sell in the market , have always been seen as obstacles to capitalist development in the Third World and as strong reinforcements for the maintenance of feudal-patriarchal relations .
patrilocal residence , where women join the households of their husbands rather than vice versa , and the continued strength of the system of domestic production , where families consume most of what they produce rather than buy and sell in the market , have always been seen as obstacles to capitalist development in the third world and as strong reinforcements for the [work] of feudal-patriarchal relations .

Of the three cases of Crohn 's disease with recurrent pouchitis , one remains on longterm low dose maintenance metronidazole and two have required temporary pouch defunctioning by loop ileostomy but have now been closed .
of the three cases of crohn 's disease with recurrent pouchitis , one remains on longterm low dose [work] metronidazole and two have required temporary pouch defunctioning by loop ileostomy but have now been closed .

Of the two patients with recurrent pouchitis who have indeterminate colitis , one remains on lowdose maintenance metronidazole and one has had his pouch excised because of unacceptable functional results .
of the two patients with recurrent pouchitis who have indeterminate colitis , one remains on lowdose [work] metronidazole and one has had his pouch excised because of unacceptable functional results .

The daily maintenance dose of calories was 2000 to 2400 kcal ( 40–60 kcal/kg body weight ) .
the daily [work] dose of calories was 2000 to 2400 kcal ( 40–60 kcal/kg body weight ) .

What really lay behind the council 's complaint was Gloucester 's willingness to put the maintenance of an affinity before financial considerations .
what really lay behind the council 's complaint was gloucester 's willingness to put the [work] of an affinity before financial considerations .

Given the value attached to a lord 's maintenance of his servants ' local interests , national eminence could not , in itself , create a significant connection in areas where the lord had no other influence .
given the value attached to a lord 's [work] of his servants ' local interests , national eminence could not , in itself , create a significant connection in areas where the lord had no other influence .

It is , indeed , doubtful how much help Gloucester could have commanded explicitly in order to take the throne : some , almost certainly , but much ( if not most ) of the backing he enjoyed was given to the protector for the maintenance of stability — a distinction of which Gloucester himself seems not to have been fully conscious .
it is , indeed , doubtful how much help gloucester could have commanded explicitly in order to take the throne : some , almost certainly , but much ( if not most ) of the backing he enjoyed was given to the protector for the [work] of stability — a distinction of which gloucester himself seems not to have been fully conscious .

All patients were on maintenance treatment with sulphasalazine ( n=5 ) or olsalazine ( n=1 ) .
all patients were on [work] treatment with sulphasalazine ( n=5 ) or olsalazine ( n=1 ) .

Alternate day prednisone was not often used , even though such treatment has been recommended by some gastroenterologists as routine maintenance treatment of Crohn 's disease .
alternate day prednisone was not often used , even though such treatment has been recommended by some gastroenterologists as routine [work] treatment of crohn 's disease .

Usually , however , the situation is more complicated than this ; in such patients gastric emptying of liquid , as this study shows , may be abnormally rapid , while concurrent retention of solids suggests the maintenance of antral sieving with failure or inhibition of effective trituration .
usually , however , the situation is more complicated than this ; in such patients gastric emptying of liquid , as this study shows , may be abnormally rapid , while concurrent retention of solids suggests the [work] of antral sieving with failure or inhibition of effective trituration .

Its activities cover programming installation and maintenance , staff training , desktop publishing as well as graphic art and video production .
its activities cover programming installation and [work] , staff training , desktop publishing as well as graphic art and video production .

Robert Moleyns , Lord Hungerford , captured at Castillon in 1453 , was valued for ransom at £6,000 , a sum inflated to almost £10,000 by the cost of his maintenance while a prisoner till his release in 1459 and by the charges of the merchants who negotiated the exchange of the money .
robert moleyns , lord hungerford , captured at castillon in 1453 , was valued for ransom at £6,000 , a sum inflated to almost £10,000 by the cost of his [work] while a prisoner till his release in 1459 and by the charges of the merchants who negotiated the exchange of the money .

However , other firms operating similar machines have found that after the first three years it becomes increasingly more costly in terms of repairs and maintenance to keep machinery of this type productive .
however , other firms operating similar machines have found that after the first three years it becomes increasingly more costly in terms of repairs and [work] to keep machinery of this type productive .

— Maintenance
— [work]

In addition the company has two service cost centres : Maintenance and Inspection .
in addition the company has two service cost centres : [work] and inspection .

The subjects covered include : anaesthesia for caesarean section ( percentage of nitrous oxide for general anaesthesia , maintenance of general anaesthetic skills , fetal distress , and spinal anaesthesia ) , regional analgesia/anaesthesia ( prophylactic epidural blood patch , epidural opiates , and fluid preloading ) , and updates on previous debates .
the subjects covered include : anaesthesia for caesarean section ( percentage of nitrous oxide for general anaesthesia , [work] of general anaesthetic skills , fetal distress , and spinal anaesthesia ) , regional analgesia/anaesthesia ( prophylactic epidural blood patch , epidural opiates , and fluid preloading ) , and updates on previous debates .

‘ In the concreted yard at the back of the flats at Water Eaton Road stood a light-weight , rubber-wheeled , aluminium wheelbarrow which one of the maintenance men had been using earlier that day .
‘ in the concreted yard at the back of the flats at water eaton road stood a light-weight , rubber-wheeled , aluminium wheelbarrow which one of the [work] men had been using earlier that day .

Different organisations may refer to DCs by other names ; for example , Engineering Change Proposals , Program Maintenance and Change Requests .
different organisations may refer to dcs by other names ; for example , engineering change proposals , program [work] and change requests .

It also provides a record of the order , despatch and maintenance contract dates of the issued product .
it also provides a record of the order , despatch and [work] contract dates of the issued product .

The designation ‘ software management ’ refers to those activities and procedures concerned with orderly file and data handling , provision for the maintenance of standards and , not least , a means of rendering the production process visible .
the designation ‘ software management ’ refers to those activities and procedures concerned with orderly file and data handling , provision for the [work] of standards and , not least , a means of rendering the production process visible .

The sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .
the sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the [work] agreements for which they have contracted .

Maintenance start/Maintenance stop ( Optional Input Field )
[work] start/maintenance stop ( optional input field )

The start/stop date for the order 's maintenance contract , in the form dd-MMM-yyyy .
the start/stop date for the order 's [work] contract , in the form dd-mmm-yyyy .

Note that only the contact name and maintenance dates can be changed once the issue is marked as despatched .
note that only the contact name and [work] dates can be changed once the issue is marked as despatched .

Maintenance start/Maintenance stop ( Optional Input Field )
[work] start/maintenance stop ( optional input field )

The start/stop date for the order 's maintenance contract may be updated .
the start/stop date for the order 's [work] contract may be updated .

Once an issue has been despatched , only the contact name and maintenance dates may be changed .
once an issue has been despatched , only the contact name and [work] dates may be changed .

Using option 5.3.2 — Update Issue , the issue may be updated further unless it has already been despatched whereupon only the contact name and maintenance dates may be changed .
using option 5.3.2 — update issue , the issue may be updated further unless it has already been despatched whereupon only the contact name and [work] dates may be changed .

Using this option again ( option 5.3.2 — Update Issue ) , the issue may be updated further unless it has already been despatched whereupon only the contact name and maintenance dates may be changed .
using this option again ( option 5.3.2 — update issue ) , the issue may be updated further unless it has already been despatched whereupon only the contact name and [work] dates may be changed .

The sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the maintenance agreements for which they have contracted .
the sales user 's typical functions include entering new clients ' names , the products which they have purchased and the [work] agreements for which they have contracted .

It also provides a record of the order , despatch and maintenance contract dates of the issued product .
it also provides a record of the order , despatch and [work] contract dates of the issued product .

The details of the product and client with which it is associated are entered , together with the order , despatch and maintenance contract dates .
the details of the product and client with which it is associated are entered , together with the order , despatch and [work] contract dates .

However , once the issue has been despatched , only the contact name and maintenance contract dates can be updated .
however , once the issue has been despatched , only the contact name and [work] contract dates can be updated .

Three engineers , Ian Cadden , James Delaney and Edward Haley have recently joined the company to provide plant maintenance during shift operations .
three engineers , ian cadden , james delaney and edward haley have recently joined the company to provide plant [work] during shift operations .

William was employed in the Maintenance Department on General Service Duties , a position he had held for the past two years .
william was employed in the [work] department on general service duties , a position he had held for the past two years .

So often gardens today are geared towards large drifts of shrubs and herbaceous material , which , although ideal for easy maintenance , display little in the way of infinite details .
so often gardens today are geared towards large drifts of shrubs and herbaceous material , which , although ideal for easy [work] , display little in the way of infinite details .

This means that a low maintenance composition needs to use materials and planting that are not only easy to care for but look good throughout the year .
this means that a low [work] composition needs to use materials and planting that are not only easy to care for but look good throughout the year .

Both these species are relatively low in maintenance , needing a clip once , or at the most , twice a year .
both these species are relatively low in [work] , needing a clip once , or at the most , twice a year .

Planting is chosen for ease of maintenance and it is particularly useful to use the two trees , birch and sorbus provide vertical emphasis , helping to counteract the steep slope .
planting is chosen for ease of [work] and it is particularly useful to use the two trees , birch and sorbus provide vertical emphasis , helping to counteract the steep slope .

Yet because they both work odd hours , Barbara as a hairdresser and Neil as a plumber , the garden is planned for easy maintenance . ``
yet because they both work odd hours , barbara as a hairdresser and neil as a plumber , the garden is planned for easy [work] . ``

Hugh Flynn , Maintenance Fitter , received £50 for developing a machine that would strip waste yarn from used bobbins using only air pressure .
hugh flynn , [work] fitter , received £50 for developing a machine that would strip waste yarn from used bobbins using only air pressure .

Eddie Heley , Maintenance Fitter , was given £10 for an idea that could reduced wear and save down time on Axminster looms by fitting hardened brushes to the sneck sleeve bracket .
eddie heley , [work] fitter , was given £10 for an idea that could reduced wear and save down time on axminster looms by fitting hardened brushes to the sneck sleeve bracket .

John McMannus , also a Maintenance Fitter , has thought of a way to reduce maintenance on spool gantries by fitting a limit switch for early detection of moving chain wheels .
john mcmannus , also a [work] fitter , has thought of a way to reduce [work] on spool gantries by fitting a limit switch for early detection of moving chain wheels .

John Kelly , Bobbin Boy operates the new yarn stripping machine developed by Hugh Flynn , Maintenance Fitter , as part of the ‘ Doing It Better ’ scheme .
john kelly , bobbin boy operates the new yarn stripping machine developed by hugh flynn , [work] fitter , as part of the ‘ doing it better ’ scheme .

Margaret Gibson , Maintenance Cleaner , retired at the end of April after twenty three years ' with the company .
margaret gibson , [work] cleaner , retired at the end of april after twenty three years ' with the company .

Neither you nor your husband or wife may claim for any lump sum or maintenance payment .
neither you nor your husband or wife may claim for any lump sum or [work] payment .

maintenance ( called periodical allowance ) — a regular weekly or monthly payment of money and/or
[work] ( called periodical allowance ) — a regular weekly or monthly payment of money and/or

However , if your financial circumstances change after divorce , you may be able to get maintenance with the help of a solicitor .
however , if your financial circumstances change after divorce , you may be able to get [work] with the help of a solicitor .

Users of clinical analysers are well aware of the need for fast efficient maintenance .
users of clinical analysers are well aware of the need for fast efficient [work] .

the supplier should commission the equipment and prepare operations and maintenance manuals
the supplier should commission the equipment and prepare operations and [work] manuals

And when it reaches you , it 's backed by in-depth network hardware support — which includes on-site maintenance .
and when it reaches you , it 's backed by in-depth network hardware support — which includes on-site [work] .

The Education ( Student Loans ) Act 1990 ( enacted on April 26 , 1990 ) provided for the introduction of top-up loans to students in higher education as a partial replacement for student maintenance grants .
the education ( student loans ) act 1990 ( enacted on april 26 , 1990 ) provided for the introduction of top-up loans to students in higher education as a partial replacement for student [work] grants .

Although official action had ended after a national ballot on Jan. 24 , unofficial action had continued until March after discontent had emerged among Ford 's maintenance workers , craftsmen and electricians , causing major disruption of work across the country .
although official action had ended after a national ballot on jan. 24 , unofficial action had continued until march after discontent had emerged among ford 's [work] workers , craftsmen and electricians , causing major disruption of work across the country .

Clean and easy to construct Maintenance free Good heat retention Choice of sheet colours Excellent weathering properties No condensation problems
clean and easy to construct [work] free good heat retention choice of sheet colours excellent weathering properties no condensation problems

The finished roof will now be weatherproof for many years and require no maintenance .
the finished roof will now be weatherproof for many years and require no [work] .

This provides the waterproof top layer of the roof and , provided that all side and end laps have been sealed with Rockwell sealing strip , will give a durable watertight roof which needs no maintenance .
this provides the waterproof top layer of the roof and , provided that all side and end laps have been sealed with rockwell sealing strip , will give a durable watertight roof which needs no [work] .

On Sept. 28 the World Bank agreed to a loan worth $224,000,000 to support a public works maintenance programme for 1990-93 .
on sept. 28 the world bank agreed to a loan worth $224,000,000 to support a public works [work] programme for 1990-93 .

On March 6 , 8,500 maintenance workers also went on strike , supported by the pilots .
on march 6 , 8,500 [work] workers also went on strike , supported by the pilots .

Although the August amendments to the Public Security Act had made chief district officers ( CDOs ) more accountable by ordering them to maintain law and order through district police , on Oct. 6 the government announced that CDOs had been armed with unlimited powers under the Security Act , as amended in September , to hold anyone in preventive detention for the maintenance of law and order .
although the august amendments to the public security act had made chief district officers ( cdos ) more accountable by ordering them to maintain law and order through district police , on oct. 6 the government announced that cdos had been armed with unlimited powers under the security act , as amended in september , to hold anyone in preventive detention for the [work] of law and order .

Airbus Industrie rejected any suggestion that the aircraft itself was to blame , but its sophisticated `` fly by wire `` computer system had been criticized by some experts as over-complicated , and Indian Airlines staff complained that pilots and maintenance crew had received insufficient training on the Airbus .
airbus industrie rejected any suggestion that the aircraft itself was to blame , but its sophisticated `` fly by wire `` computer system had been criticized by some experts as over-complicated , and indian airlines staff complained that pilots and [work] crew had received insufficient training on the airbus .

Dealing between GEMMs plays an important part in the maintenance of an efficient and liquid market .
dealing between gemms plays an important part in the [work] of an efficient and liquid market .

George Ball , for instance , had two tough and vital sessions with Wilson on 8 – 9 September 1965 , during which he battled for agreement to link American defence of the pound with Britain 's maintenance of her overseas commitments .
george ball , for instance , had two tough and vital sessions with wilson on 8 – 9 september 1965 , during which he battled for agreement to link american defence of the pound with britain 's [work] of her overseas commitments .

Here the need to pursue detente with the Eastern bloc was underlined as well as the maintenance of Western defences .
here the need to pursue detente with the eastern bloc was underlined as well as the [work] of western defences .

He affirmed that he would continue to work for the maintenance of the status quo , but he felt that the Great Powers could no longer avoid discussing the international consequences which would ensue when Turkey fell .
he affirmed that he would continue to work for the [work] of the status quo , but he felt that the great powers could no longer avoid discussing the international consequences which would ensue when turkey fell .

However strongly he objected to military governors-general , he also believed strongly in the maintenance of law and order .
however strongly he objected to military governors-general , he also believed strongly in the [work] of law and order .

They were explicitly instructed to involve themselves in local economic affairs , education , medical care , prisons and road maintenance .
they were explicitly instructed to involve themselves in local economic affairs , education , medical care , prisons and road [work] .

The maintenance of diplomats by the states to which they were sent , still common in the sixteenth century , ebbed away in western Europe in that which followed .
the [work] of diplomats by the states to which they were sent , still common in the sixteenth century , ebbed away in western europe in that which followed .

The continuation of short term discretionary expenditure , such as plant maintenance and advertising .
the continuation of short term discretionary expenditure , such as plant [work] and advertising .

The research is examining the what , why and how of managing strategic and operational changes in firms in mature industries , and any link between the capability to affect change and the maintenance and improvement of competitive performance .
the research is examining the what , why and how of managing strategic and operational changes in firms in mature industries , and any link between the capability to affect change and the [work] and improvement of competitive performance .

The aims of this research are to discover what are the attributes , qualities and skills of senior managers ( the competencies ) that contribute to the establishment and maintenance of high performing systems .
the aims of this research are to discover what are the attributes , qualities and skills of senior managers ( the competencies ) that contribute to the establishment and [work] of high performing systems .

Amongst recently completed research projects is an evaluation of repair and maintenance procedures for public housing in Scotland .
amongst recently completed research projects is an evaluation of repair and [work] procedures for public housing in scotland .

There has been a steady increase in illegitimacy in the 1980s accompanied by a rise in unmarried parents ' applications to court for maintenance , custody and access .
there has been a steady increase in illegitimacy in the 1980s accompanied by a rise in unmarried parents ' applications to court for [work] , custody and access .

Detailed interviews are being conducted on a sample drawn from court records of divorced people representing men , women , pursuers , defenders , receivers and payers of maintenance .
detailed interviews are being conducted on a sample drawn from court records of divorced people representing men , women , pursuers , defenders , receivers and payers of [work] .

Employers can be used by the courts to obtain payments from those in arrears with fines , maintenance , housing and consumer credit agreements .
employers can be used by the courts to obtain payments from those in arrears with fines , [work] , housing and consumer credit agreements .

Studies of ethnic retailing examine how it fits into overall shopping patterns and its potential for the maintenance of retail centres in inner urban areas .
studies of ethnic retailing examine how it fits into overall shopping patterns and its potential for the [work] of retail centres in inner urban areas .

Language maintenance and viability in the Scottish Gaelic speech community
language [work] and viability in the scottish gaelic speech community

The project arises out of the 1984 Montgomery Report 's recommendation for research into the viability of the Gaelic language and the institutional framework of public policy-making affecting prospects for its maintenance .
the project arises out of the 1984 montgomery report 's recommendation for research into the viability of the gaelic language and the institutional framework of public policy-making affecting prospects for its [work] .

Maintenance of self-esteem and responses to stress in an ageing
[work] of self-esteem and responses to stress in an ageing

Maintenance of self-esteem is a key element in successful ageing .
[work] of self-esteem is a key element in successful ageing .

In the past poverty standards have sometimes been defined in terms of the cost of buying the minimum basket of goods regarded as necessary for the maintenance of health .
in the past poverty standards have sometimes been defined in terms of the cost of buying the minimum basket of goods regarded as necessary for the [work] of health .

Three major Islamic options are to be considered — the maintenance of Muslim tradition , or the pursuit of modernisation , or the messianic or indeed the modern fundamentalist path of revolution .
three major islamic options are to be considered — the [work] of muslim tradition , or the pursuit of modernisation , or the messianic or indeed the modern fundamentalist path of revolution .

It examines the bureaucrat-fisherman relationship in the context of the allocation of resources from government to local investment in fishing activity , a critical variable in the capitalisation of fishing enterprises and therefore in the maintenance of employment in rural areas .
it examines the bureaucrat-fisherman relationship in the context of the allocation of resources from government to local investment in fishing activity , a critical variable in the capitalisation of fishing enterprises and therefore in the [work] of employment in rural areas .

On the one hand , it is argued , people think about health maintenance and illness causation in a range of different ways , and advice will only be acted upon if it is compatible with those prior beliefs .
on the one hand , it is argued , people think about health [work] and illness causation in a range of different ways , and advice will only be acted upon if it is compatible with those prior beliefs .

the establishment and maintenance of a database of relevant work and undertaking arrangements for coordination and networking of those active in the field including cognitive scientists , educational researchers , practitioners and policy makers .
the establishment and [work] of a database of relevant work and undertaking arrangements for coordination and networking of those active in the field including cognitive scientists , educational researchers , practitioners and policy makers .

The empirical work will build on previous research conducted in London 's Green Belt , not only because the amenity value of agricultural land in the urban fringe is important to local residents but also because the poor maintenance of farmland is used as an argument for relaxing green belt restraint .
the empirical work will build on previous research conducted in london 's green belt , not only because the amenity value of agricultural land in the urban fringe is important to local residents but also because the poor [work] of farmland is used as an argument for relaxing green belt restraint .

the effects of the division of housing work between new-build , redevelopment , rehabilitation and maintenance ;
the effects of the division of housing work between new-build , redevelopment , rehabilitation and [work] ;

He added that he was glad that his acceptance would enable agreement to be reached by the boards of the three hospitals in relation to management structures , maintenance of denominational ethos and other issues which has caused uncertainty and anxiety in the past .
he added that he was glad that his acceptance would enable agreement to be reached by the boards of the three hospitals in relation to management structures , [work] of denominational ethos and other issues which has caused uncertainty and anxiety in the past .

The aim of the walk is to demonstrate opposition to prospecting , quarrying , mining , dumping and speculative developments in the area and to support the maintenance of rights of way .
the aim of the walk is to demonstrate opposition to prospecting , quarrying , mining , dumping and speculative developments in the area and to support the [work] of rights of way .

The identification of areas in which there is bipartisan agreement on the desirability of change or of the maintenance of existing services will be of particular interest .
the identification of areas in which there is bipartisan agreement on the desirability of change or of the [work] of existing services will be of particular interest .

The taking of evidence Certificates of good repute Reciprocal enforcement of maintenance orders Agricultural rent restrictions Freedom of the burgh
the taking of evidence certificates of good repute reciprocal enforcement of [work] orders agricultural rent restrictions freedom of the burgh

Reciprocal enforcement of maintenance orders
reciprocal enforcement of [work] orders

The Order is the first Order in Council made under Section 40 of the Maintenance Orders ( Reciprocal Enforcement ) Act , 1972
the order is the first order in council made under section 40 of the [work] orders ( reciprocal enforcement ) act , 1972

Blanket speed limits applied to all vehicles must be set at such a low figure as to ensure reasonable safety with the most badly designed vehicle when it is in the worst acceptable state of maintenance .
blanket speed limits applied to all vehicles must be set at such a low figure as to ensure reasonable safety with the most badly designed vehicle when it is in the worst acceptable state of [work] .

Cost of any service or maintenance charge , or liability for common repairs ; and
cost of any service or [work] charge , or liability for common repairs ; and

2 . Maintenance
2 . [work]

1992/93 maintenance had been for file-servers , high-performance PCs , and critical laser printers only .
1992/93 [work] had been for file-servers , high-performance pcs , and critical laser printers only .

Maintenance contract
[work] contract

Preparing and implementing a fault-logging and response diary , and databases for hardware and software inventories , contract and call-out maintenance reports ( including repair costs ) , consumables stock control and Health & Safety assessments .
preparing and implementing a fault-logging and response diary , and databases for hardware and software inventories , contract and call-out [work] reports ( including repair costs ) , consumables stock control and health & safety assessments .

Raise call-outs with maintenance companies and liaise with engineers , consultants and other staff .
raise call-outs with [work] companies and liaise with engineers , consultants and other staff .

Maintain the schedule of contract maintenance equipment .
maintain the schedule of contract [work] equipment .

Preventative maintenance , printer cleaning
preventative [work] , printer cleaning

Equipment under maintenance is not likely to present any problems , provided that these are correctly diagnosed .
equipment under [work] is not likely to present any problems , provided that these are correctly diagnosed .

Preventative maintenance , virus checking and anti-virus updates will be undertaken on a regular basis .
preventative [work] , virus checking and anti-virus updates will be undertaken on a regular basis .

Experience in computing , preferably in maintenance and trouble-shooting , is essential , and the successful candidate will be expected to develop a commitment to delivering an efficient service to the users .
experience in computing , preferably in [work] and trouble-shooting , is essential , and the successful candidate will be expected to develop a commitment to delivering an efficient service to the users .

These increases in capital expenditure have recurrent cost implications for repairs , maintenance and consumables .
these increases in capital expenditure have recurrent cost implications for repairs , [work] and consumables .

The maintenance contract is likely to increase to £5,000 p.a .
the [work] contract is likely to increase to £5,000 p.a .

The existing Administration file-server , due for replacement in 1992 , would form a good platform for Estates computing , running AutoCAD and the new Maintenance software .
the existing administration file-server , due for replacement in 1992 , would form a good platform for estates computing , running autocad and the new [work] software .

Maintenance 5000
[work] 5000

Maintenance 6000
[work] 6000

Maintenance 7500
[work] 7500

Estates data includes maps and documentation relating to maintenance and minor works .
estates data includes maps and documentation relating to [work] and minor works .

Files of documentation on maintenance and minor works of property and for larger projects on a separate series of files ( since 1986 )
files of documentation on [work] and minor works of property and for larger projects on a separate series of files ( since 1986 )

Use of computer ( a ) to hold maps in digital form for ready updating and graphic overlaying of services , ( b ) detailed record of all work carried out ( ie cost time , nature , etc ) on property for historical reference and future planned maintenance .
use of computer ( a ) to hold maps in digital form for ready updating and graphic overlaying of services , ( b ) detailed record of all work carried out ( ie cost time , nature , etc ) on property for historical reference and future planned [work] .

Responsibility for the running of the library loans system , including the maintenance of loan records , and the issuing of loans using paper & computer systems .
responsibility for the running of the library loans system , including the [work] of loan records , and the issuing of loans using paper & computer systems .

Responsibility for the circulation of reserved books to staff , and for the maintenance of circulation records .
responsibility for the circulation of reserved books to staff , and for the [work] of circulation records .

Staff changes and an increased workload led to the identification of the need for a Computer Support Officer to provide user support , fault diagnosis , preventative maintenance , and supplier liaison services .
staff changes and an increased workload led to the identification of the need for a computer support officer to provide user support , fault diagnosis , preventative [work] , and supplier liaison services .

Suggested Maintenance List 1993/94
suggested [work] list 1993/94

Large sums of money could easily be spent on data collection and maintenance with a very limited visible return .
large sums of money could easily be spent on data collection and [work] with a very limited visible return .

The Branch played an important role in the negotiation of a job evaluation scheme for the industry 's 30,000 technical engineering staff , who are responsible for the running of generating sets in power stations , installation and maintenance of the distribution network , construction planning , generation and transmission development , etc .
the branch played an important role in the negotiation of a job evaluation scheme for the industry 's 30,000 technical engineering staff , who are responsible for the running of generating sets in power stations , installation and [work] of the distribution network , construction planning , generation and transmission development , etc .

The program would require maintenance at very regular intervals .
the program would require [work] at very regular intervals .

This Manager was a member of Group Personnel and had a central function overseeing the future development and maintenance of the system ( eg , administering global changes ; end of year tax information ) as well as providing Dartford Site Services ( see figures 4 and 5 for the resulting organisation ) .
this manager was a member of group personnel and had a central function overseeing the future development and [work] of the system ( eg , administering global changes ; end of year tax information ) as well as providing dartford site services ( see figures 4 and 5 for the resulting organisation ) .

One day Eva and another member of staff went into town on the weekly run leaving the maintenance man the job of painting the stones .
one day eva and another member of staff went into town on the weekly run leaving the [work] man the job of painting the stones .

Adjusting to her style of leadership must have been a learning process for not only the maintenance man .
adjusting to her style of leadership must have been a learning process for not only the [work] man .

She loved their pale shining ; clean brass was a pleasure , its proper maintenance a pleasure to herself as well as to Lizzie .
she loved their pale shining ; clean brass was a pleasure , its proper [work] a pleasure to herself as well as to lizzie .

She knew that her irresistible hunger for the snipe pudding would lower the happy euphoria of the wine holding her airborne , almost exultant ; for the maintenance of that happy state more champagne was needed .
she knew that her irresistible hunger for the snipe pudding would lower the happy euphoria of the wine holding her airborne , almost exultant ; for the [work] of that happy state more champagne was needed .

Retail price maintenance still being lawful in the case of books , the publisher might well include the recommended retail price on the cover of the book ( or in an advertisement ) , only to be surprised subsequently to learn that a retailer has been selling at a different price .
retail price [work] still being lawful in the case of books , the publisher might well include the recommended retail price on the cover of the book ( or in an advertisement ) , only to be surprised subsequently to learn that a retailer has been selling at a different price .

Repairs and maintenance No one should put up with unrepaired property .
repairs and [work] no one should put up with unrepaired property .

If a single mother wants money from the father to help with the child 's upbringing , she may need to apply for maintenance payments and/or a lump sum from the father .
if a single mother wants money from the father to help with the child 's upbringing , she may need to apply for [work] payments and/or a lump sum from the father .

Divorce or separation mean thinking about arrangements for children ; maintenance ; and the division of property .
divorce or separation mean thinking about arrangements for children ; [work] ; and the division of property .

You can try to obtain maintenance and/or a lump sum payment for your children and yourself .
you can try to obtain [work] and/or a lump sum payment for your children and yourself .

You should also remember that if your circumstances change significantly , a maintenance order may be altered .
you should also remember that if your circumstances change significantly , a [work] order may be altered .

The maintenance of the right of silence in police station interviews — the Commission 's own research showed that this right is little used and has little effect on the decision of the police whether or not to prosecute or on the outcome of the proceedings .
the [work] of the right of silence in police station interviews — the commission 's own research showed that this right is little used and has little effect on the decision of the police whether or not to prosecute or on the outcome of the proceedings .

Her income support entitlement ended when she obtained maintenance at £5.00 per week but only one payment has been made this year .
her income support entitlement ended when she obtained [work] at £5.00 per week but only one payment has been made this year .

The client was not able to sign a green form to obtain advice as she was not in receipt of income support but has been advised to make a claim for income support since she is not receiving the maintenance .
the client was not able to sign a green form to obtain advice as she was not in receipt of income support but has been advised to make a claim for income support since she is not receiving the [work] .

The client originally attended the appointment to seek a divorce and sort out her problems with maintenance .
the client originally attended the appointment to seek a divorce and sort out her problems with [work] .

Weekly Maintenance
weekly [work]

Annual maintenance
annual [work]

This latest maintenance release fixes some minor bugs and will be of special interest mainly to users network users .
this latest [work] release fixes some minor bugs and will be of special interest mainly to users network users .

Cleaning a floppy disk drive should be part of a regular maintenance procedure .
cleaning a floppy disk drive should be part of a regular [work] procedure .

There is also a free three year Maintenance Plan , where you are given next day on-site support with the option of claiming £50.00 compensation per day should Ti'Ko fail to meet this obligation .
there is also a free three year [work] plan , where you are given next day on-site support with the option of claiming £50.00 compensation per day should ti'ko fail to meet this obligation .

What 's unique about Edhi 's centres are that the people in them are required to carry out all the daily chores and maintenance .
what 's unique about edhi 's centres are that the people in them are required to carry out all the daily chores and [work] .

This service is the most expensive to run because of the cost of fuel , maintenance and repairs .
this service is the most expensive to run because of the cost of fuel , [work] and repairs .

The Gas Turbine division has also played a leading role in this area and is pioneering the concept of total maintenance [ health care ] contracts for critical power packs both on and offshore .
the gas turbine division has also played a leading role in this area and is pioneering the concept of total [work] [ health care ] contracts for critical power packs both on and offshore .

Two large contracts in Kuwait were awarded to our joint venture company and some 1,000 people are now employed there providing mechanical maintenance services on Kuwait Oil Company 's oil fields .
two large contracts in kuwait were awarded to our joint venture company and some 1,000 people are now employed there providing mechanical [work] services on kuwait oil company 's oil fields .

The division was also awarded a major five year contract from National Power covering the repair and maintenance of their fleet of gas turbine driven alternators .
the division was also awarded a major five year contract from national power covering the repair and [work] of their fleet of gas turbine driven alternators .

In last year 's report , we stated that we were working hard to win some significant maintenance contracts with power generation companies .
in last year 's report , we stated that we were working hard to win some significant [work] contracts with power generation companies .

The first for Hydro Electric is for the renewal of a maintenance contract for fire alarms at their Peterhead power station , while the second is to service the fire alarm equipment at Scottish Power 's Longannet power station .
the first for hydro electric is for the renewal of a [work] contract for fire alarms at their peterhead power station , while the second is to service the fire alarm equipment at scottish power 's longannet power station .

The Company has an experienced field service group which can provide complete maintenance programmes at any location , and can also provide teams of qualified technicians to remove and reinstall engines .
the company has an experienced field service group which can provide complete [work] programmes at any location , and can also provide teams of qualified technicians to remove and reinstall engines .

To ensure the value of this significant assets , a maintenance programme must be implemented to safeguard the tubulars from wear and tear or loss through careless handling .
to ensure the value of this significant assets , a [work] programme must be implemented to safeguard the tubulars from wear and tear or loss through careless handling .

supply and maintenance of a system optimised for each plant application .
supply and [work] of a system optimised for each plant application .

This has been particularly useful in the nuclear industry where highly corrosive toxic and radioactive substances cause severe maintenance problems .
this has been particularly useful in the nuclear industry where highly corrosive toxic and radioactive substances cause severe [work] problems .

The panels , comprising a 9 mm plywood core with a high pressure , decorative laminate surface , measure 2400m × 600mm , need little or no maintenance , and are long lasting , effective , and attractive .
the panels , comprising a 9 mm plywood core with a high pressure , decorative laminate surface , measure 2400m × 600mm , need little or no [work] , and are long lasting , effective , and attractive .

The joints , when sealed with an appropriate mastic , are fully watertight , aiding the maintenance of clean conditions .
the joints , when sealed with an appropriate mastic , are fully watertight , aiding the [work] of clean conditions .

His team comprises of John Rafferty , Maintenance Manager ; Arthur Clark , Project Engineer ; George Huey , Maintenance Supervisor ; and Jim Armour , Mechanical Projects and Development Engineer .
his team comprises of john rafferty , [work] manager ; arthur clark , project engineer ; george huey , [work] supervisor ; and jim armour , mechanical projects and development engineer .

The Customer File Maintenance and Administration Credits duties were transferred to Retail Sales Administration along with the staff concerned .
the customer file [work] and administration credits duties were transferred to retail sales administration along with the staff concerned .

Stoddards Carpets Maintenance Worker Robert Kerr could never be accused of being a high flyer — but he certainly seems to be producing a few .
stoddards carpets [work] worker robert kerr could never be accused of being a high flyer — but he certainly seems to be producing a few .

One or two autos in the machine shop have excessive maintenance costs and require frequent re-setting due to age .
one or two autos in the machine shop have excessive [work] costs and require frequent re-setting due to age .

Crawford 's ‘ secret ’ daughter made newspaper headlines when a battle over maintenance payments reached court in 1969 .
crawford 's ‘ secret ’ daughter made newspaper headlines when a battle over [work] payments reached court in 1969 .

There were also queries over the battle-worthiness of aircraft and other major military hardware due to maintenance backlogs and shortages of spares .
there were also queries over the battle-worthiness of aircraft and other major military hardware due to [work] backlogs and shortages of spares .

By 1980 Iran 's total production capacity , weakened by reservoir depletion , natural pressure decline and a backlog of work on maintenance programmes accumulated over the preceding years , was assessed at just 4 million b/d .
by 1980 iran 's total production capacity , weakened by reservoir depletion , natural pressure decline and a backlog of work on [work] programmes accumulated over the preceding years , was assessed at just 4 million b/d .

Stories began to emerge about maintenance and logistical problems , to the effect that only 20 of the original 84 Tomcats supplied were operational by 1981 ( and no more than 40–50 aircraft altogether ) .
stories began to emerge about [work] and logistical problems , to the effect that only 20 of the original 84 tomcats supplied were operational by 1981 ( and no more than 40–50 aircraft altogether ) .

His father also worked there as a maintenance man , retiring after 51 years service .
his father also worked there as a [work] man , retiring after 51 years service .

After completing an apprenticeship under his father in maintenance , moved to Newark for two years before returning to Barton-on-Humber .
after completing an apprenticeship under his father in [work] , moved to newark for two years before returning to barton-on-humber .

was maintenance foreman at Hull Mill for 37 years , until his retirement in March 1992 .
was [work] foreman at hull mill for 37 years , until his retirement in march 1992 .

began his career with in June 1950 as a maintenance electrician and over the years he has worked for at Wallingford , at Newark and from 1987 for at Gainsborough .
began his career with in june 1950 as a [work] electrician and over the years he has worked for at wallingford , at newark and from 1987 for at gainsborough .

May is one of the quietest months here which gives us the chance to catch up with maintenance and work days only for a whole .
may is one of the quietest months here which gives us the chance to catch up with [work] and work days only for a whole .

joined our maintenance department on as an electrician .
joined our [work] department on as an electrician .

Three smiling members of the maintenance team : Left to right , , and apprentice .
three smiling members of the [work] team : left to right , , and apprentice .

is part of the maintenance team and knows every inch of the site having worked here since 1969. , is one of those outside ‘ non-permanent ’ additions to the staff , who will be recognised by many in the Company .
is part of the [work] team and knows every inch of the site having worked here since 1969. , is one of those outside ‘ non-permanent ’ additions to the staff , who will be recognised by many in the company .

from the maintenance team is pictured in full swing — transforming yet another corner of the maltings . Keep up the good work — it looks great !
from the [work] team is pictured in full swing — transforming yet another corner of the maltings . keep up the good work — it looks great !

Maltings engineer , ( father of ) , and the maintenance team deserve special mention in this feature for their combined skill in keeping essential plant operational and for their assistance with new installation .
maltings engineer , ( father of ) , and the [work] team deserve special mention in this feature for their combined skill in keeping essential plant operational and for their assistance with new installation .

Pictured : 579 ; 606 , maintenance fitter ; and , general manager , Louth , modelling the latest Paris fashion — a Kirkcaldy bin liner !
pictured : 579 ; 606 , [work] fitter ; and , general manager , louth , modelling the latest paris fashion — a kirkcaldy bin liner !

retired after 30 years service , working most recently in the maintenance department .
retired after 30 years service , working most recently in the [work] department .

At a time when banks are being widely and often unfairly criticised , their best response lies in the maintenance of the high standards on which their calling has always rested .
at a time when banks are being widely and often unfairly criticised , their best response lies in the [work] of the high standards on which their calling has always rested .

Equally , the maintenance of that support through a difficult period will reflect back credit on banking as a whole .
equally , the [work] of that support through a difficult period will reflect back credit on banking as a whole .

His main concern was to understand social order and its maintenance as the older institutions of control ( for example , the family and religion ) were undermined .
his main concern was to understand social order and its [work] as the older institutions of control ( for example , the family and religion ) were undermined .

Selection has favoured those organisms which have scientific , learning , rule-obeying capacities all of which contribute towards the development and maintenance of advanced societies .
selection has favoured those organisms which have scientific , learning , rule-obeying capacities all of which contribute towards the development and [work] of advanced societies .

There will be efforts at the maintenance of the house or apartment , but not much interest in improvement of housing level .
there will be efforts at the [work] of the house or apartment , but not much interest in improvement of housing level .

These may in turn pose problems as regards the maintenance of social order .
these may in turn pose problems as regards the [work] of social order .

The six stages ( feasibility study , systems investigation , systems analysis , systems design , implementation , and review and maintenance ) associated with conventional systems analysis have been well tried and tested .
the six stages ( feasibility study , systems investigation , systems analysis , systems design , implementation , and review and [work] ) associated with conventional systems analysis have been well tried and tested .

The information centre alternative can speed up the development of applications and maintenance ( as the users should be able to maintain the systems as well as develop them ) .
the information centre alternative can speed up the development of applications and [work] ( as the users should be able to maintain the systems as well as develop them ) .

The few in existence up to 1706 had their administrative authority vested , as in the continuing case of the public parish roads , in the justices of the peace at quarter sessions , but from that date , beginning with acts relating to two stretches of the road to Holyhead , in Bedfordshire and in Worcestershire , independent trustees took over the administration of the tolls and the responsibility for road maintenance .
the few in existence up to 1706 had their administrative authority vested , as in the continuing case of the public parish roads , in the justices of the peace at quarter sessions , but from that date , beginning with acts relating to two stretches of the road to holyhead , in bedfordshire and in worcestershire , independent trustees took over the administration of the tolls and the responsibility for road [work] .

Money which in the sixteenth century had played merely a marginal , though a necessary part , now became the one thing necessary for the maintenance of life … His Elizabethan master had needed money intermittently , but he needs it nearly every day , certainly every week of the year .
money which in the sixteenth century had played merely a marginal , though a necessary part , now became the one thing necessary for the [work] of life … his elizabethan master had needed money intermittently , but he needs it nearly every day , certainly every week of the year .

Their acquisition and maintenance will increasingly occupy human affairs .
their acquisition and [work] will increasingly occupy human affairs .

It is often possible to tile a large proportion of the wall for guaranteed case of maintenance .
it is often possible to tile a large proportion of the wall for guaranteed case of [work] .

Tongue-and-groove pine boarding looks good ; it should be sealed with polyurethane to protect the wood and needs hardly any maintenance — just wiping over occasionally .
tongue-and-groove pine boarding looks good ; it should be sealed with polyurethane to protect the wood and needs hardly any [work] — just wiping over occasionally .

( b ) Maintenance is made easier .
( b ) [work] is made easier .

Unfortunately some measurements could not be made at the time of the growth room trials , owing to maintenance work .
unfortunately some measurements could not be made at the time of the growth room trials , owing to [work] work .

And it is our judgment that you can and should pay at once a portion of Mistress Hussey 's dowry , so that her maintenance may be assured , and she may return to her father 's house from this court , as is her wish .
and it is our judgment that you can and should pay at once a portion of mistress hussey 's dowry , so that her [work] may be assured , and she may return to her father 's house from this court , as is her wish .

Naomi once did a motorcycle maintenance class with her and her lover .
naomi once did a motorcycle [work] class with her and her lover .

Attitudes , of individuals , families , friends , whole societies , are absolutely critical to the maintenance of mental health and the relief of distress .
attitudes , of individuals , families , friends , whole societies , are absolutely critical to the [work] of mental health and the relief of distress .

There are other treats in store for the employer who ‘ streamlines ’ production and uses outworkers apart from the fact that it is not uncommon for them to supply their own machinery , they also carry all the overheads of power , lighting , and heating , and the maintenance and cleaning of premises .
there are other treats in store for the employer who ‘ streamlines ’ production and uses outworkers apart from the fact that it is not uncommon for them to supply their own machinery , they also carry all the overheads of power , lighting , and heating , and the [work] and cleaning of premises .

On the maintenance of a flexible and dynamic industry , reform of the agricultural tenancy legislation is overdue .
on the [work] of a flexible and dynamic industry , reform of the agricultural tenancy legislation is overdue .

The Committee was told of a backlog of maintenance .
the committee was told of a backlog of [work] .

One of the problems in the public sector is that no one keeps a balance sheet , so there is no proper record of maintenance costs and of depreciating assets — whereas the business man or woman who manages a private care home is alive to the importance of maintenance , and of protecting the value of that asset .
one of the problems in the public sector is that no one keeps a balance sheet , so there is no proper record of [work] costs and of depreciating assets — whereas the business man or woman who manages a private care home is alive to the importance of [work] , and of protecting the value of that asset .

Wherefore your petitioners pray that your honourable House halt the contracting out of the maintenance of the Royal Parks .
wherefore your petitioners pray that your honourable house halt the contracting out of the [work] of the royal parks .

Under article 99 of the charter , the Secretary-General may bring to the attention of the Security Council any matter which , in his opinion , may threaten the maintenance of international peace and security .
under article 99 of the charter , the secretary-general may bring to the attention of the security council any matter which , in his opinion , may threaten the [work] of international peace and security .

How can the Prime Minister possibly justify spending £23,000 million in capital and maintenance on a missile system which does not work properly , which does not deter , which is not independent and against whom there is now no one to target it ?
how can the prime minister possibly justify spending £23,000 million in capital and [work] on a missile system which does not work properly , which does not deter , which is not independent and against whom there is now no one to target it ?

At the meeting on 18 November , will there be a clear discussion about the eight-day tie-up regulations which , one year on , are now seen as the most hated and despised aspect of the conservation policy , bringing financial hardship , fear and life-threatening situations to our coastal communities ? If the Government are not prepared to abolish that most ineffective policy , will they at least consider flexibility in the application of the rules , taking particular account of men who are kept on shore because of bad weather or boat maintenance ?
at the meeting on 18 november , will there be a clear discussion about the eight-day tie-up regulations which , one year on , are now seen as the most hated and despised aspect of the conservation policy , bringing financial hardship , fear and life-threatening situations to our coastal communities ? if the government are not prepared to abolish that most ineffective policy , will they at least consider flexibility in the application of the rules , taking particular account of men who are kept on shore because of bad weather or boat [work] ?

As she will know , from next April a £15 maintenance disregard will , for the first time , be applied to family credit .
as she will know , from next april a £15 [work] disregard will , for the first time , be applied to family credit .

Many of those properties were either undergoing or awaiting major maintenance work or modernisation , some were already allotted to service families who were due to move in shortly and others were being considered for disposal .
many of those properties were either undergoing or awaiting major [work] work or modernisation , some were already allotted to service families who were due to move in shortly and others were being considered for disposal .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that defence cuts of £6 billion would lead to a massive loss of jobs in defence industries throughout the country ? Does he further agree about the hypocrisy of those who call on the one hand for the maintenance of defence contracts in public and , on the other , plan in private for defence reductions ?
does my right hon. friend agree that defence cuts of £6 billion would lead to a massive loss of jobs in defence industries throughout the country ? does he further agree about the hypocrisy of those who call on the one hand for the [work] of defence contracts in public and , on the other , plan in private for defence reductions ?

Will my hon. Friend confirm that , when the Education ( Schools ) Bill becomes law , local education authorities will still have an absolute right to inspect the schools that they maintain , whenever they want to , so that they are always aware of the maintenance that needs to be done ?
will my hon. friend confirm that , when the education ( schools ) bill becomes law , local education authorities will still have an absolute right to inspect the schools that they maintain , whenever they want to , so that they are always aware of the [work] that needs to be done ?

Cleveland Schools ( Maintenance )
cleveland schools ( [work] )

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science what representations he has received about the level of expenditure on maintenance for Cleveland 's schools ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science what representations he has received about the level of expenditure on [work] for cleveland 's schools ; and if he will make a statement .

Is the Minister aware that Cleveland 's schools need a £50 million maintenance programme ? His Department has not allocated a single penny to that programme for 1992-93 . Is that part of the disgraceful , phoney citizens charter ?
is the minister aware that cleveland 's schools need a £50 million [work] programme ? his department has not allocated a single penny to that programme for 1992-93 . is that part of the disgraceful , phoney citizens charter ?

My hon. Friend will be aware of reports coming out of Russia of grave concern about the maintenance and decommissioning of the vast ex-Soviet nuclear stockpile . Is it possible for us to provide facilities , skills and help from the Atomic Energy Authority to help them with that difficult problem ?
my hon. friend will be aware of reports coming out of russia of grave concern about the [work] and decommissioning of the vast ex-soviet nuclear stockpile . is it possible for us to provide facilities , skills and help from the atomic energy authority to help them with that difficult problem ?

Friend is right to draw attention to the connection between the maintenance of a democratic system and a change in economic structures .
friend is right to draw attention to the connection between the [work] of a democratic system and a change in economic structures .

Gentleman knows that many local authorities could use quicker reletting procedures and faster procedures for the repair and maintenance of properties to reduce the gap between one tenant leaving and another moving in .
gentleman knows that many local authorities could use quicker reletting procedures and faster procedures for the repair and [work] of properties to reduce the gap between one tenant leaving and another moving in .

Did the Minister discuss with the unions concerned the maintenance of free collective bargaining and union recognition in the agencies ? Will he take this opportunity to give a categorical assurance that none of the agencies will be allowed or encouraged to derecognise any of the civil service trade unions ?
did the minister discuss with the unions concerned the [work] of free collective bargaining and union recognition in the agencies ? will he take this opportunity to give a categorical assurance that none of the agencies will be allowed or encouraged to derecognise any of the civil service trade unions ?

Additional funds have been made available for the purpose and , accordingly , the reforms — including the establishment of trusts — cause no adverse effects on the hospital maintenance programme .
additional funds have been made available for the purpose and , accordingly , the reforms — including the establishment of trusts — cause no adverse effects on the hospital [work] programme .

Roads Maintenance
roads [work]

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what plans he has to increase the funds allocated to roads maintenance in the next financial year .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what plans he has to increase the funds allocated to roads [work] in the next financial year .

It is planned to increase funding for the operation and maintenance of roads , and associated bridges , in the 1992-93 financial year by £3.2 million to £65.3 million .
it is planned to increase funding for the operation and [work] of roads , and associated bridges , in the 1992-93 financial year by £3.2 million to £65.3 million .

The receipts received by us on the consultation document about the directive show that the Contract Cleaning and Maintenance Association claims that some 40 per cent .
the receipts received by us on the consultation document about the directive show that the contract cleaning and [work] association claims that some 40 per cent .

This matter is currently under consideration by the chief executive of the maintenance group defence support agency .
this matter is currently under consideration by the chief executive of the [work] group defence support agency .

On the question of democracy in the republic of South Africa , does the right hon. Lady agree that our objective should be to ensure that the white electorate fully appreciates that South Africa will face unprecedented international isolation should there be a ’ No ’ vote in this month 's referendum ? Should not we support the negotiating process now under way through the Conference for a Democratic South Africa , and so secure the maintenance of international pressure for rapid progress towards a new , genuinely democratic constitutional order ? Will those be the objectives of this Government this month , as they will be the objectives of the Labour Government next month ?
on the question of democracy in the republic of south africa , does the right hon. lady agree that our objective should be to ensure that the white electorate fully appreciates that south africa will face unprecedented international isolation should there be a ’ no ’ vote in this month 's referendum ? should not we support the negotiating process now under way through the conference for a democratic south africa , and so secure the [work] of international pressure for rapid progress towards a new , genuinely democratic constitutional order ? will those be the objectives of this government this month , as they will be the objectives of the labour government next month ?

We will not support the Government 's proposals in relation to the maintenance of quality in higher education because we think that it is wrong for the people who determine quality in higher education to be the same as those who determine funding —
we will not support the government 's proposals in relation to the [work] of quality in higher education because we think that it is wrong for the people who determine quality in higher education to be the same as those who determine funding —

What is so damaging to the maintenance of educational standards is the perverse belief of the Secretary of State that to secure competition between the providers of education , there must be competition between the regulators .
what is so damaging to the [work] of educational standards is the perverse belief of the secretary of state that to secure competition between the providers of education , there must be competition between the regulators .

It will become impossible to secure any sensible maintenance of a consistent standard of education .
it will become impossible to secure any sensible [work] of a consistent standard of education .

Faced with four alternative approaches to valuation — whether it should be based on capital values , rental values , maintenance costs or rebuilding costs — its choice was not to go for one of them , or even a mixture of two of them , but to go for all four of them .
faced with four alternative approaches to valuation — whether it should be based on capital values , rental values , [work] costs or rebuilding costs — its choice was not to go for one of them , or even a mixture of two of them , but to go for all four of them .

The Minister is disingenuous , because he did not mention the twin-track approach that local authorities have been asked to operate — not only the introduction of the new tax , but the maintenance of the poll tax .
the minister is disingenuous , because he did not mention the twin-track approach that local authorities have been asked to operate — not only the introduction of the new tax , but the [work] of the poll tax .

Our view then , which is undiminished today and is at the centre of the debate , is that it ought not to be the function of the social security system to support students , not only because of the administrative burden placed on the Department 's local benefit offices and local authorities , but because there already exists a maintenance system for those in full-time education .
our view then , which is undiminished today and is at the centre of the debate , is that it ought not to be the function of the social security system to support students , not only because of the administrative burden placed on the department 's local benefit offices and local authorities , but because there already exists a [work] system for those in full-time education .

The educational maintenance system is specifically designed with the financial needs of students in mind and we have made substantial new resources available to ensure that those needs are met .
the educational [work] system is specifically designed with the financial needs of students in mind and we have made substantial new resources available to ensure that those needs are met .

There is assistance available for students ' education through the educational maintenance system and what is currently in operation is the best method for the support of students .
there is assistance available for students ' education through the educational [work] system and what is currently in operation is the best method for the support of students .

Has the Leader of the House seen early-day motion 148 about the disgraceful closure of Coventry colliery with the loss of 1,300 jobs ? [ That this House condemns British Coal for its closure of the Coventry Colliery at Keresely with the loss of 1,300 jobs , completed in a mere 13 days from the announcement of the decision to the working of the last shift ; believes that the pit is not abandoned but mothballed with 40 million tonnes of good quality reserves of medium sulphur content which will be kept on a care and maintenance basis until a link-up is organised by a privatised Daw Mill Colliery should the Government be re-elected ; condemns British Coal 's refusal to attend two meetings of local authority and parish councillors , local honourable Members of this House and church representatives and notes the absence at the meetings of 24th October and 11th November of the local Tory honourable Members ; and calls for a public inquiry into the methods of the closure and the false economics which talk of losses ' yet fail to take into account the future cost to public funds of lost production and taxes paid , and of dole and unemployment payments to be made . ]
has the leader of the house seen early-day motion 148 about the disgraceful closure of coventry colliery with the loss of 1,300 jobs ? [ that this house condemns british coal for its closure of the coventry colliery at keresely with the loss of 1,300 jobs , completed in a mere 13 days from the announcement of the decision to the working of the last shift ; believes that the pit is not abandoned but mothballed with 40 million tonnes of good quality reserves of medium sulphur content which will be kept on a care and [work] basis until a link-up is organised by a privatised daw mill colliery should the government be re-elected ; condemns british coal 's refusal to attend two meetings of local authority and parish councillors , local honourable members of this house and church representatives and notes the absence at the meetings of 24th october and 11th november of the local tory honourable members ; and calls for a public inquiry into the methods of the closure and the false economics which talk of losses ' yet fail to take into account the future cost to public funds of lost production and taxes paid , and of dole and unemployment payments to be made . ]

We felt , however , that the accuracy of the new system , the flexibility of use that the extended range afforded and the improved refit and maintenance arrangements all meant that it would be easier to have at least one boat available at all times , although we were to have only three .
we felt , however , that the accuracy of the new system , the flexibility of use that the extended range afforded and the improved refit and [work] arrangements all meant that it would be easier to have at least one boat available at all times , although we were to have only three .

Our view is that the maintenance , deployment and continued support for the sea-launched ballistic missile programmes of both Polaris and Trident would be sufficient for us to make a contribution to the defence of the west and of these islands .
our view is that the [work] , deployment and continued support for the sea-launched ballistic missile programmes of both polaris and trident would be sufficient for us to make a contribution to the defence of the west and of these islands .

Our restructuring of the support arrangements also means that students ' maintenance costs are now shared more fairly between the students themselves , their parents and the taxpayer .
our restructuring of the support arrangements also means that students ' [work] costs are now shared more fairly between the students themselves , their parents and the taxpayer .

‘ You do n't sound too certain ? ’ Again his gaze was intent , and not for the first time Robbie cursed the need for evasion , the maintenance of her fiction concerning Hugh .
‘ you do n't sound too certain ? ’ again his gaze was intent , and not for the first time robbie cursed the need for evasion , the [work] of her fiction concerning hugh .

Milton 's maintenance of the traditional Renaissance literary values of art , imitation , and exercise allowed him to be appropriated by a culturally elitist agenda indivisibly caught up with an elitist social and political agenda .
milton 's [work] of the traditional renaissance literary values of art , imitation , and exercise allowed him to be appropriated by a culturally elitist agenda indivisibly caught up with an elitist social and political agenda .

Existence depends on mutability because the conditions of the world make the maintenance of ‘ one guise ’ impossible .
existence depends on mutability because the conditions of the world make the [work] of ‘ one guise ’ impossible .

Irenius begins his account with an expression of anxiety which reveals a number of linked issues which constantly crop up in Spenser 's writing : the establishment and maintenance of true religion and civilisation within a pattern of human development predetermined by the divine .
irenius begins his account with an expression of anxiety which reveals a number of linked issues which constantly crop up in spenser 's writing : the establishment and [work] of true religion and civilisation within a pattern of human development predetermined by the divine .

What the structure tries to provoke , though , is an awareness that the maintenance of self-control is the means by which the wider social and ultimately religious fabric is controlled .
what the structure tries to provoke , though , is an awareness that the [work] of self-control is the means by which the wider social and ultimately religious fabric is controlled .

The maintenance of the castle is more than a concerted defence of the ordered interior against the disorderly exterior .
the [work] of the castle is more than a concerted defence of the ordered interior against the disorderly exterior .

This model of socialism has involved some limited changes in economic ownership , but in practice has invariably amounted to little more than state direction of predominantly privately owned economic activity , and the maintenance of some minimum standards of social provision for all .
this model of socialism has involved some limited changes in economic ownership , but in practice has invariably amounted to little more than state direction of predominantly privately owned economic activity , and the [work] of some minimum standards of social provision for all .

Spanners , for example , are used in car maintenance ; hacksaws in metalwork , screwdrivers in electrical work and so on .
spanners , for example , are used in car [work] ; hacksaws in metalwork , screwdrivers in electrical work and so on .

The more valves you fit in a system , the easier it will be to carry out maintenance or replacement .
the more valves you fit in a system , the easier it will be to carry out [work] or replacement .

Servicing valves should be fitted in both the inlet and outlet pipes of the softener so that it can be removed or isolated for maintenance without the need to turn off the mains water supply .
servicing valves should be fitted in both the inlet and outlet pipes of the softener so that it can be removed or isolated for [work] without the need to turn off the mains water supply .

The cistern must be positioned away from draughts and dirty locations and must be accessible for maintenance ( at least 350mm clearance above ) .
the cistern must be positioned away from draughts and dirty locations and must be accessible for [work] ( at least 350mm clearance above ) .

No valves should be fitted in the vent pipe leading to the cold water storage cistern , but it helps for maintenance if servicing valves are fitted in the hot water pipes .
no valves should be fitted in the vent pipe leading to the cold water storage cistern , but it helps for [work] if servicing valves are fitted in the hot water pipes .

Compression or union capillary fittings should be used for the final connections to the cylinder so that it can be easily removed for maintenance .
compression or union capillary fittings should be used for the final connections to the cylinder so that it can be easily removed for [work] .

16.5.4 Software for Thesaurus Maintenance
16.5.4 software for thesaurus [work]

Software to support thesaurus maintenance should offer certain facilities . These could briefly be listed as :
software to support thesaurus [work] should offer certain facilities . these could briefly be listed as :

Thesaurus maintenance during indexing .
thesaurus [work] during indexing .

These are equally crucial conditions for the maintenance of democratic government .
these are equally crucial conditions for the [work] of democratic government .

He was engaged in the great love of his life : writing a treatise on the maintenance of law in the city of London .
he was engaged in the great love of his life : writing a treatise on the [work] of law in the city of london .

They offer the advantages of cheapness , ease of operation and simple maintenance , and are ideal for routine petrographic purposes .
they offer the advantages of cheapness , ease of operation and simple [work] , and are ideal for routine petrographic purposes .

Delicate arrangements are required to maintain the controlled gas leak and these are prone to wear and maintenance problems .
delicate arrangements are required to maintain the controlled gas leak and these are prone to wear and [work] problems .

This Act specified the responsibilities of LEAs and governors for the maintenance of voluntary schools , and of LEAs in some circumstances for the enlargement of controlled schools .
this act specified the responsibilities of leas and governors for the [work] of voluntary schools , and of leas in some circumstances for the enlargement of controlled schools .

In Scotland , these were schools that received part of their maintenance expenditure from the government .
in scotland , these were schools that received part of their [work] expenditure from the government .

( 4368 in number in January 1988 , roughly half Church of England and half Roman Catholic ) provide their own premises and meet some of the maintenance costs in exchange for a degree of control .
( 4368 in number in january 1988 , roughly half church of england and half roman catholic ) provide their own premises and meet some of the [work] costs in exchange for a degree of control .

Audio-visual technicians are responsible for the operation and maintenance of audio-visual equipment .
audio-visual technicians are responsible for the operation and [work] of audio-visual equipment .

These figures were virtually unchanged when war broke out with Spain in 1739 ; but lack of maintenance under the Walpole regime meant that she had only 35 of the line fit for immediate use .
these figures were virtually unchanged when war broke out with spain in 1739 ; but lack of [work] under the walpole regime meant that she had only 35 of the line fit for immediate use .

The practice , in issue in this case , ‘ collective resale price maintenance , ’ was invalidated by the Resale Prices Act 1964 .
the practice , in issue in this case , ‘ collective resale price [work] , ’ was invalidated by the resale prices act 1964 .

It is settled law that a wife , despite such a clause as clause 3 , can make application to the magistrates or to the High Court for maintenance .
it is settled law that a wife , despite such a clause as clause 3 , can make application to the magistrates or to the high court for [work] .

Her right to maintenance was not lost by desertion .
her right to [work] was not lost by desertion .

If she made a genuine offer to return which he rejected , she would have been entitled to maintenance from him .
if she made a genuine offer to return which he rejected , she would have been entitled to [work] from him .

If a maintenance agreement includes a provision purporting to restrict any right to apply to a court for an order containing financial arrangements , then —
if a [work] agreement includes a provision purporting to restrict any right to apply to a court for an order containing financial arrangements , then —

In this and in section 35 below — ‘ maintenance agreement ’ means any agreement in writing made , whether before or after the commencement of this Act , between the parties to a marriage , being —
in this and in section 35 below — ‘ [work] agreement ’ means any agreement in writing made , whether before or after the commencement of this act , between the parties to a marriage , being —

The scope of a similar provision of the Maintenance Agreements Act 1957 , has been the object of controversy . It has been suggested ( 78 Law Notes 177 ) that it validates agreements for maintenance even if there is no other consideration for such agreement than the abstention from application to the court ; the words ,
the scope of a similar provision of the [work] agreements act 1957 , has been the object of controversy . it has been suggested ( 78 law notes 177 ) that it validates agreements for [work] even if there is no other consideration for such agreement than the abstention from application to the court ; the words ,

It is interesting to note in this example how the dependent churches were responsible for the maintenance of sections of the churchyard wall of the mother church ; similar examples exist elsewhere .
it is interesting to note in this example how the dependent churches were responsible for the [work] of sections of the churchyard wall of the mother church ; similar examples exist elsewhere .

Women are not only responsible for the care , education and development of their children , but also for the maintenance of the family circle .
women are not only responsible for the care , education and development of their children , but also for the [work] of the family circle .

Johnson Matthey 's investment in research and development is vital to the future growth of the company and the maintenance of our world leadership in many important areas of activity .
johnson matthey 's investment in research and development is vital to the future growth of the company and the [work] of our world leadership in many important areas of activity .

These office buildings are maintained in such condition that their value does not diminish and the cost of maintenance is charged to operating profit .
these office buildings are maintained in such condition that their value does not diminish and the cost of [work] is charged to operating profit .

He underlines Nithard 's insistence on what nowadays might be called line-management : he reveals that a manager 's problem in the Carolingian palace was the maintenance of good order and morale among the often unruly yet indispensable `` crowd `` of young noblemen who were deployed on a variety of tasks and errands , especially of a military sort .
he underlines nithard 's insistence on what nowadays might be called line-management : he reveals that a manager 's problem in the carolingian palace was the [work] of good order and morale among the often unruly yet indispensable `` crowd `` of young noblemen who were deployed on a variety of tasks and errands , especially of a military sort .

In many cases , the community 's total landholdings were divided , so that a share known as the mensa ( `` the table `` ) was earmarked for the community 's maintenance , the rest being available for the lay-abbot 's management and the king 's service .
in many cases , the community 's total landholdings were divided , so that a share known as the mensa ( `` the table `` ) was earmarked for the community 's [work] , the rest being available for the lay-abbot 's management and the king 's service .

The maintenance of a united front between Louis and Charles was the only way to bring Lothar to negotiate the secure peace that would benefit everyone .
the [work] of a united front between louis and charles was the only way to bring lothar to negotiate the secure peace that would benefit everyone .

In a recent telephone conversation you told me that your department would include the War Memorial in Scorton under your grounds maintenance scheme and that this would include the cleaning of the actual memorial cross itself .
in a recent telephone conversation you told me that your department would include the war memorial in scorton under your grounds [work] scheme and that this would include the cleaning of the actual memorial cross itself .

Wyre Borough is responsible for the maintenance of Scorton playing field and the upkeep of the play equipment and the seats and also for the maintenance of the War Memorial in the village .
wyre borough is responsible for the [work] of scorton playing field and the upkeep of the play equipment and the seats and also for the [work] of the war memorial in the village .

It was recalled that when the Community Charge was introduced and differential rating for the rural areas of the borough ceased , to compensate the rural areas the Borough Council undertook to pay Parish Clerks ' salaries and to be responsible for the maintenance of playing fields .
it was recalled that when the community charge was introduced and differential rating for the rural areas of the borough ceased , to compensate the rural areas the borough council undertook to pay parish clerks ' salaries and to be responsible for the [work] of playing fields .

Grounds Maintenance Area around Public Conveniences Scorton
grounds [work] area around public conveniences scorton

In order to compensate for this the Borough Council took on the responsibility for payment of the Parish Clerk 's salary and the maintenance of parish playing fields .
in order to compensate for this the borough council took on the responsibility for payment of the parish clerk 's salary and the [work] of parish playing fields .

Grounds Maintenance Contract — Scorton Playing Field
grounds [work] contract — scorton playing field

The understanding was that the Borough Council provided and installed this seat and the Parish Council was then responsible for its maintenance .
the understanding was that the borough council provided and installed this seat and the parish council was then responsible for its [work] .

The understanding was that the Borough Council provided and installed this seat and the Parish Council was then responsible for its maintenance .
the understanding was that the borough council provided and installed this seat and the parish council was then responsible for its [work] .

The concerns of administration used to be the maintenance of law and regulation , the sustaining of working relationships with voluntary organizations and denominational bodies and the planning and maintenance of programmes across a range of responsibilities .
the concerns of administration used to be the [work] of law and regulation , the sustaining of working relationships with voluntary organizations and denominational bodies and the planning and [work] of programmes across a range of responsibilities .

In the decentralizing of money management , ambiguities also arose in connection with buildings ( where were the dividing lines between repairs , maintenance and improvements ? )
in the decentralizing of money management , ambiguities also arose in connection with buildings ( where were the dividing lines between repairs , [work] and improvements ? )

As loyalty and friendship among the officials and staff is an old established tradition of the Society , this magazine is being published as a help towards the maintenance of that tradition .
as loyalty and friendship among the officials and staff is an old established tradition of the society , this magazine is being published as a help towards the [work] of that tradition .

Installing a pond may be expensive and time consuming but , thereafter , little maintenance is required .
installing a pond may be expensive and time consuming but , thereafter , little [work] is required .

In the context of changing national and international social and economic conditions , the maintenance of an inflexible , narrow political framework became increasingly untenable .
in the context of changing national and international social and economic conditions , the [work] of an inflexible , narrow political framework became increasingly untenable .

The cost per student would be £8300 , made up of fees ( £3950 ) and maintenance ( £4300 ) .
the cost per student would be £8300 , made up of fees ( £3950 ) and [work] ( £4300 ) .

organisation and control of the working environment , including the workspace , access for maintenance , lighting , noise and thermal conditions
organisation and control of the working environment , including the workspace , access for [work] , lighting , noise and thermal conditions

In this sense the wartime consensus was an illusion based on the extrapolation of wartime solidarity into peacetime and on the fact that all that was required was the maintenance of full employment , not its creation anew .
in this sense the wartime consensus was an illusion based on the extrapolation of wartime solidarity into peacetime and on the fact that all that was required was the [work] of full employment , not its creation anew .

However poor , a child who passed the hurdle of the special place examination would get an education which would open up university or further training and , if not that , a white-collar , clean , respectable job — and in many cases an allowance to help with his or her maintenance .
however poor , a child who passed the hurdle of the special place examination would get an education which would open up university or further training and , if not that , a white-collar , clean , respectable job — and in many cases an allowance to help with his or her [work] .

Several authorities increased their maintenance allowances , paid to the children of very poor families to stay on at secondary school , –5 to compensate for the failure to raise the school leaving age to fifteen , scheduled to take place in 1939 , but held back by the war .
several authorities increased their [work] allowances , paid to the children of very poor families to stay on at secondary school , –5 to compensate for the failure to raise the school leaving age to fifteen , scheduled to take place in 1939 , but held back by the war .

From 1940 political activity was damped down not only by the maintenance of the electoral truce but also by a suspension of local government elections .
from 1940 political activity was damped down not only by the [work] of the electoral truce but also by a suspension of local government elections .

He thus took as his starting point three major reforms which had not yet been accepted by the government , namely the establishment of family allowances , the creation of a national health service , and the maintenance by government policy of a ‘ high and stable level ’ of employment .
he thus took as his starting point three major reforms which had not yet been accepted by the government , namely the establishment of family allowances , the creation of a national health service , and the [work] by government policy of a ‘ high and stable level ’ of employment .

The possibility of automatization of tasks at the tactical or even strategical level appears to be consistent with views of driver behaviour which regard normal driving as being primarily controlled by the simple maintenance of safety margins ( e.g .
the possibility of automatization of tasks at the tactical or even strategical level appears to be consistent with views of driver behaviour which regard normal driving as being primarily controlled by the simple [work] of safety margins ( e.g .

It therefore follows that technical personnel are assigned to divisions on the basis of discipline , and for the purpose of accountability , control and maintenance of professional standards .
it therefore follows that technical personnel are assigned to divisions on the basis of discipline , and for the purpose of accountability , control and [work] of professional standards .

In terms of the future of design and build , much greater emphasis is being placed in extending the services we offer — both at the front end , with planning development and funding expertise being marketed , and in terms of aftercare where new services in planned maintenance and facilities management are being developed .
in terms of the future of design and build , much greater emphasis is being placed in extending the services we offer — both at the front end , with planning development and funding expertise being marketed , and in terms of aftercare where new services in planned [work] and facilities management are being developed .

The maintenance of control over Rome itself was an inspiration of all popes — as old as the history of the papacy .
the [work] of control over rome itself was an inspiration of all popes — as old as the history of the papacy .

These were the men who formed the main links between the papal curia and the Church at large and who were charged with the maintenance of orthodoxy in their dioceses .
these were the men who formed the main links between the papal curia and the church at large and who were charged with the [work] of orthodoxy in their dioceses .

Exemptions from paying tithes and from visitation were granted to the Order , for the Cistercians had their own developed machinery of the general chapter which met annually at Cîteaux to ensure the maintenance of the rule .
exemptions from paying tithes and from visitation were granted to the order , for the cistercians had their own developed machinery of the general chapter which met annually at cîteaux to ensure the [work] of the rule .

The Survey itself lacks the funding to underpin complete systematic re-mapping , but it can and does make use of information gained in the course of university research , in the pursuit of its refinement and maintenance of the map , and in pursuing research of strategic or economic significance .
the survey itself lacks the funding to underpin complete systematic re-mapping , but it can and does make use of information gained in the course of university research , in the pursuit of its refinement and [work] of the map , and in pursuing research of strategic or economic significance .

With a length of 116 metres , a width of 18 metres and a depth of 6.9 metres over the sill , it enabled the larger steamers now frequenting the port to have repairs and maintenance carried out in modern facilities .
with a length of 116 metres , a width of 18 metres and a depth of 6.9 metres over the sill , it enabled the larger steamers now frequenting the port to have repairs and [work] carried out in modern facilities .

And she was delighted and discumknockerated when the King of the Diddymen took time off to congratulate her on her forthcoming wedding to Springfields maintenance fitter Tony Lindsay .
and she was delighted and discumknockerated when the king of the diddymen took time off to congratulate her on her forthcoming wedding to springfields [work] fitter tony lindsay .

Ron Pattison , Engineering and Maintenance Service Works Manager , presented Harry with a set of brass candlesticks .
ron pattison , engineering and [work] service works manager , presented harry with a set of brass candlesticks .

Such methods were increasingly copied and applied within the official investigations of the state itself , and became an important element in its maintenance and extension .
such methods were increasingly copied and applied within the official investigations of the state itself , and became an important element in its [work] and extension .

The survey has changed from being an instrument devoted to demonstrating the need for a welfare state into a central feature of its maintenance and administration .
the survey has changed from being an instrument devoted to demonstrating the need for a welfare state into a central feature of its [work] and administration .

He also tendered low for a host of tiny contracts — sidings , drains , realignments , even routine maintenance — things he would not normally bother with .
he also tendered low for a host of tiny contracts — sidings , drains , realignments , even routine [work] — things he would not normally bother with .

Maintenance of order would henceforth be the responsibility of the Interior Ministry and the police .
[work] of order would henceforth be the responsibility of the interior ministry and the police .

However , they called for the maintenance of international sanctions until a new political dispensation was in place .
however , they called for the [work] of international sanctions until a new political dispensation was in place .

It included the introduction of new taxes , the raising of charges for fuel and power , the maintenance of petrol prices at a high level ( despite the unrest caused by recent increases — see p. 37919 ) , and the establishment of a 9 per cent duty on imports , which last was expected to raise over $ 700,000,000 annually .
it included the introduction of new taxes , the raising of charges for fuel and power , the [work] of petrol prices at a high level ( despite the unrest caused by recent increases — see p. 37919 ) , and the establishment of a 9 per cent duty on imports , which last was expected to raise over $ 700,000,000 annually .

On June 16 the Legislative Yuan approved a bill to abolish the `` thought police `` system , a mechanism which had involved the maintenance of special units in government offices whose function was to monitor the discipline and behaviour of civil servants , and to examine their loyalty to the ruling Kuomintang .
on june 16 the legislative yuan approved a bill to abolish the `` thought police `` system , a mechanism which had involved the [work] of special units in government offices whose function was to monitor the discipline and behaviour of civil servants , and to examine their loyalty to the ruling kuomintang .

Maintenance and financing arrangements were set out , dividing the expense between the two parties .
[work] and financing arrangements were set out , dividing the expense between the two parties .

June 26 : reaffirmation of Bulgaria 's support for the maintenance of Yugoslavia 's territorial integrity .
june 26 : reaffirmation of bulgaria 's support for the [work] of yugoslavia 's territorial integrity .

Under the controversial Clause 7 of the new act , 100 or more residents would be allowed to draft and enforce `` norms and standards `` of maintenance and density in their neighbourhood .
under the controversial clause 7 of the new act , 100 or more residents would be allowed to draft and enforce `` norms and standards `` of [work] and density in their neighbourhood .

It also allowed for a renewable one-year freeze on challenges by the courts to six ordinances related to the maintenance of law and order .
it also allowed for a renewable one-year freeze on challenges by the courts to six ordinances related to the [work] of law and order .

" Political union … The European Council considers that the Union should be based on the following principles … : full maintenance of the acquis communautaire and development thereof , a single institutional framework with procedures appropriate to the requirements of the various spheres of action , the evolving nature of the process of integration or union , the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of economic and social cohesion …
" political union … the european council considers that the union should be based on the following principles … : full [work] of the acquis communautaire and development thereof , a single institutional framework with procedures appropriate to the requirements of the various spheres of action , the evolving nature of the process of integration or union , the principle of subsidiarity and the principle of economic and social cohesion …

The terms of the 1977 defence treaty between Djibouti and France allowed for France to respond to a request for military intervention if Djibouti 's frontiers were threatened by " foreign armed forces " , but not , according to Le Monde of Nov. 19 , if the request concerned the " maintenance or restoration of public order inside the territory " .
the terms of the 1977 defence treaty between djibouti and france allowed for france to respond to a request for military intervention if djibouti 's frontiers were threatened by " foreign armed forces " , but not , according to le monde of nov. 19 , if the request concerned the " [work] or restoration of public order inside the territory " .

The government placed great emphasis on ideological and political education and the maintenance of a correct socialist line .
the government placed great emphasis on ideological and political education and the [work] of a correct socialist line .

The Maintenance of Religious Harmony Bill provided for fines and imprisonment for those found guilty of heightening tension between members of different faiths , of inciting others to defy or challenge secular government policies , or to mobilize followers for subversion .
the [work] of religious harmony bill provided for fines and imprisonment for those found guilty of heightening tension between members of different faiths , of inciting others to defy or challenge secular government policies , or to mobilize followers for subversion .

Following Rocard 's visit , France set up a trade mission and subsequently agreed to provide military training and offered to build a military maintenance centre .
following rocard 's visit , france set up a trade mission and subsequently agreed to provide military training and offered to build a military [work] centre .

The sanctions anticipated for April 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from Libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft components from Libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the Libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in Libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of Libyan Arab Airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of Libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .
the sanctions anticipated for april 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or [work] services , aircraft and aircraft components from libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of libyan arab airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .

The Security Council took a position on the broader issue of Libyan sponsorship of `` terrorist groups `` , noting that the `` suppression of acts of international terrorism … is essential for the maintenance of international peace and security `` .
the security council took a position on the broader issue of libyan sponsorship of `` terrorist groups `` , noting that the `` suppression of acts of international terrorism … is essential for the [work] of international peace and security `` .

The Warri refinery had reportedly cut output to 80,000 barrels per day after power supply problems , while the Port Harcourt refinery had been disrupted by routine maintenance work .
the warri refinery had reportedly cut output to 80,000 barrels per day after power supply problems , while the port harcourt refinery had been disrupted by routine [work] work .

Giving cautious backing to the Dengist campaign , Li nevertheless warned that the maintenance of social and political stability was the `` prerequisite for reform `` , and that the government had to `` be on the watch for any ideological trend towards bourgeois liberalization , … otherwise there will be serious consequences `` .
giving cautious backing to the dengist campaign , li nevertheless warned that the [work] of social and political stability was the `` prerequisite for reform `` , and that the government had to `` be on the watch for any ideological trend towards bourgeois liberalization , … otherwise there will be serious consequences `` .

On average over 78 per cent supported the maintenance of the status quo , although the number of votes in favour varied from 29 to 95 per cent , depending on the nationality of the voters in different areas .
on average over 78 per cent supported the [work] of the status quo , although the number of votes in favour varied from 29 to 95 per cent , depending on the nationality of the voters in different areas .

This in turn contributed to the maintenance of full employment .
this in turn contributed to the [work] of full employment .

The Enterprise Centre will continue to co-ordinate the future development and maintenance of the employer database .
the enterprise centre will continue to co-ordinate the future development and [work] of the employer database .

There are large areas in which the normal agricultural yield is thoroughly adequate for the maintenance and accumulation of energy , a fact well shown not only by doubling of our population in the eighteenth century , but also by the evidence of energy to spare for the graces of life whether in the form of meteorological recording , tours to the Lake District , walnut furniture or epistolary accomplishment .
there are large areas in which the normal agricultural yield is thoroughly adequate for the [work] and accumulation of energy , a fact well shown not only by doubling of our population in the eighteenth century , but also by the evidence of energy to spare for the graces of life whether in the form of meteorological recording , tours to the lake district , walnut furniture or epistolary accomplishment .

2.1 It is widely recognised that English law is defective in failing to provide satisfactory machinery for the imposition on freehold land of positive obligations ( such as obligations to repair and to contribute to communal maintenance costs ) which can then be enforced against successors in title to the original owner of the land .
2.1 it is widely recognised that english law is defective in failing to provide satisfactory machinery for the imposition on freehold land of positive obligations ( such as obligations to repair and to contribute to communal [work] costs ) which can then be enforced against successors in title to the original owner of the land .

By way of establishing the necessary animus Mr Watkinson on behalf of the appellant pointed out that both Mr Carey and the appellant had changed the locks of the premises and carried out works of repair and maintenance inside .
by way of establishing the necessary animus mr watkinson on behalf of the appellant pointed out that both mr carey and the appellant had changed the locks of the premises and carried out works of repair and [work] inside .

Mr Street provided neither attendance nor services and only reserved the limited rights of inspection and maintenance and the like set forth in clause 3 of the agreement .
mr street provided neither attendance nor services and only reserved the limited rights of inspection and [work] and the like set forth in clause 3 of the agreement .

Under such leases , the builder/developer would be responsible for erecting a building or a number of buildings upon a particular site , and detailed provision might be made for the manner of their construction and continuing maintenance , even down to the type of subsequent letting of the buildings which was to be permitted .
under such leases , the builder/developer would be responsible for erecting a building or a number of buildings upon a particular site , and detailed provision might be made for the manner of their construction and continuing [work] , even down to the type of subsequent letting of the buildings which was to be permitted .

The statute based side of the law is equally tangled and displays the sort of confusion that is the inevitable consequence of shifts in policy and the national failure to decide upon , and adhere to , an agreed housing repairs , maintenance and rehabilitation policy …
the statute based side of the law is equally tangled and displays the sort of confusion that is the inevitable consequence of shifts in policy and the national failure to decide upon , and adhere to , an agreed housing repairs , [work] and rehabilitation policy …

It is British designed and made , and and have just one point of contact , the local installing distributor for every aspect of operation , including training and maintenance .
it is british designed and made , and and have just one point of contact , the local installing distributor for every aspect of operation , including training and [work] .

Scale can also lead to expensive and time-consuming maintenance problems in dishwashers , blocking spray nozzles as well as building up on heating elements and causing their premature failure .
scale can also lead to expensive and time-consuming [work] problems in dishwashers , blocking spray nozzles as well as building up on heating elements and causing their premature failure .

The installation of a water softner is likely to pay for itself very quickly , as well as minimise costly and time consuming remedial maintenance .
the installation of a water softner is likely to pay for itself very quickly , as well as minimise costly and time consuming remedial [work] .

Heating elements and spray heads in dishwashers and glass washers will no longer scale up , extending their life , and drastically reducing costly maintenance and replacement .
heating elements and spray heads in dishwashers and glass washers will no longer scale up , extending their life , and drastically reducing costly [work] and replacement .

Another consideration is whether or not the supplier can offer the level of after sales service that you require , since like any other type of equipment a softener requires regular servicing and maintenance in order to keep it operating at peak efficiency .
another consideration is whether or not the supplier can offer the level of after sales service that you require , since like any other type of equipment a softener requires regular servicing and [work] in order to keep it operating at peak efficiency .

The systems also offer cost efficiencies in terms of easier administration and cheaper maintenance .
the systems also offer cost efficiencies in terms of easier administration and cheaper [work] .

Similarly , maintenance staff may need to be sent quickly to carry out repairs at the request of a particular guest .
similarly , [work] staff may need to be sent quickly to carry out repairs at the request of a particular guest .

For example , maintenance staff in a hotel can benefit in situations where they need to talk constantly to another member of staff located in a separate part of the hotel , such as while they are repairing and testing lighting or heating .
for example , [work] staff in a hotel can benefit in situations where they need to talk constantly to another member of staff located in a separate part of the hotel , such as while they are repairing and testing lighting or heating .

Regular maintenance
regular [work]

In the case of lift installations it is essential that they receive regular preventative maintenance inspections to meet the paramount conditions of safety and operational efficiency .
in the case of lift installations it is essential that they receive regular preventative [work] inspections to meet the paramount conditions of safety and operational efficiency .

This maintenance service is normally provided under contract by specialist lift maintenance companies and the extent of the service provided is determined by the mutual requirements of the building and the building administration .
this [work] service is normally provided under contract by specialist lift [work] companies and the extent of the service provided is determined by the mutual requirements of the building and the building administration .

Most maintenance companies are able to provide a number of options on a wide range of originally installed equipment .
most [work] companies are able to provide a number of options on a wide range of originally installed equipment .

For these reasons the maintenance service contracts should include , as a minimum requirement , the following items :
for these reasons the [work] service contracts should include , as a minimum requirement , the following items :

Routine contractual visits are made by appointment to ensure that lifts are taken out of service for routine maintenance only at times convenient to the hotel
routine contractual visits are made by appointment to ensure that lifts are taken out of service for routine [work] only at times convenient to the hotel

These factors are particularly important as the best preventative maintenance service in the world can be seen as less than satisfactory , if oily , unkempt , poorly dressed engineers are given to camping out in your hotel lift lobby without warning and taking lifts out of service just as you are receiving a large influx of guests .
these factors are particularly important as the best preventative [work] service in the world can be seen as less than satisfactory , if oily , unkempt , poorly dressed engineers are given to camping out in your hotel lift lobby without warning and taking lifts out of service just as you are receiving a large influx of guests .

This actually allows the lift maintenance monitoring organisations to know that the lift is out of action before you do .
this actually allows the lift [work] monitoring organisations to know that the lift is out of action before you do .

Therefore , after a number of years of operation , regular service and preventative maintenance , it can become increasingly difficult to retain peak performance and preserve the capital value of this expensive asset .
therefore , after a number of years of operation , regular service and preventative [work] , it can become increasingly difficult to retain peak performance and preserve the capital value of this expensive asset .

As part of the lift maintenance contract , maintenance companies will provide regular reports on your lift installations to advise you , on a continually updated basis , as to their condition , reliability and future performance expectations .
as part of the lift [work] contract , [work] companies will provide regular reports on your lift installations to advise you , on a continually updated basis , as to their condition , reliability and future performance expectations .

On completion of the modernisation , the lifts were subject to a one year Defects Liability ( Guarantee ) and free service period , and subsequently have become subject to a new comprehensive Maintenance Contract .
on completion of the modernisation , the lifts were subject to a one year defects liability ( guarantee ) and free service period , and subsequently have become subject to a new comprehensive [work] contract .

These solutions can extend to wholesale modernisation , but can also include revised maintenance practices , smaller modernisation schemes , cosmetic improvements to lift car interiors and improving indication systems for hotel guests .
these solutions can extend to wholesale modernisation , but can also include revised [work] practices , smaller modernisation schemes , cosmetic improvements to lift car interiors and improving indication systems for hotel guests .

Construction , fire risk , air movement , and maintenance must now all be taken into great consideration , as Michael Burland , managing director of Kingfisher Canopies Ltd , explains .
construction , fire risk , air movement , and [work] must now all be taken into great consideration , as michael burland , managing director of kingfisher canopies ltd , explains .

It is the ongoing maintenance requirements which will be most scrutinised by the environmental health officer , and in many cases , it only takes a dirty grease filter system dripping onto the food cooking surfaces to alert the authorities .
it is the ongoing [work] requirements which will be most scrutinised by the environmental health officer , and in many cases , it only takes a dirty grease filter system dripping onto the food cooking surfaces to alert the authorities .

It is in the field of maintenance that kitchen canopies will be most changed .
it is in the field of [work] that kitchen canopies will be most changed .

So far , once the system is installed it is forgotten , but in the future , maintenance contracts will be considered the norm rather than the exception .
so far , once the system is installed it is forgotten , but in the future , [work] contracts will be considered the norm rather than the exception .

As environmental health officers become more aware of the implications of poor canopy design , manufacture and maintenance , and their own staffing levels and training improve , many kitchen operators are in for a very rude and expensive awakening ( in most cases the cost of replacing an inefficient system is considerably higher than fitting that same system from the outset ) .
as environmental health officers become more aware of the implications of poor canopy design , manufacture and [work] , and their own staffing levels and training improve , many kitchen operators are in for a very rude and expensive awakening ( in most cases the cost of replacing an inefficient system is considerably higher than fitting that same system from the outset ) .

Carry out a preventative maintenance programme .
carry out a preventative [work] programme .

Maintenance costs are frequently reduced and with regard to cooking equipment , some new methods can save the chef time and effort on mundane tasks , leaving the skilled craftsman or woman more time to concentrate on creating the culinary masterpieces that guarantee the future of the restaurant .
[work] costs are frequently reduced and with regard to cooking equipment , some new methods can save the chef time and effort on mundane tasks , leaving the skilled craftsman or woman more time to concentrate on creating the culinary masterpieces that guarantee the future of the restaurant .

It has not been easy to change so quickly to the needs of a more demanding market place , but if your customers , staff or management have cause to complain of imprecise or unreliable temperature control equipment , of a poor maintenance record or of substandard temperatures at the point of consumption , we are the correct sector of engineering you require .
it has not been easy to change so quickly to the needs of a more demanding market place , but if your customers , staff or management have cause to complain of imprecise or unreliable temperature control equipment , of a poor [work] record or of substandard temperatures at the point of consumption , we are the correct sector of engineering you require .

Patterns of language use and maintenance
patterns of language use and [work]

( c ) Independent contractors Section 2(4) ( b ) states : Where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty execution of any work of construction , maintenance or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier , the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps ( if any ) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done .
( c ) independent contractors section 2(4) ( b ) states : where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty execution of any work of construction , [work] or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier , the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps ( if any ) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done .

( i ) The facts of the case must come within the section , which only applies to , the " faulty execution of … construction , maintenance or repair … " Where a case falls outside the section the common law rule will apply .
( i ) the facts of the case must come within the section , which only applies to , the " faulty execution of … construction , [work] or repair … " where a case falls outside the section the common law rule will apply .

Section 3 states : Where work of construction , repair , maintenance or demolition or any other work is done on or in relation to premises , any duty of care owed , because of the doing of the work , to persons who might reasonably be expected to be affected by defects in the state of the premises created by the doing of the work shall not be abated by subsequent disposal of the premises by the person who owed the duty .
section 3 states : where work of construction , repair , [work] or demolition or any other work is done on or in relation to premises , any duty of care owed , because of the doing of the work , to persons who might reasonably be expected to be affected by defects in the state of the premises created by the doing of the work shall not be abated by subsequent disposal of the premises by the person who owed the duty .

( 1 ) Where premises are let under a tenancy which puts on the landlord an obligation to the tenant for the maintenance or repair of the premises , the landlord owes to all persons who might reasonably be expected to be affected by defects in the state of the premises a duty to take such care as is reasonable in all the circumstances to see that they are reasonably safe from personal injury or from damage to their property caused by a relevant defect .
( 1 ) where premises are let under a tenancy which puts on the landlord an obligation to the tenant for the [work] or repair of the premises , the landlord owes to all persons who might reasonably be expected to be affected by defects in the state of the premises a duty to take such care as is reasonable in all the circumstances to see that they are reasonably safe from personal injury or from damage to their property caused by a relevant defect .

For this section to apply , the landlord must be under an obligation to the tenant for the maintenance or repair of the premises , or he must have an express or implied right or power to enter the premises to carry out any description of maintenance or repair .
for this section to apply , the landlord must be under an obligation to the tenant for the [work] or repair of the premises , or he must have an express or implied right or power to enter the premises to carry out any description of [work] or repair .

Domesday shows that they provided Edward the Confessor with a revenue of £53 a year and the three works of the king — probably the maintenance of fortresses and bridges , and service in the army .
domesday shows that they provided edward the confessor with a revenue of £53 a year and the three works of the king — probably the [work] of fortresses and bridges , and service in the army .

There is one particular practice that has been singled out for special treatment and that is resale price maintenance .
there is one particular practice that has been singled out for special treatment and that is resale price [work] .

The prohibition can be contested in the Court , but the overall result has been the widespread abandonment of resale price maintenance and a fundamental change in the pattern of retail distribution , as new types of outlet developed and replaced the older , small , independent , specialist stores .
the prohibition can be contested in the court , but the overall result has been the widespread abandonment of resale price [work] and a fundamental change in the pattern of retail distribution , as new types of outlet developed and replaced the older , small , independent , specialist stores .

[ Around 1800 ] persons … were enabled by their skill and industry to maintain themselves and families in a state of comfort and respectability ; and to keep their own houses and pay taxes , scot and lot , and contribute towards the maintenance of other persons in their profession , who were either sick or in distress , so that it was scarcely known that any person in this trade ever applied for parochial relief .
[ around 1800 ] persons … were enabled by their skill and industry to maintain themselves and families in a state of comfort and respectability ; and to keep their own houses and pay taxes , scot and lot , and contribute towards the [work] of other persons in their profession , who were either sick or in distress , so that it was scarcely known that any person in this trade ever applied for parochial relief .

Even quite elderly people , male or female , could often earn something towards their maintenance , while the practice of assisting low-wage earners with large families of young children was widespread .
even quite elderly people , male or female , could often earn something towards their [work] , while the practice of assisting low-wage earners with large families of young children was widespread .

They found themselves no longer obliged to depend on the charity of their neighbours , nor on their own industry for a maintenance .
they found themselves no longer obliged to depend on the charity of their neighbours , nor on their own industry for a [work] .

The harassing of those caught out by need where they had no settlement was the dark side of the eighteenth-century Poor Law with its associated evasive strategies such as hiring for less than a year , pulling down cottages on the wastes , apprenticing pauper children beyond the bounds and hustling unwilling couples into marriage to avoid the maintenance of a bastard .
the harassing of those caught out by need where they had no settlement was the dark side of the eighteenth-century poor law with its associated evasive strategies such as hiring for less than a year , pulling down cottages on the wastes , apprenticing pauper children beyond the bounds and hustling unwilling couples into marriage to avoid the [work] of a bastard .

Members of the Association are committed to the achievement of these objectives and to the maintenance of the standards of professional conduct as established by this Code of Conduct .
members of the association are committed to the achievement of these objectives and to the [work] of the standards of professional conduct as established by this code of conduct .

The work of this department covers the implementation of decisions by Council on all matters of finance , investments , general financial matters and salaries , the collecting of subscriptions , maintenance of all membership records and the processing of applications for membership ( other than students ) and upgrading and administration of the offices at Trinity Road .
the work of this department covers the implementation of decisions by council on all matters of finance , investments , general financial matters and salaries , the collecting of subscriptions , [work] of all membership records and the processing of applications for membership ( other than students ) and upgrading and administration of the offices at trinity road .

Other duties include maintenance and security of the building at 191 Trinity Road and co-ordination of in-house catering and entertaining .
other duties include [work] and security of the building at 191 trinity road and co-ordination of in-house catering and entertaining .

( subscription and computer officer ) is responsible for the maintenance of the Association 's computerised membership records and the production of subscription notices , hospitality labels and so on .
( subscription and computer officer ) is responsible for the [work] of the association 's computerised membership records and the production of subscription notices , hospitality labels and so on .

He mentioned that great charges and costs had been incurred by the works far above any returns , Some course was to be made for the maintenance of the workmen if the mines were as worn out as the Germans pretended . Cecil made it quite clear that in his opinion , at least , the " strangers " in charge of the works were pretending to act simply and fairly towards the society but were thought to be dealing more for their own " private lucre " than for the benefit of the society , " … this despite diverse great sums of money due by them for rent having been remitted for their better encouragement to carry on the work … "
he mentioned that great charges and costs had been incurred by the works far above any returns , some course was to be made for the [work] of the workmen if the mines were as worn out as the germans pretended . cecil made it quite clear that in his opinion , at least , the " strangers " in charge of the works were pretending to act simply and fairly towards the society but were thought to be dealing more for their own " private lucre " than for the benefit of the society , " … this despite diverse great sums of money due by them for rent having been remitted for their better encouragement to carry on the work … "

At St George Stollen some two kibbles weekly were gotten , from the `` outcast `` , towards their maintenance .
at st george stollen some two kibbles weekly were gotten , from the `` outcast `` , towards their [work] .

Thurland and Höchstetter had , they wrote , divided the mines into 24 shares or `` whole parts `` and sold them to Nobles and Lords , who paid 11,200 for one-twentyfourth part , besides 1850 towards the maintenance of the works .
thurland and höchstetter had , they wrote , divided the mines into 24 shares or `` whole parts `` and sold them to nobles and lords , who paid 11,200 for one-twentyfourth part , besides 1850 towards the [work] of the works .

4 The maintenance of student and teacher records is valuable .
4 the [work] of student and teacher records is valuable .

Being asked how much the foresaid are worth per annum , he says with the pasture belonging to the maintenance of the animals working in the plough teams they are worth per annum £17 . ``
being asked how much the foresaid are worth per annum , he says with the pasture belonging to the [work] of the animals working in the plough teams they are worth per annum £17 . ``

Bequests of this nature were not uncommon for the maintenance of the light in other churches around Kent , including gifts of land , sheep , cows , corn and wax .
bequests of this nature were not uncommon for the [work] of the light in other churches around kent , including gifts of land , sheep , cows , corn and wax .

In 1598 , the estates reverted back to Maximilian Dalison , although it was not until 1601 , that he regained his full inheritance , and it is unlikely that he spent much on the maintenance of the buildings as it appears he was always short of cash .
in 1598 , the estates reverted back to maximilian dalison , although it was not until 1601 , that he regained his full inheritance , and it is unlikely that he spent much on the [work] of the buildings as it appears he was always short of cash .

He would often turn up at the factory in his best suit , get involved in a maintenance problem with his fitter and end up covered in grease .
he would often turn up at the factory in his best suit , get involved in a [work] problem with his fitter and end up covered in grease .

With the vast expansion in library collections over the past 20 years , library professionals have had to deal with an ever increasing burden in the production and maintenance of library catalogues .
with the vast expansion in library collections over the past 20 years , library professionals have had to deal with an ever increasing burden in the production and [work] of library catalogues .

It is a maintenance plan rather than a change plan .
it is a [work] plan rather than a change plan .

When the plant came on stream the initial sales would start reducing the net outflow of funds which is why the maintenance cost of the operation is not shown as a straight line .
when the plant came on stream the initial sales would start reducing the net outflow of funds which is why the [work] cost of the operation is not shown as a straight line .

In spite of this attitude by some of the die-hards , more and more money was being spent on new craft and equipment and our Technical Branch , which hitherto had concentrated on the maintenance on our fleet of small boarding launches , was being geared up to deal with the new cutter fleet .
in spite of this attitude by some of the die-hards , more and more money was being spent on new craft and equipment and our technical branch , which hitherto had concentrated on the [work] on our fleet of small boarding launches , was being geared up to deal with the new cutter fleet .

Central to the application of these techniques in renewal tissues has been the isolation and maintenance ex vivo of progenitor or pluripotent stem cells , which by definition have the capacity for both self maintenance and for production of distinct functional cell lineages .
central to the application of these techniques in renewal tissues has been the isolation and [work] ex vivo of progenitor or pluripotent stem cells , which by definition have the capacity for both self [work] and for production of distinct functional cell lineages .

Furthermore , the balance between stem cell self maintenance and provision of functional progeny may change , when mucosal losses are caused by stem cell injury or death .
furthermore , the balance between stem cell self [work] and provision of functional progeny may change , when mucosal losses are caused by stem cell injury or death .

Successful stem cell transplantation or autotransplantation requires the isolation and maintenance of stem cells ex vivo .
successful stem cell transplantation or autotransplantation requires the isolation and [work] of stem cells ex vivo .

Of these , 44 had been taking delayed release mesalazine as the sole maintenance treatment for at least six months .
of these , 44 had been taking delayed release mesalazine as the sole [work] treatment for at least six months .

The total duration of maintenance drug treatment was comparable in the two groups .
the total duration of [work] drug treatment was comparable in the two groups .

Furthermore , a number of maintenance studies have shown no significant change in renal function on standard biochemical screening .
furthermore , a number of [work] studies have shown no significant change in renal function on standard biochemical screening .

Although toxicity marker excretion ratios were unrelated to the type of maintenance drug treatment , a number of patients had marker excretion values above the 95th centile for healthy volunteers raising the possibility of mild glomerular and tubular dysfunction .
although toxicity marker excretion ratios were unrelated to the type of [work] drug treatment , a number of patients had marker excretion values above the 95th centile for healthy volunteers raising the possibility of mild glomerular and tubular dysfunction .

Once initial control has been achieved , a maintenance sclerotherapy programme should be instituted with repeated injections every three weeks or so until thrombosis of the varices has been achieved and subsequent periodic checks every three to six months to ensure maintenance of variceal occlusion .
once initial control has been achieved , a [work] sclerotherapy programme should be instituted with repeated injections every three weeks or so until thrombosis of the varices has been achieved and subsequent periodic checks every three to six months to ensure [work] of variceal occlusion .

After complete gall stone dissolution , most ( n=77 ) of the patients had taken no post-dissolution treatment but 16 had been given maintenance treatment with half the full dissolution doses of either chenodeyxholic acid or ursodeoxycholic acid .
after complete gall stone dissolution , most ( n=77 ) of the patients had taken no post-dissolution treatment but 16 had been given [work] treatment with half the full dissolution doses of either chenodeyxholic acid or ursodeoxycholic acid .

Longterm full dose ursodeoxycholic acid treatment , however , is expensive and we reasoned that by giving one third of the full therapeutic dose , the cost of maintenance treatment would be acceptable .
longterm full dose ursodeoxycholic acid treatment , however , is expensive and we reasoned that by giving one third of the full therapeutic dose , the cost of [work] treatment would be acceptable .

Access to a person with professional skills in the field of occupational health can be invaluable , and should ensure the maintenance of up-to-date policies and procedures and facilitate safe and effective follow-up of immunisation and of sharps injuries and other exposure incidents .
access to a person with professional skills in the field of occupational health can be invaluable , and should ensure the [work] of up-to-date policies and procedures and facilitate safe and effective follow-up of immunisation and of sharps injuries and other exposure incidents .

It is used at full strength for immediate odour elimination , or in a 6 to 1 dilution for ongoing preventative maintenance .
it is used at full strength for immediate odour elimination , or in a 6 to 1 dilution for ongoing preventative [work] .

Interestingly , although relapse on maintenance cisapride was almost invariably symptomatic ( 10/11 ) , one third ( 8/23 ) of the placebo relapses were silent .
interestingly , although relapse on [work] cisapride was almost invariably symptomatic ( 10/11 ) , one third ( 8/23 ) of the placebo relapses were silent .

The results of this single centre pilot study show that maintenance treatment with cisapride 10 mg twice daily can reduce the likelihood of duodenal ulcer relapse .
the results of this single centre pilot study show that [work] treatment with cisapride 10 mg twice daily can reduce the likelihood of duodenal ulcer relapse .

Most ulcer maintenance trials , including this study , contain several potential methodological weaknesses that merit further discussion .
most ulcer [work] trials , including this study , contain several potential methodological weaknesses that merit further discussion .

If the ulcer had healed , the patient started a maintenance regimen of ranitidine ( 150 mg at night ) otherwise he or she was given an additional supply of ranitidine ( 300 mg at night ) .
if the ulcer had healed , the patient started a [work] regimen of ranitidine ( 150 mg at night ) otherwise he or she was given an additional supply of ranitidine ( 300 mg at night ) .

The final information sheet for the healing phase was completed only when ulcer healing had been confirmed endoscopically , at which time the patient was transferred to the maintenance treatment regimen .
the final information sheet for the healing phase was completed only when ulcer healing had been confirmed endoscopically , at which time the patient was transferred to the [work] treatment regimen .

Patients kept a detailed record of their food consumption over a three day period before their first follow up appointment in the maintenance phase of the study and also described their normal physical activity .
patients kept a detailed record of their food consumption over a three day period before their first follow up appointment in the [work] phase of the study and also described their normal physical activity .

When all reintroductions and challenges were complete the maintenance diet was reviewed in detail to ensure that it was nutritionally adequate .
when all reintroductions and challenges were complete the [work] diet was reviewed in detail to ensure that it was nutritionally adequate .

The roles of gap junctions in the formation of gastric ulcers and the maintenance of tissue homeostasis are discussed .
the roles of gap junctions in the formation of gastric ulcers and the [work] of tissue homeostasis are discussed .

All but two patients were on some form of maintenance therapy ( sulphasalazine/ mesalazine ) .
all but two patients were on some form of [work] therapy ( sulphasalazine/ mesalazine ) .

Immunohistological methods of assessing cell proliferation have particular advantages over other techniques because of the maintenance of cellular and tissue architecture , the relative simplicity of the methodology , and the rapidity of results .
immunohistological methods of assessing cell proliferation have particular advantages over other techniques because of the [work] of cellular and tissue architecture , the relative simplicity of the methodology , and the rapidity of results .

Our commitment towards meeting the exciting professional challenge of these new business relationships , together with our experience in project management and cost effective engineering and maintenance , has enabled us to increase our market share in most of our North Sea related businesses .
our commitment towards meeting the exciting professional challenge of these new business relationships , together with our experience in project management and cost effective engineering and [work] , has enabled us to increase our market share in most of our north sea related businesses .

Wood Group Fire Protection 's Great Yarmouth branch performed well across its whole product range and was successful in being awarded a long term maintenance contract with Shell Expro .
wood group fire protection 's great yarmouth branch performed well across its whole product range and was successful in being awarded a long term [work] contract with shell expro .

The division secured a major five year contract from National Power in 1992 covering the repair and maintenance of their gas turbine driven alternators at sites throughout England and Wales .
the division secured a major five year contract from national power in 1992 covering the repair and [work] of their gas turbine driven alternators at sites throughout england and wales .

The Professional Standards Committee continues to deal with all issues relating to the maintenance and promotion of high standards within the profession .
the professional standards committee continues to deal with all issues relating to the [work] and promotion of high standards within the profession .

The management have confidence in future earnings growth and the maintenance of the target payout ratio .
the management have confidence in future earnings growth and the [work] of the target payout ratio .

They are essential for the maintenance of the market 's liquidity .
they are essential for the [work] of the market 's liquidity .

‘ Do n't tell me she does her own car maintenance , ’ commented Iris .
‘ do n't tell me she does her own car [work] , ’ commented iris .

As the margin account falls below a particular threshold ( the maintenance margin level ) , it has to be topped up with additional payments known as variation margin .
as the margin account falls below a particular threshold ( the [work] margin level ) , it has to be topped up with additional payments known as variation margin .

The seller can take only 50 from the margin account , which can not fall below 150 , the maintenance margin level ; the other 50 comes in the form of a variation margin payment .
the seller can take only 50 from the margin account , which can not fall below 150 , the [work] margin level ; the other 50 comes in the form of a variation margin payment .

In the course of these policies , one or the other restrictive practice has been singled out as the root cause of our ills — resale price maintenance , clearing banks ' cartel , trade unions — the cry has been for their removal .
in the course of these policies , one or the other restrictive practice has been singled out as the root cause of our ills — resale price [work] , clearing banks ' cartel , trade unions — the cry has been for their removal .

Today 's Stagisti , guided by the mechanical tragedies that befell their hapless predecessors , know that preventive maintenance is the key to dependability .
today 's stagisti , guided by the mechanical tragedies that befell their hapless predecessors , know that preventive [work] is the key to dependability .

Many royal forests were ‘ assigned to the maintenance ’ of royal castles in or near them .
many royal forests were ‘ assigned to the [work] ’ of royal castles in or near them .

Substantial payments were made out of the Forest revenues for these and other purposes relating to the maintenance and upkeep of the castle .
substantial payments were made out of the forest revenues for these and other purposes relating to the [work] and upkeep of the castle .

In 1251 Geoffrey of Liston , warden of Windsor Forest , was granted as part of his farm the herbage of the whole forest , including ‘ the herbage and hay of Kempton park , saving maintenance for the King 's deer there ’ .
in 1251 geoffrey of liston , warden of windsor forest , was granted as part of his farm the herbage of the whole forest , including ‘ the herbage and hay of kempton park , saving [work] for the king 's deer there ’ .

They can take measures for the burning of the heaths , the clearing of drains , and the repair and maintenance of the Forest pounds : these measures they carry out through the agency or with the permission of the Forestry Commissioners .
they can take measures for the burning of the heaths , the clearing of drains , and the repair and [work] of the forest pounds : these measures they carry out through the agency or with the permission of the forestry commissioners .

These were built primarily round the kin-group , and expanded by the making of bonds of maintenance and manrent , whereby lords and men offered one another protection and support , normally for life , sometimes in perpetuity .
these were built primarily round the kin-group , and expanded by the making of bonds of [work] and manrent , whereby lords and men offered one another protection and support , normally for life , sometimes in perpetuity .

Creation had been magnificent and miraculous , but its continuance and maintenance less so .
creation had been magnificent and miraculous , but its continuance and [work] less so .

They used courts for private cases : divorced wives whose maintenance had not been paid , and heirs who thought they had been cheated , appear in the earliest court records ; they were plaintiffs and claimants whose position was weak in the traditional system .
they used courts for private cases : divorced wives whose [work] had not been paid , and heirs who thought they had been cheated , appear in the earliest court records ; they were plaintiffs and claimants whose position was weak in the traditional system .

Two Commercial Union building maintenance men and one security guard were injured in the explosion .
two commercial union building [work] men and one security guard were injured in the explosion .

Maintenance contracts now give the company a cushion of £1.5m of income .
[work] contracts now give the company a cushion of £1.5m of income .

They have opened offices in Bristol and Maidstone to service maintenance contracts .
they have opened offices in bristol and maidstone to service [work] contracts .

Diesel Cars : Smoke means bad maintenance , not a bad engine
diesel cars : smoke means bad [work] , not a bad engine

In addition , diesels generally require less maintenance than petrol engines and can retain impressive emission levels over large mileages .
in addition , diesels generally require less [work] than petrol engines and can retain impressive emission levels over large mileages .

There are already signs of an upturn in housing repair and maintenance , and , to a lesser extent , in new building .
there are already signs of an upturn in housing repair and [work] , and , to a lesser extent , in new building .

He retired in 1971 , after two years as Senior Air Staff Officer at Maintenance Command .
he retired in 1971 , after two years as senior air staff officer at [work] command .

But if the trust has been created after 1925 , the Trustee Act 1925 gives power to the trustees to apply the property for the maintenance and advancement of the infant .
but if the trust has been created after 1925 , the trustee act 1925 gives power to the trustees to apply the property for the [work] and advancement of the infant .

that the respondent has failed to provide reasonable maintenance for the applicant ;
that the respondent has failed to provide reasonable [work] for the applicant ;

that the respondent has failed to provide , or make a proper contribution towards , reasonable maintenance for any child of the family ;
that the respondent has failed to provide , or make a proper contribution towards , reasonable [work] for any child of the family ;

About twenty per cent goes on the maintenance of the forces in being at the time .
about twenty per cent goes on the [work] of the forces in being at the time .

And there was a deep feeling of uncertainty about the continuing validity of the Three Pillars of Britain 's traditional grand strategy — defence of the British Isles , maintenance of a favourable balance of power in Europe , and projection and protection of British interests overseas .
and there was a deep feeling of uncertainty about the continuing validity of the three pillars of britain 's traditional grand strategy — defence of the british isles , [work] of a favourable balance of power in europe , and projection and protection of british interests overseas .

The development of Labour Government policies for the Second Pillar — the maintenance of a favourable balance of power in Europe — was a happier story in that British and American interests coincided . This was not so in 1946 , but thanks to the blatancy of Soviet hostility , to the efforts of Churchill and Ernest
the development of labour government policies for the second pillar — the [work] of a favourable balance of power in europe — was a happier story in that british and american interests coincided . this was not so in 1946 , but thanks to the blatancy of soviet hostility , to the efforts of churchill and ernest

Effort must be transferred from military preparations to maintenance and improvement of our political and economic position .
effort must be transferred from military preparations to [work] and improvement of our political and economic position .

Our first and chief objective must be to prevent war by the maintenance of the Allied deterrent , to which we have begun to make our own substantial contribution .
our first and chief objective must be to prevent war by the [work] of the allied deterrent , to which we have begun to make our own substantial contribution .

The United States was , at last , firmly committed to helping in the maintenance of the stability of the Middle East , though British commitments to the Arab sheikhdoms in the Persian Gulf and the Aden Protectorates were undiminished .
the united states was , at last , firmly committed to helping in the [work] of the stability of the middle east , though british commitments to the arab sheikhdoms in the persian gulf and the aden protectorates were undiminished .

While few Whitehall officials disputed the need for nuclear weapons to damp out the possibility of a recurrence of the conventional-weapon slaughter of the two World Wars , Sandys had breached a fundamental principle of British military policy — the maintenance of balanced military forces able to react to the unforeseen .
while few whitehall officials disputed the need for nuclear weapons to damp out the possibility of a recurrence of the conventional-weapon slaughter of the two world wars , sandys had breached a fundamental principle of british military policy — the [work] of balanced military forces able to react to the unforeseen .

To that end the residents of the Winslow group will share cooking chores in a central ‘ common house , ’ as well as helping with childcare and maintenance .
to that end the residents of the winslow group will share cooking chores in a central ‘ common house , ’ as well as helping with childcare and [work] .

Meanwhile , wage costs , maintenance bills and interest charges grew more rapidly than the number of passengers .
meanwhile , wage costs , [work] bills and interest charges grew more rapidly than the number of passengers .

That minimum level can be adjusted by other systems that predict the need for parts , given past maintenance patterns and expected operations .
that minimum level can be adjusted by other systems that predict the need for parts , given past [work] patterns and expected operations .

Major firms like General Motors and Heinz no longer see themselves as machines needing only periodic maintenance to run forever .
major firms like general motors and heinz no longer see themselves as machines needing only periodic [work] to run forever .

The clashes , on November 24 last year , followed marches organised by the National Union of Students in central London to protest against Government plans to replace maintenance grants with top-up loans .
the clashes , on november 24 last year , followed marches organised by the national union of students in central london to protest against government plans to replace [work] grants with top-up loans .

Then , finally , examine maintenance .
then , finally , examine [work] .

Only six per cent of single mothers can rely on maintenance as their main source of income .
only six per cent of single mothers can rely on [work] as their main source of income .

Some 68 per cent of single mothers receive some maintenance , but less than half of unmarried mothers receive any .
some 68 per cent of single mothers receive some [work] , but less than half of unmarried mothers receive any .

An inadequate system has been made worse by the Government 's decision that it will no longer accept responsibility for collecting maintenance unless there have been irregular payments .
an inadequate system has been made worse by the government 's decision that it will no longer accept responsibility for collecting [work] unless there have been irregular payments .

All maintenance is deducted in full from the welfare which the custodial parent receives ; this , in turn , is a clear disincentive for the non-custodial parent to pay when the only body benefiting is the state .
all [work] is deducted in full from the welfare which the custodial parent receives ; this , in turn , is a clear disincentive for the non-custodial parent to pay when the only body benefiting is the state .

Parts of the privatisated agency will remain under Government control , including maintenance of Westminster and the ministerial car pool .
parts of the privatisated agency will remain under government control , including [work] of westminster and the ministerial car pool .

The bill 's first clause simply states : ‘ The Secretary of State may make arrangements for enabling eligible students to receive loans towards their maintenance out of money made available by him for that purpose . ’
the bill 's first clause simply states : ‘ the secretary of state may make arrangements for enabling eligible students to receive loans towards their [work] out of money made available by him for that purpose . ’

‘ Training is drill , maintenance or lectures , ’ says Haig .
‘ training is drill , [work] or lectures , ’ says haig .

In Manchester the handover has allowed it to offload heavy costs such as bridge maintenance , while in Sheffield the running of the tram system into British Midland 's station has turned it into a major transport terminus , which includes buses .
in manchester the handover has allowed it to offload heavy costs such as bridge [work] , while in sheffield the running of the tram system into british midland 's station has turned it into a major transport terminus , which includes buses .

One outcome of the review now under way is likely to be an increase in trackside maintenance to keep embankments free of overhanging trees and thick undergrowth .
one outcome of the review now under way is likely to be an increase in trackside [work] to keep embankments free of overhanging trees and thick undergrowth .

Parliament 's role has not been executive , but supervisory — it has sought to subject the executive to certain limits and controls , to protect the liberties of the individual citizen against the arbitrary use of power , to focus the mind of the nation on the great issues of the day by the maintenance of a continuous dialogue or discussion , and by remaining at the centre of the stage to impose … ‘ manners of behaviour ’ on the whole political system .
parliament 's role has not been executive , but supervisory — it has sought to subject the executive to certain limits and controls , to protect the liberties of the individual citizen against the arbitrary use of power , to focus the mind of the nation on the great issues of the day by the [work] of a continuous dialogue or discussion , and by remaining at the centre of the stage to impose … ‘ manners of behaviour ’ on the whole political system .

The criterion for deciding whether to extend these powers is if ‘ such responsibilities are important to safety as a whole ’ ( Article 91a ) , or the ‘ maintenance of legal and economic unity ’ ( Article 72.2.3 ) .
the criterion for deciding whether to extend these powers is if ‘ such responsibilities are important to safety as a whole ’ ( article 91a ) , or the ‘ [work] of legal and economic unity ’ ( article 72.2.3 ) .

Expenditure on oil and maintenance repairs , which will be refunded on production of receipts a the end of the rental .
expenditure on oil and [work] repairs , which will be refunded on production of receipts a the end of the rental .

require maintenance and sometimes have to be temporarily withdrawn from use for such work to be done .
require [work] and sometimes have to be temporarily withdrawn from use for such work to be done .

Improve tenants ' rights to better standards of repair and maintenance in the public and private sectors .
improve tenants ' rights to better standards of repair and [work] in the public and private sectors .

All the buildings were well constructed and with adequate maintenance would have been capable of surviving for many generations .
all the buildings were well constructed and with adequate [work] would have been capable of surviving for many generations .

In the diagram ‘ fixed costs ’ include maintenance , head teacher 's salary etc , while a large proportion of the variable costs will be represented by teachers and their salaries .
in the diagram ‘ fixed costs ’ include [work] , head teacher 's salary etc , while a large proportion of the variable costs will be represented by teachers and their salaries .

Achievement of the task is secondary to the avoidance of conflict and the maintenance of social equilibrium .
achievement of the task is secondary to the avoidance of conflict and the [work] of social equilibrium .

In order for synergy to be achieved then three elements of team management need to be addressed : building , maintenance and review .
in order for synergy to be achieved then three elements of team management need to be addressed : building , [work] and review .

Team maintenance
team [work]

The enhancement of team relationships can only be achieved if team maintenance is perceived as a learning process following the established models of action learning ( see Figure 5.5 ) .
the enhancement of team relationships can only be achieved if team [work] is perceived as a learning process following the established models of action learning ( see figure 5.5 ) .

The significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . The qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :
the significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team [work] process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . the qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :

These skills not only facilitate the functioning of the team but the training process itself becomes a team maintenance activity .
these skills not only facilitate the functioning of the team but the training process itself becomes a team [work] activity .

We will encourage parents on income support to claim maintenance by allowing them to keep part of it before benefit is cut .
we will encourage parents on income support to claim [work] by allowing them to keep part of it before benefit is cut .

At this time the lift was passing about 150,000 tons per annum and , although a vertical lift , it was of roughly the same capacity as that at Foxton , which would therefore require similar maintenance .
at this time the lift was passing about 150,000 tons per annum and , although a vertical lift , it was of roughly the same capacity as that at foxton , which would therefore require similar [work] .

Although there is no written evidence to substantiate this , no major repairs or maintenance were carried out on the machinery , and it is evident that it performed well from the start .
although there is no written evidence to substantiate this , no major repairs or [work] were carried out on the machinery , and it is evident that it performed well from the start .

That maintenance was continued so long is probably due to the fact that Gordon Thomas , its instigator , had by this time become General Manager of the Grand Junction Company , and it is understandable that he would have been reluctant to preside over the disintegration of the lift , his most original and spectacular achievement .
that [work] was continued so long is probably due to the fact that gordon thomas , its instigator , had by this time become general manager of the grand junction company , and it is understandable that he would have been reluctant to preside over the disintegration of the lift , his most original and spectacular achievement .

For instance , the chimney was brought down in 1922 to supply bricks for general maintenance work on the canal .
for instance , the chimney was brought down in 1922 to supply bricks for general [work] work on the canal .

Despite the fact that regular maintenance was a statutory requirement and despite some successful legal actions to enforce the statutory provisions , regular dredging and attention to leaks were perfunctory or never carried out at all by canal companies owned by the railways .
despite the fact that regular [work] was a statutory requirement and despite some successful legal actions to enforce the statutory provisions , regular dredging and attention to leaks were perfunctory or never carried out at all by canal companies owned by the railways .

‘ One of the main factors against the maintenance or extension of the canal trade is the difficulty of its organisation as compared with despatch by rail .
‘ one of the main factors against the [work] or extension of the canal trade is the difficulty of its organisation as compared with despatch by rail .

Many other elements play essential roles in the structure and maintenance of living things , so these other elements are also relevant to our theme .
many other elements play essential roles in the structure and [work] of living things , so these other elements are also relevant to our theme .

He came to Henley from Datchet and was schooled in course maintenance dependent significantly on chemical technology and machines , although a ‘ green fingers ’ instinct and physical strength are still important .
he came to henley from datchet and was schooled in course [work] dependent significantly on chemical technology and machines , although a ‘ green fingers ’ instinct and physical strength are still important .

These responses ensure the maintenance and survival of an individual and its reproduction .
these responses ensure the [work] and survival of an individual and its reproduction .

In considering the maintenance and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic condition . This enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :
in considering the [work] and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic condition . this enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :

In higher organisms one prime function of this system is the maintenance of consciousness as a kind of screen upon which both novel information and the background presentational continuum can be projected .
in higher organisms one prime function of this system is the [work] of consciousness as a kind of screen upon which both novel information and the background presentational continuum can be projected .

But basic to all such schemata is the supplying of energy reserves above those required for maintenance metabolism .
but basic to all such schemata is the supplying of energy reserves above those required for [work] metabolism .

In addition to maintaining levels of crude energy from sugars , it includes the maintenance of complex chemicals basic to neuronal functions as well as the efficiency of the endocrine system .
in addition to maintaining levels of crude energy from sugars , it includes the [work] of complex chemicals basic to neuronal functions as well as the efficiency of the endocrine system .

The parallels between man and baboons include the following : a complex and structured group life , status hierarchies , the formation in some species of long-term polygamous bonds between males and females , the division of societies into reproductive groups and non-reproductive ‘ surplus males ’ , competition between males for access to females , collaboration between males in their various competitions , and in some cases intergenerational male collaboration in the maintenance of breeding units .
the parallels between man and baboons include the following : a complex and structured group life , status hierarchies , the formation in some species of long-term polygamous bonds between males and females , the division of societies into reproductive groups and non-reproductive ‘ surplus males ’ , competition between males for access to females , collaboration between males in their various competitions , and in some cases intergenerational male collaboration in the [work] of breeding units .

Rom Harré , a philosopher and social psychologist , argues there are but two dimensions along which a man acts : the practical dimension which directs his maintenance of life ( this coincides with my use of first-order experience ) and an ‘ expressive ’ dimension , which he sees as the ‘ overriding pre-occupation of human life ’ ( p. 3 ) .
rom harré , a philosopher and social psychologist , argues there are but two dimensions along which a man acts : the practical dimension which directs his [work] of life ( this coincides with my use of first-order experience ) and an ‘ expressive ’ dimension , which he sees as the ‘ overriding pre-occupation of human life ’ ( p. 3 ) .

We prosper through the maintenance of an open trading system .
we prosper through the [work] of an open trading system .

Our new Child Support Agency will make sure that absent parents make a proper contribution — and that far more lone parents and their children get the maintenance that is theirs by right .
our new child support agency will make sure that absent parents make a proper contribution — and that far more lone parents and their children get the [work] that is theirs by right .

Next year two-thirds of all motorway maintenance work will be carried out in this way .
next year two-thirds of all motorway [work] work will be carried out in this way .

We will contribute to the Countryside Commission 's new Parish Path Partnership designed to stimulate local maintenance and improvement schemes .
we will contribute to the countryside commission 's new parish path partnership designed to stimulate local [work] and improvement schemes .

Windows , either fixed or opening , are worth including if you plan to use the garage for d-i-y or car maintenance purposes .
windows , either fixed or opening , are worth including if you plan to use the garage for d-i-y or car [work] purposes .

It is generally best to leave maintenance and repairs of central heating boilers to an expert service engineer , and to have your system serviced at least annually to keep it in good condition .
it is generally best to leave [work] and repairs of central heating boilers to an expert service engineer , and to have your system serviced at least annually to keep it in good condition .

Nairn recommends coving up to skirting board height to make maintenance even easier .
nairn recommends coving up to skirting board height to make [work] even easier .

This means that they require no further sealing and little actual maintenance .
this means that they require no further sealing and little actual [work] .

Self-contained smoke detectors require routine maintenance such as testing and cleaning , so it is important that they can be reached easily and safely .
self-contained smoke detectors require routine [work] such as testing and cleaning , so it is important that they can be reached easily and safely .

Although the obligation to provide instruction about maintenance is to be limited only to the first occupier , it is likely that subsequent purchasers will require the information to be passed on every time the property is sold .
although the obligation to provide instruction about [work] is to be limited only to the first occupier , it is likely that subsequent purchasers will require the information to be passed on every time the property is sold .

the cost of maintenance and redecoration ;
the cost of [work] and redecoration ;

The intruder alarm installed at your Home must be kept in proper working order under a continuing maintenance contract with the installing Company or such other Company as is agreed in writing by us .
the intruder alarm installed at your home must be kept in proper working order under a continuing [work] contract with the installing company or such other company as is agreed in writing by us .

The alternative focus for your energies is on group maintenance , that is giving warmth , support and encouragement to members .
the alternative focus for your energies is on group [work] , that is giving warmth , support and encouragement to members .

It is seldom possible to be simultaneously promoting group maintenance and also staying task centred .
it is seldom possible to be simultaneously promoting group [work] and also staying task centred .

Thus one way of handling this dilemma is to share group maintenance with another member of the meeting who seems to do it well .
thus one way of handling this dilemma is to share group [work] with another member of the meeting who seems to do it well .

Alternatively , you can concentrate on group maintenance , spend most of your time monitoring how members are reacting and responding to both feelings and unspoken messages .
alternatively , you can concentrate on group [work] , spend most of your time monitoring how members are reacting and responding to both feelings and unspoken messages .

It may sometimes be worth forming a special unit to support the creation , implementation , maintenance and evaluation of the policy .
it may sometimes be worth forming a special unit to support the creation , implementation , [work] and evaluation of the policy .

Included in the monthly charge are all meals , central heating , hot water , maintenance and cleaning .
included in the monthly charge are all meals , central heating , hot water , [work] and cleaning .

It is commonplace for me to step outside the door in the morning intending to do one particular task , and then to come back in for a lunchtime bowl of soup having done three or four entirely different jobs of maintenance or repair .
it is commonplace for me to step outside the door in the morning intending to do one particular task , and then to come back in for a lunchtime bowl of soup having done three or four entirely different jobs of [work] or repair .

( for the moment , the important point to be gained from these results is that the maintenance of rhythms , in the absence of external information about time , confirms the presence of an internal body clock .
( for the moment , the important point to be gained from these results is that the [work] of rhythms , in the absence of external information about time , confirms the presence of an internal body clock .

for example , the maintenance of blood pressure when changing from a lying to a standing position is achieved less rapidly as we age ; as a result the blood supply to the brain is decreased for a longer time and there is a greater tendency to feel dizzy .
for example , the [work] of blood pressure when changing from a lying to a standing position is achieved less rapidly as we age ; as a result the blood supply to the brain is decreased for a longer time and there is a greater tendency to feel dizzy .

More probably , decay and deterioration of materials and installations is the result of lack of maintenance , the results of which may include blocked or broken rainwater drains , displaced roof tiles or peeling paint finishes , all of which can lead to timber decay .
more probably , decay and deterioration of materials and installations is the result of lack of [work] , the results of which may include blocked or broken rainwater drains , displaced roof tiles or peeling paint finishes , all of which can lead to timber decay .

An attack may die out if the timber becomes hard and unpalatable to the beetle with age and correct maintenance .
an attack may die out if the timber becomes hard and unpalatable to the beetle with age and correct [work] .

The maintenance of structures with intumescent coatings should be carefully considered , particularly if there is a risk that the covering may be removed at some future time in the life of the building .
the [work] of structures with intumescent coatings should be carefully considered , particularly if there is a risk that the covering may be removed at some future time in the life of the building .

Where vaned cowls are to be replaced , it is not advisable for them to be fixed in place , not only for the sake of authenticity , but also to simplify maintenance .
where vaned cowls are to be replaced , it is not advisable for them to be fixed in place , not only for the sake of authenticity , but also to simplify [work] .

Normally , cowls require considerable maintenance and possible replacement every ten years — a costly consequence of owning an oast .
normally , cowls require considerable [work] and possible replacement every ten years — a costly consequence of owning an oast .

Thus , their solicitor drew up a document detailing joint responsibility for communal maintenance of roofs , courtyards and external paintwork .
thus , their solicitor drew up a document detailing joint responsibility for communal [work] of roofs , courtyards and external paintwork .

Wheelbarrow needs regular maintenance . here it is being checked over back in base after an operation
wheelbarrow needs regular [work] . here it is being checked over back in base after an operation

At first , like her many other activities , the home maintenance course at the Adult Education Centre had been just a desperate device to take her away from the boredom of George .
at first , like her many other activities , the home [work] course at the adult education centre had been just a desperate device to take her away from the boredom of george .

Their natural reaction to this is to shed leaves , to cut maintenance back to the essential main frame as it were , and this may happen during August or at the beginning of September , long before the frosts which generally trigger leaf fall .
their natural reaction to this is to shed leaves , to cut [work] back to the essential main frame as it were , and this may happen during august or at the beginning of september , long before the frosts which generally trigger leaf fall .

Given constraints on public expenditure , it is unlikely that the Government could be persuaded to introduce maintenance grants for 16 to 18-year-olds .
given constraints on public expenditure , it is unlikely that the government could be persuaded to introduce [work] grants for 16 to 18-year-olds .

Vern Clarke , 19 , a London Underground maintenance worker , caused the trial to be aborted , held up court proceedings for half a day and cost the taxpayer more than £7,000 .
vern clarke , 19 , a london underground [work] worker , caused the trial to be aborted , held up court proceedings for half a day and cost the taxpayer more than £7,000 .

Smoke alarms need very little maintenance , but they do need to be tested regularly to make sure they are in good working order .
smoke alarms need very little [work] , but they do need to be tested regularly to make sure they are in good working order .

The Social Services Department may be able to help with a maintenance scheme — contact the Social Services Occupational Therapist for further information .
the social services department may be able to help with a [work] scheme — contact the social services occupational therapist for further information .

If you are putting the lift in and paying for it yourself it is wise to take out a maintenance agreement and add the lift to your Home Contents Insurance .
if you are putting the lift in and paying for it yourself it is wise to take out a [work] agreement and add the lift to your home contents insurance .

Green gardening Waging war on weeds Geoff Hamilton finds that close planting beats the weeds , and a spot of pond maintenance keeps nature 's own living pest controllers happy in the organic gardens at Barnsdale .
green gardening waging war on weeds geoff hamilton finds that close planting beats the weeds , and a spot of pond [work] keeps nature 's own living pest controllers happy in the organic gardens at barnsdale .

When planning screens make sure that all areas will still be readily accessible , not only so you can enjoy the whole garden but also to make planting and maintenance easier .
when planning screens make sure that all areas will still be readily accessible , not only so you can enjoy the whole garden but also to make planting and [work] easier .

Planning a hedge The type of hedging plant you choose depends partly on the amount of annual maintenance you are prepared to undertake .
planning a hedge the type of hedging plant you choose depends partly on the amount of annual [work] you are prepared to undertake .

Despite the official socialist tendencies of these two parties , a substantial number of their voters do not appear to question the maintenance of a capitalist-type class structure in a new Ireland .
despite the official socialist tendencies of these two parties , a substantial number of their voters do not appear to question the [work] of a capitalist-type class structure in a new ireland .

It would seem that the special state character of Northern Ireland , with its very legitimacy always under threat , has been the main reason for the maintenance of this pattern of politics .
it would seem that the special state character of northern ireland , with its very legitimacy always under threat , has been the main reason for the [work] of this pattern of politics .

This grew from three to three and a half million by 1981 and was created by a combination of net immigration , earlier and more frequent marriage , and the maintenance of relatively high levels of childbirth .
this grew from three to three and a half million by 1981 and was created by a combination of net immigration , earlier and more frequent marriage , and the [work] of relatively high levels of childbirth .

Catholics and protestants became more and more segregated by school , as the Roman catholic bishops sought to bind in their flocks from outside influences , on the one hand to protect them from proselytism , and on the other to use the schools as a vehicle for the maintenance and development of faith .
catholics and protestants became more and more segregated by school , as the roman catholic bishops sought to bind in their flocks from outside influences , on the one hand to protect them from proselytism , and on the other to use the schools as a vehicle for the [work] and development of faith .

If the British system of policing is a social construction geared to the maintenance of élitist power and is primarily concerned to keep control over a materially disadvantaged underclass , then these same ‘ dangerous classes ’ seem to have willingly entered into this game of power-relations with their masters ; and by doing so they have deflected attention away from their own lack of privilege and power .
if the british system of policing is a social construction geared to the [work] of élitist power and is primarily concerned to keep control over a materially disadvantaged underclass , then these same ‘ dangerous classes ’ seem to have willingly entered into this game of power-relations with their masters ; and by doing so they have deflected attention away from their own lack of privilege and power .

This returns us to Arendt 's observation that secrecy is a prerequisite of totalitarianism , for those involved in the executive use of power know that to reveal is antagonistic to its maintenance .
this returns us to arendt 's observation that secrecy is a prerequisite of totalitarianism , for those involved in the executive use of power know that to reveal is antagonistic to its [work] .

Whether there is any social morality or justice in such a system is not a matter which the detectives are given to question ; nor do they spend much time in reflecting on why some dubious property acquisition is outside their terms of reference , or what the relationship is of such practices to the maintenance of position and power .
whether there is any social morality or justice in such a system is not a matter which the detectives are given to question ; nor do they spend much time in reflecting on why some dubious property acquisition is outside their terms of reference , or what the relationship is of such practices to the [work] of position and power .

In effect we were becoming structurally and visibly undisciplined , in a world where discipline has its import spelled out on every occasion . For example , Section 5 , para. 14 of the West Mercia Force Standing Orders is entitled the ‘ Maintenance of Discipline ’ , and contends :
in effect we were becoming structurally and visibly undisciplined , in a world where discipline has its import spelled out on every occasion . for example , section 5 , para. 14 of the west mercia force standing orders is entitled the ‘ [work] of discipline ’ , and contends :

there is no doubt that from the perspective of incumbents in positions of command or maintenance in structure , communitas — even when it becomes normative — represents a real danger , and indeed for all those , including even political leaders who spend much of their lives in structural role playing , it represents a temptation .
there is no doubt that from the perspective of incumbents in positions of command or [work] in structure , communitas — even when it becomes normative — represents a real danger , and indeed for all those , including even political leaders who spend much of their lives in structural role playing , it represents a temptation .

Of course not all policemen are in absolute positions of command even though they represent the maintenance of structure in more than a symbolic way ; and few can move into communitas to experience the temptations described above . Once again Turner ( ibid. 241 ) outlines the constraints of structure and the potentiality of standing outside :
of course not all policemen are in absolute positions of command even though they represent the [work] of structure in more than a symbolic way ; and few can move into communitas to experience the temptations described above . once again turner ( ibid. 241 ) outlines the constraints of structure and the potentiality of standing outside :

The system manager would also be the contact to whom the supplier would turn when arranging suitable dates for updating software , for example , and other maintenance work .
the system manager would also be the contact to whom the supplier would turn when arranging suitable dates for updating software , for example , and other [work] work .

Full maintenance cover is also available .
full [work] cover is also available .

Apart from giving advice on the size of accommodation , it lays down guidelines for the construction of consulting rooms and examination cubicles , with particular emphasis on sound insulation and the maintenance of confidentiality .
apart from giving advice on the size of accommodation , it lays down guidelines for the construction of consulting rooms and examination cubicles , with particular emphasis on sound insulation and the [work] of confidentiality .

It is the building and maintenance of this crumb structure or tilth that forms the basis of soil husbandry .
it is the building and [work] of this crumb structure or tilth that forms the basis of soil husbandry .

Such good management involves proper drainage , maintenance of a neutral pH , a balance between grazing and cutting , mixed stocking , controlled grazing and resting , the avoidance of physical damage ( particularly in bad weather ) , and the return of organic matter to the soil to make up for hay or silage removed .
such good management involves proper drainage , [work] of a neutral ph , a balance between grazing and cutting , mixed stocking , controlled grazing and resting , the avoidance of physical damage ( particularly in bad weather ) , and the return of organic matter to the soil to make up for hay or silage removed .

The maintenance of soil structure and fertility can become a major problem , particularly when the emphasis is on cutting for hay or silage , both of which are ‘ extractive ’ crops .
the [work] of soil structure and fertility can become a major problem , particularly when the emphasis is on cutting for hay or silage , both of which are ‘ extractive ’ crops .

There are enormous advantages to this system : the saving in time , the preservation of soil structure , the conservation of moisture , the buildup of organic matter in the topsoil and the maintenance of the earthworm population ( normally reduced by conventional cultivations ) .
there are enormous advantages to this system : the saving in time , the preservation of soil structure , the conservation of moisture , the buildup of organic matter in the topsoil and the [work] of the earthworm population ( normally reduced by conventional cultivations ) .

These tripods can be dismantled and stored in the minimum space and used without maintenance for many years .
these tripods can be dismantled and stored in the minimum space and used without [work] for many years .

All this conduces powerfully to the maintenance of the status quo .
all this conduces powerfully to the [work] of the status quo .

When Capital Transfer Tax was introduced in 1975 substantial exemptions were granted for outstanding historic houses , their contents and amenity land ( and provisions made for maintenance funds ) in return for public access and undertakings for conservation .
when capital transfer tax was introduced in 1975 substantial exemptions were granted for outstanding historic houses , their contents and amenity land ( and provisions made for [work] funds ) in return for public access and undertakings for conservation .

In the past , such houses had always been offered to the National Trust , which had initially taken them without endowment , accepting instead an undertaking that the Ministry of Works would make good any deficit on repairs and maintenance through a Historic Buildings Council grant .
in the past , such houses had always been offered to the national trust , which had initially taken them without endowment , accepting instead an undertaking that the ministry of works would make good any deficit on repairs and [work] through a historic buildings council grant .

If services are no longer to be held , even irregularly , there may still be a local farmer or former parishioner who is willing to carry out basic maintenance .
if services are no longer to be held , even irregularly , there may still be a local farmer or former parishioner who is willing to carry out basic [work] .

Once maintenance ceases , it is not long before the roof starts to leak , the plasterwork or the ceiling to become stained and damaged , and dry rot to take hold .
once [work] ceases , it is not long before the roof starts to leak , the plasterwork or the ceiling to become stained and damaged , and dry rot to take hold .

Sometimes the health authorities demolish the old buildings themselves and sell a cleared site for redevelopment ; sometimes they put the existing hospital on the market — very often in a dilapidated state , due to a lengthy programme of closure with minimal maintenance of the buildings .
sometimes the health authorities demolish the old buildings themselves and sell a cleared site for redevelopment ; sometimes they put the existing hospital on the market — very often in a dilapidated state , due to a lengthy programme of closure with minimal [work] of the buildings .

Attacking Men To Attack Women and Children : Government plans for child maintenance .
attacking men to attack women and children : government plans for child [work] .

Speakers/discussion on opposing plans to force absent fathers to pay child maintenance whether women want them to or not , and deduct that maintenance from mother on income support .
speakers/discussion on opposing plans to force absent fathers to pay child [work] whether women want them to or not , and deduct that [work] from mother on income support .

In future its aircraft will not be connected to passenger jetties during maintenance and the airline may employ full-time security teams to guard planes before boarding .
in future its aircraft will not be connected to passenger jetties during [work] and the airline may employ full-time security teams to guard planes before boarding .

The tunnels , given to us by Victorians and Edwardians , are slim , with no twin-tracking-that 's why we ca n't have an all-night service like New York 's ; the tracks have to be walked for maintenance and defluffing nightly .
the tunnels , given to us by victorians and edwardians , are slim , with no twin-tracking-that 's why we ca n't have an all-night service like new york 's ; the tracks have to be walked for [work] and defluffing nightly .

Monosodium and the acquisition of food preference in a European context , by France Bellisle , Alain Tournier and Jeanine Louis-Sylvestre Food today is more of a maintenance function than a pleasurable experience .
monosodium and the acquisition of food preference in a european context , by france bellisle , alain tournier and jeanine louis-sylvestre food today is more of a [work] function than a pleasurable experience .

As the railways run down and maintenance gets neglected , they keep going wrong : the steam-heating in particular .
as the railways run down and [work] gets neglected , they keep going wrong : the steam-heating in particular .

The wife was told that the only asset available to her was the matrimonial home and she agreed to take a lump sum of £12,600 with £2,473 maintenance for the two children .
the wife was told that the only asset available to her was the matrimonial home and she agreed to take a lump sum of £12,600 with £2,473 [work] for the two children .

Mr Justice Douglas Brown said that the defendants were negligent ( 1 ) in failing to appreciate that they were dealing with a husband of substantial means who might well be able to afford to pay , not only a lump sum , but also substantial periodical payments ; ( 2 ) in failing to obtain full disclosure of the husband 's financial affairs ; ( 3 ) in failing to realise that because of family trusts and wills the husband had an expectation of further assets ; ( 4 ) in advising the wife to obtain a mortgage when she had no taxable income ; ( 5 ) in recommending a settlement which removed the wife 's undoubted right to maintenance ; and ( 6 ) in failing to use ouster proceedings to remove the husband from the matrimonial home .
mr justice douglas brown said that the defendants were negligent ( 1 ) in failing to appreciate that they were dealing with a husband of substantial means who might well be able to afford to pay , not only a lump sum , but also substantial periodical payments ; ( 2 ) in failing to obtain full disclosure of the husband 's financial affairs ; ( 3 ) in failing to realise that because of family trusts and wills the husband had an expectation of further assets ; ( 4 ) in advising the wife to obtain a mortgage when she had no taxable income ; ( 5 ) in recommending a settlement which removed the wife 's undoubted right to [work] ; and ( 6 ) in failing to use ouster proceedings to remove the husband from the matrimonial home .

The wife was awarded £10,000 as a lump sum , £103,608 for loss of past maintenance , £203,000 for loss of future maintenance , £6,100 for inadequate property settlement , £2,500 for loss on mortgage payments and £5,000 for mental distress : a total award of £330,238 .
the wife was awarded £10,000 as a lump sum , £103,608 for loss of past [work] , £203,000 for loss of future [work] , £6,100 for inadequate property settlement , £2,500 for loss on mortgage payments and £5,000 for mental distress : a total award of £330,238 .

In effect he seems to be saying that Conservatism seeks to preserve social discipline through the maintenance of authority , and that therefore it stresses authority and social discipline .
in effect he seems to be saying that conservatism seeks to preserve social discipline through the [work] of authority , and that therefore it stresses authority and social discipline .

In the twentieth century the battles have been over quite different issues and in the courts the hitherto ancillary matters of child custody and maintenance have come to the fore .
in the twentieth century the battles have been over quite different issues and in the courts the hitherto ancillary matters of child custody and [work] have come to the fore .

Ellen Ross 's work has shown that among working-class Edwardians the marriage contract entailed a precise understanding of duties and obligations regarding maintenance ( on the part of the husband ) and household management ( on the part of the wife ) , but little by way of intimacy or romantic love .
ellen ross 's work has shown that among working-class edwardians the marriage contract entailed a precise understanding of duties and obligations regarding [work] ( on the part of the husband ) and household management ( on the part of the wife ) , but little by way of intimacy or romantic love .

They do n't have a clue what maintenance of buildings is all about .
they do n't have a clue what [work] of buildings is all about .

In its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .
in its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and [work] of premises impossible .

The general lines of reform must be to permit increases on prewar standard rents which will cover maintenance costs with a certain allowance for arrears ; but these costs should be certified by the relevant local authority and only collectable upon that authority 's certificate that the appropriate standard of maintenance has been attained .
the general lines of reform must be to permit increases on prewar standard rents which will cover [work] costs with a certain allowance for arrears ; but these costs should be certified by the relevant local authority and only collectable upon that authority 's certificate that the appropriate standard of [work] has been attained .

As soon as possible afterwards , the existing legal obligations on landlords in regard to repair and maintenance should be put into full force again .
as soon as possible afterwards , the existing legal obligations on landlords in regard to repair and [work] should be put into full force again .

It the maintenance of law and the management of delinquency are fundamental to any ordered society , responsibility for the old is scarcely less so .
it the [work] of law and the management of delinquency are fundamental to any ordered society , responsibility for the old is scarcely less so .

In 1922 3.32 per cent of all wagons lay idle for lack of maintenance .
in 1922 3.32 per cent of all wagons lay idle for lack of [work] .

This has not extended to the maintenance of capital assets once established , and of infrastructure such as roads , railways , and buildings .
this has not extended to the [work] of capital assets once established , and of infrastructure such as roads , railways , and buildings .

Despite the 1974–8 Kenya Development Plan stating ‘ there has been some counter productive harassment of these enterprises , which will be promptly ended ’ , in 1989 a complete informal vehicle maintenance site was abruptly closed down by the city government .
despite the 1974–8 kenya development plan stating ‘ there has been some counter productive harassment of these enterprises , which will be promptly ended ’ , in 1989 a complete informal vehicle [work] site was abruptly closed down by the city government .

The full costs of the project have now been covered by the Appeal and a modest maintenance reserve set up to help sustain the future of the House .
the full costs of the project have now been covered by the appeal and a modest [work] reserve set up to help sustain the future of the house .

• All maintenance and servicing apart from repair/replacement for damage caused by punctures .
• all [work] and servicing apart from repair/replacement for damage caused by punctures .

Fully comprehensive insurance , maintenance and servicing costs etc .
fully comprehensive insurance , [work] and servicing costs etc .

With cemeteries to maintain all over the world it is nor surprising that a variety of arrangements , contracts and agreements have had to be set up to ensure proper care and maintenance . In many far off lands the Commission 's gardeners have no knowledge of the English language , while their supervisors are not fluent in the native tongue ; the result has been , so the Commission reports , that a form of hybrid speech has developed in certain countries that would be incomprehensible to other natives of the country and to ordinary English-speakers , but which is ‘ very eloquent ’ on matters relating to cemetery maintenance !
with cemeteries to maintain all over the world it is nor surprising that a variety of arrangements , contracts and agreements have had to be set up to ensure proper care and [work] . in many far off lands the commission 's gardeners have no knowledge of the english language , while their supervisors are not fluent in the native tongue ; the result has been , so the commission reports , that a form of hybrid speech has developed in certain countries that would be incomprehensible to other natives of the country and to ordinary english-speakers , but which is ‘ very eloquent ’ on matters relating to cemetery [work] !

It had promoted social provision , income maintenance , and ( down to 1973 ) full employment , in contrast to the social misery after 1919 .
it had promoted social provision , income [work] , and ( down to 1973 ) full employment , in contrast to the social misery after 1919 .

The sum of £30 000 will go to the Country Council 's highways department for signposting and other capital costs , while £22 500 will be spent on footpath maintenance and improvement .
the sum of £30 000 will go to the country council 's highways department for signposting and other capital costs , while £22 500 will be spent on footpath [work] and improvement .

The longest-ever Land Rover was supplied last week to Eastern Electricity for overhead maintenance work .
the longest-ever land rover was supplied last week to eastern electricity for overhead [work] work .

In 1924 , though , Eliot has come to perceive The Golden Bough as a ‘ stupendous compendium of human superstition and folly ’ , seeing in it increasingly less ‘ interpretation ’ , so that it has become ‘ a statement of fact ’ which is not involved in the maintenance or fall of any theory of Frazer 's .
in 1924 , though , eliot has come to perceive the golden bough as a ‘ stupendous compendium of human superstition and folly ’ , seeing in it increasingly less ‘ interpretation ’ , so that it has become ‘ a statement of fact ’ which is not involved in the [work] or fall of any theory of frazer 's .

Marriage is one of the elements which leads to the formation and the maintenance of the inequality between classes and it does this at the expense of women .
marriage is one of the elements which leads to the formation and the [work] of the inequality between classes and it does this at the expense of women .

The inspectorate attaches mandatory conditions to the site licence - covering , for example , the need for maintenance to be carried out as specified in the maintenance instructions — and for inspections and tests also to be conducted in accordance with written procedures .
the inspectorate attaches mandatory conditions to the site licence - covering , for example , the need for [work] to be carried out as specified in the [work] instructions — and for inspections and tests also to be conducted in accordance with written procedures .

To make sure the rules are observed , and that photocopiers do not fall into ‘ undesirable ’ hands , 1,000 inspectors attached to the second section of the ministry 's Chief Directorate for the Maintenance of Public Order have been patrolling the nation .
to make sure the rules are observed , and that photocopiers do not fall into ‘ undesirable ’ hands , 1,000 inspectors attached to the second section of the ministry 's chief directorate for the [work] of public order have been patrolling the nation .

Police indicated that they would charge him under Zimbabwe 's Law and Order Maintenance Act for a statement he issued on Monday accusing the government of ‘ state terrorism ’ against students .
police indicated that they would charge him under zimbabwe 's law and order [work] act for a statement he issued on monday accusing the government of ‘ state terrorism ’ against students .

Sir : Surely with building as with anything else there is a distinction between maintenance and renewal .
sir : surely with building as with anything else there is a distinction between [work] and renewal .

The reconstruction of the interior of Uppark can not reasonably be described as maintenance .
the reconstruction of the interior of uppark can not reasonably be described as [work] .

Complete renewal , while providing a stage for experts to display their knowledge would deflect this limited resource from the true maintenance of historic houses , which is clearly a more valuable outlet for their talents .
complete renewal , while providing a stage for experts to display their knowledge would deflect this limited resource from the true [work] of historic houses , which is clearly a more valuable outlet for their talents .

The prospect of students saddling themselves with enormous debts to pay their course fees and their maintenance is a frightening one .
the prospect of students saddling themselves with enormous debts to pay their course fees and their [work] is a frightening one .

There was no provision of adult literacy training by the local education service , white-dominated and therefore with a vested interest in the maintenance of an educational charter where only those who were able to read could register to vote .
there was no provision of adult literacy training by the local education service , white-dominated and therefore with a vested interest in the [work] of an educational charter where only those who were able to read could register to vote .

After due consideration the Company levied high subscriptions on members to help with garden maintenance and decided to plant ‘ Nectorines of all sorts , Peaches , Apricocks , Cherryes and Plumes ’ , as well as herbs specifically for medicinal teaching .
after due consideration the company levied high subscriptions on members to help with garden [work] and decided to plant ‘ nectorines of all sorts , peaches , apricocks , cherryes and plumes ’ , as well as herbs specifically for medicinal teaching .

Sir Hans also helped with maintenance ; he gave the Society £100 to repair the steps to the river and was certainly instrumental in gaining another £100 from the College of Physicians .
sir hans also helped with [work] ; he gave the society £100 to repair the steps to the river and was certainly instrumental in gaining another £100 from the college of physicians .

Jacques 's visits to the LEAs and branches in the rural eastern counties confirmed his belief that without the continuing presence of high quality resident tutor-organisers in rural areas , few people would be prepared to accept responsibility for the organisation and maintenance of self-directing adult student groups in villages .
jacques 's visits to the leas and branches in the rural eastern counties confirmed his belief that without the continuing presence of high quality resident tutor-organisers in rural areas , few people would be prepared to accept responsibility for the organisation and [work] of self-directing adult student groups in villages .

One could not help respecting the man who still stood firmly for his rights , after having fought and suffered and been defeated in the struggle for their maintenance .
one could not help respecting the man who still stood firmly for his rights , after having fought and suffered and been defeated in the struggle for their [work] .

Isolation from centres of further education meant that these young folk often had no opportunity to participate in training and would welcome the opportunity of taking part in training courses such as welding , building maintenance , shearing , etc , which might improve their chances of employment in a rural area .
isolation from centres of further education meant that these young folk often had no opportunity to participate in training and would welcome the opportunity of taking part in training courses such as welding , building [work] , shearing , etc , which might improve their chances of employment in a rural area .

October to March was very much a care and maintenance period , keeping the animals fed .
october to march was very much a care and [work] period , keeping the animals fed .

Conoco also disclosed it has started a review of offshore maintenance operations could lead to a jobs rundown .
conoco also disclosed it has started a review of offshore [work] operations could lead to a jobs rundown .

To encourage the maintenance of , or , where appropriate , a reduction to a personally and socially safe level of alcohol unit intake .
to encourage the [work] of , or , where appropriate , a reduction to a personally and socially safe level of alcohol unit intake .

Cognitive–Behavioural treatments have been the most extensively evaluated interventions of all the psychotherapeutic schools in relation to these disorders and they do indicate that clients benefit in the short term , but little is known about the maintenance of change in the long term .
cognitive–behavioural treatments have been the most extensively evaluated interventions of all the psychotherapeutic schools in relation to these disorders and they do indicate that clients benefit in the short term , but little is known about the [work] of change in the long term .

Whilst endowing the local youth department ( Jugendamt ) for the first time with full and central responsibilities for the well-being of children and young people in their area and for the maintenance of high and uniform standards of services , the Act envisages that these responsibilities be discharged through the co-ordination of private and public agencies and organizations .
whilst endowing the local youth department ( jugendamt ) for the first time with full and central responsibilities for the well-being of children and young people in their area and for the [work] of high and uniform standards of services , the act envisages that these responsibilities be discharged through the co-ordination of private and public agencies and organizations .

The report in the Scottish Law Times does not refer to any evidence to support the view that the maintenance of contact between a child and a birth relative to whom he or she has attachments would cause harm to the child 's developing personality .
the report in the scottish law times does not refer to any evidence to support the view that the [work] of contact between a child and a birth relative to whom he or she has attachments would cause harm to the child 's developing personality .

The basic questions posed are : First , can children attach themselves to psychological parents whilst they also maintain contact or links with a non-custodial birth parent or other relative ? and second , would the maintenance of such links confuse the child and impair his developing personal and social identity ?
the basic questions posed are : first , can children attach themselves to psychological parents whilst they also maintain contact or links with a non-custodial birth parent or other relative ? and second , would the [work] of such links confuse the child and impair his developing personal and social identity ?

Continued natural gas consumption growth depends on the maintenance of price levels well below oil .
continued natural gas consumption growth depends on the [work] of price levels well below oil .

Although the persistent maintenance of negative real interest rates is an indication of the government 's underlying attitude to monetary policy , it is by no means certain that , under the conditions existing in Yugoslavia , high interest rates have a great deal of influence on expenditure .
although the persistent [work] of negative real interest rates is an indication of the government 's underlying attitude to monetary policy , it is by no means certain that , under the conditions existing in yugoslavia , high interest rates have a great deal of influence on expenditure .

Full entitlement to fees and maintenance could be offered to those on a basic income level ; 25 per cent to those earning , say , £12-£15,000 a year , and nothing to those with higher incomes .
full entitlement to fees and [work] could be offered to those on a basic income level ; 25 per cent to those earning , say , £12-£15,000 a year , and nothing to those with higher incomes .

The barristers warn that viruses can be perpetrated inadvertently by computer maintenance engineers and software companies .
the barristers warn that viruses can be perpetrated inadvertently by computer [work] engineers and software companies .

The maintenance of a firm currency has an important part in the battle against inflation , but if pursued uniquely by means of offering foreign holders of sterling an ever-increasing interest rate premium , the result will be severe damage to the British economy and the Tories ' chances of re-election .
the [work] of a firm currency has an important part in the battle against inflation , but if pursued uniquely by means of offering foreign holders of sterling an ever-increasing interest rate premium , the result will be severe damage to the british economy and the tories ' chances of re-election .

My father always did the fires , the garden , and cleaning the gas stove , as well as the usual maintenance jobs and the accounts ; and my mother always did the washing and ironing — among other things — and , of course , the shop .
my father always did the fires , the garden , and cleaning the gas stove , as well as the usual [work] jobs and the accounts ; and my mother always did the washing and ironing — among other things — and , of course , the shop .

He thinks they would cost too much in capital outlay and year-round maintenance .
he thinks they would cost too much in capital outlay and year-round [work] .

Maintenance in the Same should be problem-free .
[work] in the same should be problem-free .

Roy Lacey reflects on the value of intercropping and catch cropping in his small , low maintenance plot
roy lacey reflects on the value of intercropping and catch cropping in his small , low [work] plot

Meadow maintenance
meadow [work]

Ostensibly , they accepted the need for disarmament and the maintenance of the peace by sanctions , and even military action , organized by the League of Nations against aggressor nations .
ostensibly , they accepted the need for disarmament and the [work] of the peace by sanctions , and even military action , organized by the league of nations against aggressor nations .

He 's fixing us up in a flat , with kitchenette , out Godalming way , a live-in maintenance job .
he 's fixing us up in a flat , with kitchenette , out godalming way , a live-in [work] job .

Claudia explains how little maintenance her town garden needs .
claudia explains how little [work] her town garden needs .

Greenhouses with an aluminium structure cost less and are more convenient because they do not require any regular maintenance to prevent them deteriorating .
greenhouses with an aluminium structure cost less and are more convenient because they do not require any regular [work] to prevent them deteriorating .

In addition , wood will deteriorate and eventually rot unless it is given regular maintenance .
in addition , wood will deteriorate and eventually rot unless it is given regular [work] .

This psychological edifice , to the creation and maintenance of which she now devoted her energy , she pictured as a kind of large machine erected inside her body , stretching it out and making her tall and rigid like a hard glistening monument .
this psychological edifice , to the creation and [work] of which she now devoted her energy , she pictured as a kind of large machine erected inside her body , stretching it out and making her tall and rigid like a hard glistening monument .

noted in the 1890s that many sons would prefer to move rather than accept legal compulsion , and that their own old parents would often see relief as a right : ‘ the aged prefer a pittance from the parish ( regarded as their due ) to compulsory maintenance by children ; compulsion makes such aid very bitter .
noted in the 1890s that many sons would prefer to move rather than accept legal compulsion , and that their own old parents would often see relief as a right : ‘ the aged prefer a pittance from the parish ( regarded as their due ) to compulsory [work] by children ; compulsion makes such aid very bitter .

Smells , so often the reason for disinfection , are more appropriately dealt with by improving ventilation , remedial maintenance if necessary and more effective cleaning .
smells , so often the reason for disinfection , are more appropriately dealt with by improving ventilation , remedial [work] if necessary and more effective cleaning .

Only where there is a strong ‘ in-house ’ maintenance capability , and good liaison between users and the machine supplier , is it wise to treat chemicals as products in isolation .
only where there is a strong ‘ in-house ’ [work] capability , and good liaison between users and the machine supplier , is it wise to treat chemicals as products in isolation .

Equipment used in the food industries is often shared with general cleaning and maintenance departments .
equipment used in the food industries is often shared with general cleaning and [work] departments .

In as much as the purpose of the trials is to establish the suitability of a package of products , used for maintenance rather than remedial cleaning , it may also be necessary to arrange for a ‘ deep clean ’ prior to the trial otherwise the results may be distorted .
in as much as the purpose of the trials is to establish the suitability of a package of products , used for [work] rather than remedial cleaning , it may also be necessary to arrange for a ‘ deep clean ’ prior to the trial otherwise the results may be distorted .

Given that pre-trial standards were acceptable , the maintenance of , or an improvement in those standards is to be expected during and at the end of the trial .
given that pre-trial standards were acceptable , the [work] of , or an improvement in those standards is to be expected during and at the end of the trial .

Drying is critical to the maintenance of bacteriological standards .
drying is critical to the [work] of bacteriological standards .

Machine dish etc. washing : Methods require minimal activity on the part of the operator compared with manual methods but certain preliminaries are essential for correct functioning of the machine together with routine checks and maintenance . The most important are :
machine dish etc. washing : methods require minimal activity on the part of the operator compared with manual methods but certain preliminaries are essential for correct functioning of the machine together with routine checks and [work] . the most important are :

Vending machines : Cleaning is often combined with filling and routine maintenance and an effective method uses non cleaning periods to allow parts to be soaked without wasting time .
vending machines : cleaning is often combined with filling and routine [work] and an effective method uses non cleaning periods to allow parts to be soaked without wasting time .

Ruttan ( 1982 ) also distinguishes from productivity-enhancing research another type called ‘ maintenance research ’ defined as ‘ the research needed to prevent yield decline as a result of the evolution of pests and pathogens , the decline in soil fertility and structure , and other factors ’ .
ruttan ( 1982 ) also distinguishes from productivity-enhancing research another type called ‘ [work] research ’ defined as ‘ the research needed to prevent yield decline as a result of the evolution of pests and pathogens , the decline in soil fertility and structure , and other factors ’ .

There are a number of reasons why maintenance research is less attractive than productivity research in general , and particularly so for marginal areas .
there are a number of reasons why [work] research is less attractive than productivity research in general , and particularly so for marginal areas .

Maintenance research tends to be undramatic , unglamorous , and only missed when it is absent .
[work] research tends to be undramatic , unglamorous , and only missed when it is absent .

In the case of ecologically marginal farms , inhabited by politically marginal farmers , maintenance research is doubly unattractive .
in the case of ecologically marginal farms , inhabited by politically marginal farmers , [work] research is doubly unattractive .

By far the greatest part of maintenance research developed by institutions of state for marginal areas has been soil conservation techniques ( outlined in Ch .
by far the greatest part of [work] research developed by institutions of state for marginal areas has been soil conservation techniques ( outlined in ch .

However , certain aspects of maintenance research for eroded areas remain characteristically neglected .
however , certain aspects of [work] research for eroded areas remain characteristically neglected .

Home was Croydon , where she lived with her divorced mother in a council flat , supported by social security , supplemented occasionally by haphazard maintenance payments from her father , who was in the Merchant Navy and had not been seen since Val was five .
home was croydon , where she lived with her divorced mother in a council flat , supported by social security , supplemented occasionally by haphazard [work] payments from her father , who was in the merchant navy and had not been seen since val was five .

Thankfully , major advances in the industry have been made , and this has led to placing emphasis on the fundamental elements that are essential for a successful roof , namely : good design , quality materials and regular maintenance .
thankfully , major advances in the industry have been made , and this has led to placing emphasis on the fundamental elements that are essential for a successful roof , namely : good design , quality materials and regular [work] .

Similarly , repairs and maintenance should only be carried out by a specialist mastic asphalt contractor .
similarly , repairs and [work] should only be carried out by a specialist mastic asphalt contractor .

Their proposals established the amount of child maintenance and a Child Support Agency to assess , collect and enforce maintenance payments .
their proposals established the amount of child [work] and a child support agency to assess , collect and enforce [work] payments .

Maintenance after a divorce
[work] after a divorce

However , most children have two living parents and it is the rights and obligations of both parents that are at the heart of much of the current debate — particularly that surrounding divorce and the associated issues of maintenance , custody and access .
however , most children have two living parents and it is the rights and obligations of both parents that are at the heart of much of the current debate — particularly that surrounding divorce and the associated issues of [work] , custody and access .

For example , maintenance payments and child and one parent benefit can be added on to any earnings from employment to increase lone parents ' incomes .
for example , [work] payments and child and one parent benefit can be added on to any earnings from employment to increase lone parents ' incomes .

Conversely , they are all deducted from income support and housing benefit and maintenance are taken into account in calculating entitlement to family credit .
conversely , they are all deducted from income support and housing benefit and [work] are taken into account in calculating entitlement to family credit .

There is little information about maintenance and there are no national statistics .
there is little information about [work] and there are no national statistics .

In 1982–83 , 40 per cent of divorced women ( who had not remarried ) were receiving some maintenance ; 23 per cent received it for their children only , 12 per cent for their children and themselves and 3 per cent for themselves only .
in 1982–83 , 40 per cent of divorced women ( who had not remarried ) were receiving some [work] ; 23 per cent received it for their children only , 12 per cent for their children and themselves and 3 per cent for themselves only .

Those on income support do not gain financially from maintenance as the amount of the payments is deducted from their benefit .
those on income support do not gain financially from [work] as the amount of the payments is deducted from their benefit .

While the relative share of employment and social security benefits varied enormously from one country to another as sources of income for lone parents , maintenance payments generally contributed little to the income of lone parents , even if widows are excluded .
while the relative share of employment and social security benefits varied enormously from one country to another as sources of income for lone parents , [work] payments generally contributed little to the income of lone parents , even if widows are excluded .

It said the shift maintenance manager , who was likely to be overtired , used spectacles to read small print or figures but did not wear them while replacing the panel .
it said the shift [work] manager , who was likely to be overtired , used spectacles to read small print or figures but did not wear them while replacing the panel .

‘ One thousand new patients join every week , ’ says a spokesman , describing the scheme as ‘ a maintenance programme for teeth ’ supported by insurance to cover unforeseen risks .
‘ one thousand new patients join every week , ’ says a spokesman , describing the scheme as ‘ a [work] programme for teeth ’ supported by insurance to cover unforeseen risks .

The deal , which involves sharing the costs of catering and maintenance at both Zaventem airport in Brussels and Paris , is attractive because it gives access to slots at Brussels airport , seen as a future hub for travel to 70 cities around Europe .
the deal , which involves sharing the costs of catering and [work] at both zaventem airport in brussels and paris , is attractive because it gives access to slots at brussels airport , seen as a future hub for travel to 70 cities around europe .

The council and its development partners had offered 13 replacement football pitches on three alternative sites between a half and three miles away , with a £2 million endowment for their maintenance and about £4.5 million for other sites or facilities .
the council and its development partners had offered 13 replacement football pitches on three alternative sites between a half and three miles away , with a £2 million endowment for their [work] and about £4.5 million for other sites or facilities .

Your second option is to go for tailor-made and professionallyinstalled doors that combine the latest design and construction techniques with materials that promise minimal maintenance , and which include the bonus of having extra-wide sealed-unit double glazing and built-in weather-stripping .
your second option is to go for tailor-made and professionallyinstalled doors that combine the latest design and construction techniques with materials that promise minimal [work] , and which include the bonus of having extra-wide sealed-unit double glazing and built-in weather-stripping .

Set against these points is the maintenance problem ; softwood doors need regular decoration to keep rot at bay , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep them in good condition .
set against these points is the [work] problem ; softwood doors need regular decoration to keep rot at bay , and even hardwoods require regular treatment with preservative and stain to keep them in good condition .

They need minimal maintenance .
they need minimal [work] .

They need virtually no maintenance .
they need virtually no [work] .

The overnight maintenance work on HSTs in particular deserves the award of many medals .
the overnight [work] work on hsts in particular deserves the award of many medals .

Class 31 No 31486 and Class 47 No 47010 receive attention in the maintenance area of Crewe diesel depot on 22 June 1988 .
class 31 no 31486 and class 47 no 47010 receive attention in the [work] area of crewe diesel depot on 22 june 1988 .

On 19 January electric trains began operation between Bishop 's Stortford and Cambridge , and within three months authority was received to electrify the nearby ten-mile gap from Royston to Shepreth Branch Junction ( near Cambridge ) , the anticipated £2.5million costs being justified by savings in the use of rolling stock and lower maintenance costs .
on 19 january electric trains began operation between bishop 's stortford and cambridge , and within three months authority was received to electrify the nearby ten-mile gap from royston to shepreth branch junction ( near cambridge ) , the anticipated £2.5million costs being justified by savings in the use of rolling stock and lower [work] costs .

Some important changes were made to maintenance arrangements , whereby locomotives became attached first and foremost to specific traffic flows rather than to a defined geographical area .
some important changes were made to [work] arrangements , whereby locomotives became attached first and foremost to specific traffic flows rather than to a defined geographical area .

Many diesel depots ceased to carry out maintenance for the Railfreight sector , with some facing the axe such as Gateshead and others concentrating on work for other sectors such as Bristol Bath Road .
many diesel depots ceased to carry out [work] for the railfreight sector , with some facing the axe such as gateshead and others concentrating on work for other sectors such as bristol bath road .

The locomotive fleet may have become slimmer and generally older , but it still ended the decade in better overall shape thanks to this revised policy ; new maintenance procedures , and heavy expenditure on refurbishment of key types , also helped .
the locomotive fleet may have become slimmer and generally older , but it still ended the decade in better overall shape thanks to this revised policy ; new [work] procedures , and heavy expenditure on refurbishment of key types , also helped .

The integration of the Bed-Pan service with Thameslink operation from 1988 onwards , allowed dual voltage use of the similar , brand-new Class 319 units , dispatch of the 317s to the Great Northern and London Midland , and closure of the recently modernised Cricklewood maintenance depot into the bargain .
the integration of the bed-pan service with thameslink operation from 1988 onwards , allowed dual voltage use of the similar , brand-new class 319 units , dispatch of the 317s to the great northern and london midland , and closure of the recently modernised cricklewood [work] depot into the bargain .

Income Maintenance
income [work]

Road maintenance was the biggest source of complaint , with 54 % dissatisfied .
road [work] was the biggest source of complaint , with 54 % dissatisfied .

Amongst the performance criteria to be taken into account when deciding allocations will be councils ' willingness to involve the private sector in the management and maintenance of its housing stock , and the extent of tenant participation in the management of estates .
amongst the performance criteria to be taken into account when deciding allocations will be councils ' willingness to involve the private sector in the management and [work] of its housing stock , and the extent of tenant participation in the management of estates .

If their work is seasonal , do n't forget to change them back to a standard adult food ( so-called ‘ maintenance food ’ ) when they 're not working .
if their work is seasonal , do n't forget to change them back to a standard adult food ( so-called ‘ [work] food ’ ) when they 're not working .

Maintenance of coat :
[work] of coat :

Not so High Rocks , whose owners have steadily raised their admission charges in the last few years , threatened climbers with access restrictions , and put nothing at all back into the maintenance of the rocks , save to enclose them in a sturdy , reinforced fence .
not so high rocks , whose owners have steadily raised their admission charges in the last few years , threatened climbers with access restrictions , and put nothing at all back into the [work] of the rocks , save to enclose them in a sturdy , reinforced fence .

Paradoxically , the more moderate of them are insisting on the maintenance of their block votes because the party is still not fully democratic .
paradoxically , the more moderate of them are insisting on the [work] of their block votes because the party is still not fully democratic .

The Government says loans , to be introduced from next autumn , will share the burden of student maintenance more fairly between taxpayers , parents and students .
the government says loans , to be introduced from next autumn , will share the burden of student [work] more fairly between taxpayers , parents and students .

‘ If we were talking about tuition fees , not maintenance , then talking about serious disincentives would carry a great deal of weight , ’ he said .
‘ if we were talking about tuition fees , not [work] , then talking about serious disincentives would carry a great deal of weight , ’ he said .

But the bill only concerned maintenance .
but the bill only concerned [work] .

The National Audit Office , Parliament 's financial watchdog , in a report published yesterday estimates that another £330 million has had to be paid out to cover ‘ premature maintenance . ’
the national audit office , parliament 's financial watchdog , in a report published yesterday estimates that another £330 million has had to be paid out to cover ‘ premature [work] . ’

Rudder speaks of the manor being given to Flaxley Abbey by the Earl of Hereford , and that the ‘ Abbat had a grant of an iron forge and of two oaks every week out of the Forest of Dean , for the maintenance of the forge , of King Henry the Second ’ .
rudder speaks of the manor being given to flaxley abbey by the earl of hereford , and that the ‘ abbat had a grant of an iron forge and of two oaks every week out of the forest of dean , for the [work] of the forge , of king henry the second ’ .

Sandy Roughead , a maintenance engineer , came striding in their direction .
sandy roughead , a [work] engineer , came striding in their direction .

David Trippier and Chris Bonnington , the President of the Appeal , warmly congratulated Radox for its presentation of a cheque for £60,000 , the largest single sponsorship ever received by the National Trust for countryside maintenance .
david trippier and chris bonnington , the president of the appeal , warmly congratulated radox for its presentation of a cheque for £60,000 , the largest single sponsorship ever received by the national trust for countryside [work] .

Many people were along the right lines in naming the object as a hairdressing or veterinary tool , and among the more exotic replies were a Victorian music-box , a portable printing set and a wig maintenance kit .
many people were along the right lines in naming the object as a hairdressing or veterinary tool , and among the more exotic replies were a victorian music-box , a portable printing set and a wig [work] kit .

The expected production of 3.6 million units of electricity annually would create much-needed income for the maintenance of the estate .
the expected production of 3.6 million units of electricity annually would create much-needed income for the [work] of the estate .

Maladministration is particularly concerned with procedural matters ( as well as such obvious things as malice and discrimination ) so the maintenance of accurate records is particularly important in countering any such allegation .
maladministration is particularly concerned with procedural matters ( as well as such obvious things as malice and discrimination ) so the [work] of accurate records is particularly important in countering any such allegation .

Various studies have identified what is considered to be best practice for the maintenance of good discipline and the avoidance of pupil alienation , and the main recommendations are referred to below .
various studies have identified what is considered to be best practice for the [work] of good discipline and the avoidance of pupil alienation , and the main recommendations are referred to below .

At first it looked like a perfectly routine maintenance operation but as a precaution those in the tunnel were evacuated and the heavy steel doors at the eastern end barred and locked .
at first it looked like a perfectly routine [work] operation but as a precaution those in the tunnel were evacuated and the heavy steel doors at the eastern end barred and locked .

Nevertheless , large areas of the Palace remained very ill-lit ; servants who were responsible for the maintenance of the oil lamps , the only means of lighting the corridors and the small dark private staircases , were obliged to circulate day and night .
nevertheless , large areas of the palace remained very ill-lit ; servants who were responsible for the [work] of the oil lamps , the only means of lighting the corridors and the small dark private staircases , were obliged to circulate day and night .

Inevitably this led to confusion as to where the centre of power and decision-making really lay and seemed to preclude the maintenance of a coherent policy .
inevitably this led to confusion as to where the centre of power and decision-making really lay and seemed to preclude the [work] of a coherent policy .

In Berlin , Bismarck pretended to believe that the internal instability affecting France presented a danger to the peace of Europe , remarking to the British Ambassador that : ‘ If the present Constitutional Government in France had been three years instead of three months in existence , there would be some chance for its duration and the maintenance of peace .
in berlin , bismarck pretended to believe that the internal instability affecting france presented a danger to the peace of europe , remarking to the british ambassador that : ‘ if the present constitutional government in france had been three years instead of three months in existence , there would be some chance for its duration and the [work] of peace .

But in most circumstances , the focus will tend to be either more on the maintenance of social relations , or more on the conveying of information clearly , concisely and unambiguously .
but in most circumstances , the focus will tend to be either more on the [work] of social relations , or more on the conveying of information clearly , concisely and unambiguously .

So regular waxoiling and preventative maintenance , is the secret to long life and reliable service .
so regular waxoiling and preventative [work] , is the secret to long life and reliable service .

Marion does not qualify for a maintenance grant because her parents are well off , but they are also estranged , from each other and from her , so she is obliged to support herself at University with a variety of part-time jobs .
marion does not qualify for a [work] grant because her parents are well off , but they are also estranged , from each other and from her , so she is obliged to support herself at university with a variety of part-time jobs .

The importance of authorities for the generation and maintenance of conventions has led on occasion to ill-conceived attempts to explain the nature of authority exclusively by reference to conventions .
the importance of authorities for the generation and [work] of conventions has led on occasion to ill-conceived attempts to explain the nature of authority exclusively by reference to conventions .

To have that authority over members of the community one has to show , among other conditions imposed by the normal justification thesis , at the very least that members of the community on whom the scheme will impose some burdens have reason to contribute their share to the maintenance of the scheme .
to have that authority over members of the community one has to show , among other conditions imposed by the normal justification thesis , at the very least that members of the community on whom the scheme will impose some burdens have reason to contribute their share to the [work] of the scheme .

‘ The right to personal freedom ’ was secured in England by ‘ the strict maintenance of the principle that no man [ could ] be arrested or imprisoned except in due course of law … under some warrant or authority ’ .
‘ the right to personal freedom ’ was secured in england by ‘ the strict [work] of the principle that no man [ could ] be arrested or imprisoned except in due course of law … under some warrant or authority ’ .

In the financial year 1986–7 , the Severn-Trent Water Authority spent £14.2 million on land drainage , of which £7.6 million consisted of river maintenance work for the benefit of agriculture .
in the financial year 1986–7 , the severn-trent water authority spent £14.2 million on land drainage , of which £7.6 million consisted of river [work] work for the benefit of agriculture .

( Even so , it was still carrying out less than a fifth as many maintenance dredging programmes as the North-West and Thames Water Authorities . )
( even so , it was still carrying out less than a fifth as many [work] dredging programmes as the north-west and thames water authorities . )

Unsupervised River Maintenance
unsupervised river [work]

Such problems of inadequate pre-planning arise most commonly in river maintenance work , which is indeed the Cinderella of land drainage .
such problems of inadequate pre-planning arise most commonly in river [work] work , which is indeed the cinderella of land drainage .

All engineering on rivers in England and Wales falls into one or other of two categories : capital schemes and maintenance schemes .
all engineering on rivers in england and wales falls into one or other of two categories : capital schemes and [work] schemes .

Capital schemes , which are partially funded by grants from the Ministry of Agriculture , make substantial drainage improvements ; whereas maintenance schemes , paid for by rating precepts , aim at stopping floods from getting worse , by removing blockages such as fallen trees and shoals .
capital schemes , which are partially funded by grants from the ministry of agriculture , make substantial drainage improvements ; whereas [work] schemes , paid for by rating precepts , aim at stopping floods from getting worse , by removing blockages such as fallen trees and shoals .

However , since maintenance schemes often involve dredging and considerable tree removal , their impact on river habitat makes nonsense of the long-cherished claim by some river engineers that river maintenance is too minor an affair to concern environmentalists .
however , since [work] schemes often involve dredging and considerable tree removal , their impact on river habitat makes nonsense of the long-cherished claim by some river engineers that river [work] is too minor an affair to concern environmentalists .

The distinction between capital and maintenance schemes can sometimes amount to little more than an administrative technicality , and as grants for capital schemes are reduced , there is a possibility that old-style capital works will be slipped by under the banner of maintenance .
the distinction between capital and [work] schemes can sometimes amount to little more than an administrative technicality , and as grants for capital schemes are reduced , there is a possibility that old-style capital works will be slipped by under the banner of [work] .

In the same year , under a maintenance budget , it carried out full-scale dredging on 279 miles of river .
in the same year , under a [work] budget , it carried out full-scale dredging on 279 miles of river .

That same year , the total length of river dredged under capital schemes by water authorities in England and Wales amounted to an estimated 223 miles , as opposed to 1,165 miles of maintenance dredging .
that same year , the total length of river dredged under capital schemes by water authorities in england and wales amounted to an estimated 223 miles , as opposed to 1,165 miles of [work] dredging .

This trend presents anxieties to environmentalists since maintenance schemes have traditionally escaped not only all cost-benefit assessment , but also , in many cases , the careful integration of conservation principles .
this trend presents anxieties to environmentalists since [work] schemes have traditionally escaped not only all cost-benefit assessment , but also , in many cases , the careful integration of conservation principles .

In the remoter corners of water authority empires , which have had little more than a decade in which to professionalize themselves since their formation in 1974 , gangs of river maintenance staff inherited from the far less environmentally accountable river boards have guarded their independence from interference by senior central management within their own organizations .
in the remoter corners of water authority empires , which have had little more than a decade in which to professionalize themselves since their formation in 1974 , gangs of river [work] staff inherited from the far less environmentally accountable river boards have guarded their independence from interference by senior central management within their own organizations .

In 1954 the Ministry of Agriculture 's chief drainage engineer gave a paper on land drainage to the Institute of Civil Engineers . As reported in the proceedings of the institute , this was followed by some comments on river maintenance which might have been made only yesterday. :
in 1954 the ministry of agriculture 's chief drainage engineer gave a paper on land drainage to the institute of civil engineers . as reported in the proceedings of the institute , this was followed by some comments on river [work] which might have been made only yesterday. :

Engineers naturally preferred spectacular schemes so , being human , they tended to concentrate on new and important works , leaving maintenance to the foreman …
engineers naturally preferred spectacular schemes so , being human , they tended to concentrate on new and important works , leaving [work] to the foreman …

Consequently , unless carried out carefully and under constant supervision , maintenance tended to cost more than it should .
consequently , unless carried out carefully and under constant supervision , [work] tended to cost more than it should .

In this second document , then , the Secretary of State showed himself aware of some of the differing demands : breadth with no sacrifice of depth ; practical content that will not displace the theoretical ; the maintenance , even the raising , of ‘ standards ’ , with a welcome none the less for those who might have approached learning and assessment in a new way .
in this second document , then , the secretary of state showed himself aware of some of the differing demands : breadth with no sacrifice of depth ; practical content that will not displace the theoretical ; the [work] , even the raising , of ‘ standards ’ , with a welcome none the less for those who might have approached learning and assessment in a new way .

When his physical rehabilitation could be reduced to a maintenance level of about one session per fortnight , he started to attend the City University where the City Dysphasic Group organized special programmes in communication skills for adults who had suffered head injuries or strokes .
when his physical rehabilitation could be reduced to a [work] level of about one session per fortnight , he started to attend the city university where the city dysphasic group organized special programmes in communication skills for adults who had suffered head injuries or strokes .

One other task to carry out well in advance — the garden and exterior maintenance : all fences , gates , paths and steps should be repaired .
one other task to carry out well in advance — the garden and exterior [work] : all fences , gates , paths and steps should be repaired .

The stability of one affects the stability of all , and therefore the proper maintenance and repair of one affects the others .
the stability of one affects the stability of all , and therefore the proper [work] and repair of one affects the others .

This may have only a marginal effect on the owners of a semi , but in blocks of flats contributions have to be made to a maintenance fund .
this may have only a marginal effect on the owners of a semi , but in blocks of flats contributions have to be made to a [work] fund .

This is quite apart from items like new lifts and maintenance of grounds .
this is quite apart from items like new lifts and [work] of grounds .

In the case of a terraced house or semi , inspection ( so far as is possible ) must be made of party walls , roof junctions , fire partition of roof spaces , common drives and paths ; then let your solicitor deal with any problems of maintenance and repair arising , but be sure to establish the responsibilities .
in the case of a terraced house or semi , inspection ( so far as is possible ) must be made of party walls , roof junctions , fire partition of roof spaces , common drives and paths ; then let your solicitor deal with any problems of [work] and repair arising , but be sure to establish the responsibilities .

Can you afford the running costs and maintenance costs ?
can you afford the running costs and [work] costs ?

You are searching for damp and woodworm , for lack of maintenance , and for usability and quality , or lack of it .
you are searching for damp and woodworm , for lack of [work] , and for usability and quality , or lack of it .

Is renewal or maintenance needed now or in the near future ?
is renewal or [work] needed now or in the near future ?

Although in Mesopotamia kingship was never so important as in Egypt , its function was the maintenance of harmony between earth and heaven .
although in mesopotamia kingship was never so important as in egypt , its function was the [work] of harmony between earth and heaven .

The maintenance of an over-rate of at least 110 overs per six and a half-hour day .
the [work] of an over-rate of at least 110 overs per six and a half-hour day .

The rise and maintenance of liberal democracy in Britain owes much to protest , both lawful and unlawful .
the rise and [work] of liberal democracy in britain owes much to protest , both lawful and unlawful .

That of course is to express what can be a complicated legal matter in a simple way , but in highly charged and volatile situations the maintenance of such a balance by the police and trades union officials is not always easy .
that of course is to express what can be a complicated legal matter in a simple way , but in highly charged and volatile situations the [work] of such a balance by the police and trades union officials is not always easy .

It is a measure of the tension and complexities of our contemporary society that the police have gradually been transformed from a universal corpus of ordinary police officers performing all manner of general duties , including public order maintenance , to one which now in part approaches the quasi-military-order police model of continental Europe and elsewhere .
it is a measure of the tension and complexities of our contemporary society that the police have gradually been transformed from a universal corpus of ordinary police officers performing all manner of general duties , including public order [work] , to one which now in part approaches the quasi-military-order police model of continental europe and elsewhere .

The speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .
the speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and [work] of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .

Disposal of waste is big business , and one of the reasons why Britain receives so much is our maintenance of low prices of disposal .
disposal of waste is big business , and one of the reasons why britain receives so much is our [work] of low prices of disposal .

( Starter : Maintenance programme ; serves 4 )
( starter : [work] programme ; serves 4 )

For those on the maintenance programme only : 2 oz Shape or Tendale ‘ Cheddar ’ if desired
for those on the [work] programme only : 2 oz shape or tendale ‘ cheddar ’ if desired

( Maintenance programme : serves 4 )
( [work] programme : serves 4 )

Serve hot or cold ( with Shape Single or ice cream if desired by those on maintenance programme only ) .
serve hot or cold ( with shape single or ice cream if desired by those on [work] programme only ) .

Serve with Shape Single or ice cream if desired by those on maintenance programme only .
serve with shape single or ice cream if desired by those on [work] programme only .

Serve hot or cold ( with Shape Single or ice cream if desired by those on maintenance programme only ) .
serve hot or cold ( with shape single or ice cream if desired by those on [work] programme only ) .

( Maintenance programme : Makes one 20 cm/8 inch cake , serving 8 )
( [work] programme : makes one 20 cm/8 inch cake , serving 8 )

( Maintenance programme )
( [work] programme )

The result can be a dietary deficiency in the vitamins and minerals essential at all ages for the maintenance of physical and mental health and well-being .
the result can be a dietary deficiency in the vitamins and minerals essential at all ages for the [work] of physical and mental health and well-being .

Often required in combination with vitamins in many bodily processes , they are also vitally important for the maintenance and healthy development of bones , teeth and blood .
often required in combination with vitamins in many bodily processes , they are also vitally important for the [work] and healthy development of bones , teeth and blood .

With reproduction essential for the maintenance of the species , we can but assume that there is a basic biological drive to create .
with reproduction essential for the [work] of the species , we can but assume that there is a basic biological drive to create .

In 1739 ( and , later , in 1763 ) Acts were passed empowering the justices ‘ to raise and levy such able-bodied men as have not any lawfyl calling or employment … or do not make use of any lawful means for their support and maintenance , to serve as soldiers ’ .
in 1739 ( and , later , in 1763 ) acts were passed empowering the justices ‘ to raise and levy such able-bodied men as have not any lawfyl calling or employment … or do not make use of any lawful means for their support and [work] , to serve as soldiers ’ .

His scholarship was extended , but he was without maintenance until Bloomsbury House put him in touch with a sponsor .
his scholarship was extended , but he was without [work] until bloomsbury house put him in touch with a sponsor .

One month later , however , Sonja was working at Amersham Repertory Theatre as a student trainee — receiving no wages , but getting her maintenance paid by her ex-employer .
one month later , however , sonja was working at amersham repertory theatre as a student trainee — receiving no wages , but getting her [work] paid by her ex-employer .

Maintenance costs will be reduced because the engine will stay in tune — and you wo n't be paying for it to be stripped and decarbonised .
[work] costs will be reduced because the engine will stay in tune — and you wo n't be paying for it to be stripped and decarbonised .

It is generally believed today that hyperinflations can be avoided by the maintenance of a reasonable degree of control over the supply of money .
it is generally believed today that hyperinflations can be avoided by the [work] of a reasonable degree of control over the supply of money .

In a free market , and all things being equal — which is not always the case in regard to quality of training , aircraft maintenance etc — the cheaper establishments should attract custom to the detriment of the more expensive ones .
in a free market , and all things being equal — which is not always the case in regard to quality of training , aircraft [work] etc — the cheaper establishments should attract custom to the detriment of the more expensive ones .

Factor No. 2 : spares and maintenance
factor no. 2 : spares and [work]

Our first serious engine problem was in Amman , where King Hussein , an avid pilot , had offered all rally pilots free maintenance .
our first serious engine problem was in amman , where king hussein , an avid pilot , had offered all rally pilots free [work] .

The flight crews eagerly accepted the King 's hospitality ; our Tri-Pacer had been running so well we had little maintenance to do .
the flight crews eagerly accepted the king 's hospitality ; our tri-pacer had been running so well we had little [work] to do .

We refuelled , repaired the brakes and emptied some sand out of the aircraft , and the next day we checked the aircraft and weather and did some minor maintenance , returning to the hotel at 3.30 pm .
we refuelled , repaired the brakes and emptied some sand out of the aircraft , and the next day we checked the aircraft and weather and did some minor [work] , returning to the hotel at 3.30 pm .

This will include the maintenance of a constructive working relationship with the organisation 's personnel department .
this will include the [work] of a constructive working relationship with the organisation 's personnel department .

Home maintenance
home [work]

Home maintenance
home [work]

We have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .
we have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require [work] , space and insurance .

In the meantime we would have saved insurance , maintenance and depreciation costs .
in the meantime we would have saved insurance , [work] and depreciation costs .

Do not be afraid of home maintenance jobs .
do not be afraid of home [work] jobs .

Some household maintenance jobs may be beyond a young husband 's understanding but again this is an area where wise counsel can be recruited from the local body of Christ .
some household [work] jobs may be beyond a young husband 's understanding but again this is an area where wise counsel can be recruited from the local body of christ .

The Junkers also set about diverting social pressures that emerged from the spread of industrial and urban society and the creation of national identity away from socialist revolutionary solutions into naval and military expansion , anti-socialism , and the manufacture of a threat from the east that justified the maintenance of traditional German life — a life that was , of course , best represented in the continued existence of the Junkers .
the junkers also set about diverting social pressures that emerged from the spread of industrial and urban society and the creation of national identity away from socialist revolutionary solutions into naval and military expansion , anti-socialism , and the manufacture of a threat from the east that justified the [work] of traditional german life — a life that was , of course , best represented in the continued existence of the junkers .

The sportsman thoroughly disapproves of myxomatosis — the plague that now hits rabbit stocks almost annually — and he fervently hopes that reasonable stocks will survive in perpetuity not only for the maintenance of his sport but also out of regard for the rabbit itself .
the sportsman thoroughly disapproves of myxomatosis — the plague that now hits rabbit stocks almost annually — and he fervently hopes that reasonable stocks will survive in perpetuity not only for the [work] of his sport but also out of regard for the rabbit itself .

There would then be the cost of the general services to the hospital , such as catering , portering , cleaning , laundry and maintenance to be allocated on a ward basis .
there would then be the cost of the general services to the hospital , such as catering , portering , cleaning , laundry and [work] to be allocated on a ward basis .

the repair and maintenance of land and buildings .
the repair and [work] of land and buildings .

The cost of the 1908 old age pension was further reduced by both lower and upper income limits , a satisfactory record of behaviour in relation to employment , and the maintenance of relatives .
the cost of the 1908 old age pension was further reduced by both lower and upper income limits , a satisfactory record of behaviour in relation to employment , and the [work] of relatives .

Partly because of Treasury pressure to limit the overall cost of the scheme and partly due to ageist assumptions concerning the needs of older people , the National Insurance pension was set at a level of bare subsistence rather than adequate maintenance .
partly because of treasury pressure to limit the overall cost of the scheme and partly due to ageist assumptions concerning the needs of older people , the national insurance pension was set at a level of bare subsistence rather than adequate [work] .

It would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income maintenance element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .
it would comprise a basic allowance to compensate for the restrictions imposed by disability , regardless of whether the person was employed or not , together with an income [work] element — a pension paid when employment was interrupted or employment capacity was reduced partially by disability .

Once in Gaesti , the small army of volunteers , who also include two Alder Valley bus drivers , a nurse and the landlord of a public house , will set about supplying , renewing and repairing drainage , water supplies , electricity and carrying out general and essential maintenance at the home .
once in gaesti , the small army of volunteers , who also include two alder valley bus drivers , a nurse and the landlord of a public house , will set about supplying , renewing and repairing drainage , water supplies , electricity and carrying out general and essential [work] at the home .

The land will then be leased to the parish council at a peppercorn rent of 99 years , and from the next spring they will be responsible for its maintenance .
the land will then be leased to the parish council at a peppercorn rent of 99 years , and from the next spring they will be responsible for its [work] .

WaterAid provides ‘ know-how ’ to construct tube-wells and latrines : the villagers provide all the labour and are taught maintenance .
wateraid provides ‘ know-how ’ to construct tube-wells and latrines : the villagers provide all the labour and are taught [work] .

The additional traffic will travel over our private property causing increased expense , because we will be responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of the access road .
the additional traffic will travel over our private property causing increased expense , because we will be responsible for the upkeep and [work] of the access road .

They often claim to be working for the council and sometimes have ‘ road maintenance ’ painted on the side of their lorries .
they often claim to be working for the council and sometimes have ‘ road [work] ’ painted on the side of their lorries .

They do not deal with divorce but they have a very wide authority to deal with matters relating to children and maintenance claims arising from the breakdown of a marriage or relationship .
they do not deal with divorce but they have a very wide authority to deal with matters relating to children and [work] claims arising from the breakdown of a marriage or relationship .

Similarly magistrates can make maintenance orders often against the father for maintenance to be paid to the mother as well as the children .
similarly magistrates can make [work] orders often against the father for [work] to be paid to the mother as well as the children .

‘ That effort and expense however is sometimes wasted through poor design and maintenance of office equipment and furniture , which is a pity as potentially this could lead to declining standards of dress in the office . ’
‘ that effort and expense however is sometimes wasted through poor design and [work] of office equipment and furniture , which is a pity as potentially this could lead to declining standards of dress in the office . ’

Money spent wisely on repairs , preventive maintenance or sensitive adaptation is money saved , and the value of the property is maintained or enhanced .
money spent wisely on repairs , preventive [work] or sensitive adaptation is money saved , and the value of the property is maintained or enhanced .

Nothing much has changed in nearly 100 years however , and Mr. Walshaw has no plans to do anything more than careful , small scale enhancement and maintenance using traditional methods and family labour .
nothing much has changed in nearly 100 years however , and mr. walshaw has no plans to do anything more than careful , small scale enhancement and [work] using traditional methods and family labour .

Separate maintenance contracts , much longer than the minimum term of the lease , mean paying for maintenance after the machine has been returned .
separate [work] contracts , much longer than the minimum term of the lease , mean paying for [work] after the machine has been returned .

We had one controversial term — the Resale Price Maintenance Bill ’ , Lord Home recalled .
we had one controversial term — the resale price [work] bill ’ , lord home recalled .

For the rest of the decade they shone only on training sessions and ground maintenance work , and it was not until 1951 , some twenty years after Chapman 's enthusiastic advocacy , that the first official floodlit match was held , between Southampton and Tottenham reserves at the Dell .
for the rest of the decade they shone only on training sessions and ground [work] work , and it was not until 1951 , some twenty years after chapman 's enthusiastic advocacy , that the first official floodlit match was held , between southampton and tottenham reserves at the dell .

equipment , 2. repairs and maintenance , 3. subscriptions ( to memberships of organizations ) , 4. travel and subsistence and 5. materials .
equipment , 2. repairs and [work] , 3. subscriptions ( to memberships of organizations ) , 4. travel and subsistence and 5. materials .

( These figures excluded building maintenance . )
( these figures excluded building [work] . )

These duties are listed as : the preparation of desiderata lists ; the selection and purchase of books within broad terms of reference ; allocation of books between libraries ; classification and cataloguing of all books and materials ; revision of stock ; screening of withdrawn books ; screening of books for rebinding ; maintenance of central reserve stocks ; bibliographical work , including compilation of special lists and indexes ; the bibliographical aspects of inter-library loans and regional loans and of readers ' requests and reservations ; readers ' advisory and information service .
these duties are listed as : the preparation of desiderata lists ; the selection and purchase of books within broad terms of reference ; allocation of books between libraries ; classification and cataloguing of all books and materials ; revision of stock ; screening of withdrawn books ; screening of books for rebinding ; [work] of central reserve stocks ; bibliographical work , including compilation of special lists and indexes ; the bibliographical aspects of inter-library loans and regional loans and of readers ' requests and reservations ; readers ' advisory and information service .

‘ The less-favoured farming areas shall include mountain areas , in which farming is necessary to protect the countryside , particularly for reasons of protection against erosion or in order to meet leisure needs ; they shall also include other areas where the maintenance of a minimum population or the conservation of the countryside are not assured . ’
‘ the less-favoured farming areas shall include mountain areas , in which farming is necessary to protect the countryside , particularly for reasons of protection against erosion or in order to meet leisure needs ; they shall also include other areas where the [work] of a minimum population or the conservation of the countryside are not assured . ’

Maintenance of traditional husbandry and land management on upland farms could conserve man-made landscape features such as stone walls , hedgerows , and traditional buildings and also retain important nature conservation ‘ features ’ such as hay meadows , wetlands , heath and moorland .
[work] of traditional husbandry and land management on upland farms could conserve man-made landscape features such as stone walls , hedgerows , and traditional buildings and also retain important nature conservation ‘ features ’ such as hay meadows , wetlands , heath and moorland .

There is an inherent assumption in the Directive that maintenance of farming in the LFAs is necessary to prevent areas from falling into decline and becoming ‘ wildernesses ’ .
there is an inherent assumption in the directive that [work] of farming in the lfas is necessary to prevent areas from falling into decline and becoming ‘ wildernesses ’ .

There is provision for Member States to pay compensatory allowances at a higher rate under Article 15 where improvement or maintenance ‘ of the natural landscape ’ is important ( e.g .
there is provision for member states to pay compensatory allowances at a higher rate under article 15 where improvement or [work] ‘ of the natural landscape ’ is important ( e.g .

Rather it is the unplanned result of the maintenance of a generally traditional form of agriculture which is not over-exploitive of its fundamental resources .
rather it is the unplanned result of the [work] of a generally traditional form of agriculture which is not over-exploitive of its fundamental resources .

Its importance has probably contributed to the maintenance of the fabric of a traditional countryside .
its importance has probably contributed to the [work] of the fabric of a traditional countryside .

maximise income/minimise expenditure ( checking income tax , state benefits , maintenance payments etc . )
maximise income/minimise expenditure ( checking income tax , state benefits , [work] payments etc . )

Costs were also rising : costs of electricity , maintenance and crew wages ; all of which affected the new Marton cars adversely .
costs were also rising : costs of electricity , [work] and crew wages ; all of which affected the new marton cars adversely .

However they were always odd cars to the crews and the maintenance men , who had become accustomed to English Electric equipment , and were not particularly well-liked .
however they were always odd cars to the crews and the [work] men , who had become accustomed to english electric equipment , and were not particularly well-liked .

The tramways had suffered from a lack of maintenance , repair facilities being reduced by the manufacture of shells in Blundell Street Depot .
the tramways had suffered from a lack of [work] , repair facilities being reduced by the manufacture of shells in blundell street depot .

The condition of the track determines the smoothness of the ride enjoyed by a tram passenger , and so continuous maintenance work is needed by the track-gangs .
the condition of the track determines the smoothness of the ride enjoyed by a tram passenger , and so continuous [work] work is needed by the track-gangs .

This requires more maintenance than the welded grooved rail , but has the advantage of ready access and interchangeability from one side to the other .
this requires more [work] than the welded grooved rail , but has the advantage of ready access and interchangeability from one side to the other .

The Unimog all-purpose maintenance vehicle sweeps the Promenade of debris after a storm .
the unimog all-purpose [work] vehicle sweeps the promenade of debris after a storm .

But eventually the arguments all boil down to the fact that it is more economic to harvest the rainforest sustainably than clear-fell it in the idiotic way we have been doing until now , and that this is of immense benefit to us , the human species , because of the maintenance of that genetic diversity which will cure all sorts of dreadful diseases in the future .
but eventually the arguments all boil down to the fact that it is more economic to harvest the rainforest sustainably than clear-fell it in the idiotic way we have been doing until now , and that this is of immense benefit to us , the human species , because of the [work] of that genetic diversity which will cure all sorts of dreadful diseases in the future .

These filaments , which are in close association with the cell membrane , may be concerned with the maintenance of platelet shape and in pseudopod formation in conjunction with actin-binding protein and α-actinin ( Lucas et al , 1976 ; Schollmeyer et al , 1978 ) .
these filaments , which are in close association with the cell membrane , may be concerned with the [work] of platelet shape and in pseudopod formation in conjunction with actin-binding protein and α-actinin ( lucas et al , 1976 ; schollmeyer et al , 1978 ) .

Microtubules , of which tubulin is the major protein constituent , are located in a circumferential band in the equatorial plane just under the cell wall in discoid platelets , which suggests that they may be important in maintenance of the platelet cytoskeleton .
microtubules , of which tubulin is the major protein constituent , are located in a circumferential band in the equatorial plane just under the cell wall in discoid platelets , which suggests that they may be important in [work] of the platelet cytoskeleton .

It is thought that the platelet is necessary for the maintenance of normal vascular integrity in that patients with thrombocytopaenia show a generalised haemorrhagic tendency and bruising when the platelet count falls below about 5 × 10 9 /1 , spontaneous bruising and more severe bleeding being possible as the platelet count falls below 20 × 10 9 /1 .
it is thought that the platelet is necessary for the [work] of normal vascular integrity in that patients with thrombocytopaenia show a generalised haemorrhagic tendency and bruising when the platelet count falls below about 5 × 10 9 /1 , spontaneous bruising and more severe bleeding being possible as the platelet count falls below 20 × 10 9 /1 .

The mechanism for the maintenance of this functional integrity is yet to be established , but presumably would involve platelet adhesion to the endothelium .
the mechanism for the [work] of this functional integrity is yet to be established , but presumably would involve platelet adhesion to the endothelium .

Routine maintenance of buildings and gardens — gardener/handyman .
routine [work] of buildings and gardens — gardener/handyman .

Indirect Support Resources — Administrative and clerical staff , central support technicians , cleaning and catering staff , grounds and building maintenance implications , etc .
indirect support resources — administrative and clerical staff , central support technicians , cleaning and catering staff , grounds and building [work] implications , etc .

maintenance of existing roads
[work] of existing roads

The maintenance of the infrastructure
the [work] of the infrastructure

The maintenance of the infrastructure
the [work] of the infrastructure

Health Maintenance Organisations
health [work] organisations

If we turn to trusts we find Valens stating that if maintenance has been left by trust to freedmen without a sum being stated , then first of all the amounts usually paid by the deceased are to be taken into account , then his bequests to those of the same class , and failing these his assets and intimacy with the beneficiaries are to be considered .
if we turn to trusts we find valens stating that if [work] has been left by trust to freedmen without a sum being stated , then first of all the amounts usually paid by the deceased are to be taken into account , then his bequests to those of the same class , and failing these his assets and intimacy with the beneficiaries are to be considered .

Scaevola presents a similar case in which there is a legacy of a sum of money to one man , Seius , who is charged with payment of maintenance to freedmen ; in codicils the legacy is adeemed and the sum made over to another man , Maevius : is the trust due ?
scaevola presents a similar case in which there is a legacy of a sum of money to one man , seius , who is charged with payment of [work] to freedmen ; in codicils the legacy is adeemed and the sum made over to another man , maevius : is the trust due ?

Scaevola replies that , unless the testator is shown to have had other intentions , liability for maintenance is regarded as attaching to acquisition of the sum of money .
scaevola replies that , unless the testator is shown to have had other intentions , liability for [work] is regarded as attaching to acquisition of the sum of money .

One example may suffice : Ulpian , in discussing the duty on parents to maintain their children ( and vice versa ) uses of the consuls the words ali iubebunt , ‘ they will order maintenance ’ .
one example may suffice : ulpian , in discussing the duty on parents to maintain their children ( and vice versa ) uses of the consuls the words ali iubebunt , ‘ they will order [work] ’ .

The order for maintenance sounds as if it is something which will be enforced in specie ; yet in fact there is neither good reason to believe this , nor any need for that to be done .
the order for [work] sounds as if it is something which will be enforced in specie ; yet in fact there is neither good reason to believe this , nor any need for that to be done .

Both my cousins were operators in a cotton mill where Uncle George was a maintenance fitter , a job which had left its mark for he was minus a finger on each hand .
both my cousins were operators in a cotton mill where uncle george was a [work] fitter , a job which had left its mark for he was minus a finger on each hand .

maintenance of the building
[work] of the building

In addition to conversions , it was necessary to prepare spare equipment for maintenance of all trains going overseas .
in addition to conversions , it was necessary to prepare spare equipment for [work] of all trains going overseas .

By 21 February 1896 , the minute book informs us that ‘ the freeing of this school and site from debt brings this Company under the obligation of future maintenance as promised when the school was originally contemplated , and Mr. Park was authorised to arrange accordingly ’ .
by 21 february 1896 , the minute book informs us that ‘ the freeing of this school and site from debt brings this company under the obligation of future [work] as promised when the school was originally contemplated , and mr. park was authorised to arrange accordingly ’ .

He charged Sewell with the maintenance of discipline in the College ( which led to Sewell recommending the expulsion of only one pupil , although some students paid too much attention to tavern and skittle-ground ) .
he charged sewell with the [work] of discipline in the college ( which led to sewell recommending the expulsion of only one pupil , although some students paid too much attention to tavern and skittle-ground ) .

Some employers sponsor students by paying fees and maintenance ; there is widespread employer involvement in various forms of sandwich courses and work placements including , in some cases , co-operation in student assessment ; there are endowed chairs at universities and polytechnics ; there are sponsored courses sometimes with a single client as customer for the whole student cohort ; employers sit on various boards and committees concerned with activities from course unit level to governing body ; employers use academics as consultants and engage academic departments to do research for them ; there are sponsored research and collaborative projects ; and curriculum material is available at all levels — usually for free — from industrial and commercial bodies .
some employers sponsor students by paying fees and [work] ; there is widespread employer involvement in various forms of sandwich courses and work placements including , in some cases , co-operation in student assessment ; there are endowed chairs at universities and polytechnics ; there are sponsored courses sometimes with a single client as customer for the whole student cohort ; employers sit on various boards and committees concerned with activities from course unit level to governing body ; employers use academics as consultants and engage academic departments to do research for them ; there are sponsored research and collaborative projects ; and curriculum material is available at all levels — usually for free — from industrial and commercial bodies .

Management of a kind there must be however , for maintenance of direction and purpose of the whole provincial operation .
management of a kind there must be however , for [work] of direction and purpose of the whole provincial operation .

The relevant provisions are contained in s.2 of this Act , in particular s.2(2) ( e ) which refers to the provision and maintenance of a working environment for employees , ‘ that is , so far as is reasonably practicable , safe , without risks to health , and adequate as regards facilities and arrangements for their welfare at work ’ .
the relevant provisions are contained in s.2 of this act , in particular s.2(2) ( e ) which refers to the provision and [work] of a working environment for employees , ‘ that is , so far as is reasonably practicable , safe , without risks to health , and adequate as regards facilities and arrangements for their welfare at work ’ .

Whatever control method is chosen it must be rigorously adhered to and where specialised equipment is installed the design is all important , as is the correct operation and regular maintenance of such equipment in order to minimise any breakdown and subsequent odour problem .
whatever control method is chosen it must be rigorously adhered to and where specialised equipment is installed the design is all important , as is the correct operation and regular [work] of such equipment in order to minimise any breakdown and subsequent odour problem .

Spending on housing maintenance was frequently capitalized in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
spending on housing [work] was frequently capitalized in the late 1970s and early 1980s .

The various support and maintenance activities which could relatively easily be ‘ contracted out ’ were early targets .
the various support and [work] activities which could relatively easily be ‘ contracted out ’ were early targets .

Direct labour housing construction and maintenance departments of local authorities ( DLOs ) now have to compete with commercial tenders for much of their work .
direct labour housing construction and [work] departments of local authorities ( dlos ) now have to compete with commercial tenders for much of their work .

But legislation in 1987–88 has also brought an increase in moves towards more explicit privatization by making competitive tendering compulsory for a wider range of activities , including refuse collection , street cleaning and vehicle maintenance .
but legislation in 1987–88 has also brought an increase in moves towards more explicit privatization by making competitive tendering compulsory for a wider range of activities , including refuse collection , street cleaning and vehicle [work] .

But it is one thing to document the diversity in local authority expenditure and political activity ; it is another to account for its origins and maintenance .
but it is one thing to document the diversity in local authority expenditure and political activity ; it is another to account for its origins and [work] .

transitional arrangements involving existing contracts ( eg grounds maintenance ) ;
transitional arrangements involving existing contracts ( eg grounds [work] ) ;

structural repairs and maintenance ;
structural repairs and [work] ;

internal building repairs and maintenance ;
internal building repairs and [work] ;

building maintenance ;
building [work] ;

grounds maintenance ;
grounds [work] ;

delegated maintenance scheme .
delegated [work] scheme .

It is a normal sight to see the school technician discussing audio-visual maintenance , helping with a video presentation , instructing children in camera techniques or maintaining duplicating equipment .
it is a normal sight to see the school technician discussing audio-visual [work] , helping with a video presentation , instructing children in camera techniques or maintaining duplicating equipment .

Likewise the maintenance of the building is via the Delegated Maintenance Scheme .
likewise the [work] of the building is via the delegated [work] scheme .

the picture regarding general building maintenance ;
the picture regarding general building [work] ;

Equally , a number of property services departments have often managed all local-authority properties from one budget for , say , property maintenance , with no absolute need to identify separate budgets for , say , social services or schools , let alone identify in the accounts individual invoices received following repairs to individual establishments .
equally , a number of property services departments have often managed all local-authority properties from one budget for , say , property [work] , with no absolute need to identify separate budgets for , say , social services or schools , let alone identify in the accounts individual invoices received following repairs to individual establishments .

The seven schools were to manage their own finances , all items were delegated except school meals , premises maintenance , school transport and loan charges .
the seven schools were to manage their own finances , all items were delegated except school meals , premises [work] , school transport and loan charges .

It is not enough for the Commission merely to show that the merger will create or strengthen such a market position if the maintenance or development of effective competition would not be likely to be impaired .
it is not enough for the commission merely to show that the merger will create or strengthen such a market position if the [work] or development of effective competition would not be likely to be impaired .

Instead of having to prove substantial fettering of competition , it may now be enough for the Commission to show that competition has already been weakened by the presence of the dominant undertaking and that some further action on its part would impede the maintenance or development of effective competition in ( or in a substantial part of the Common Market .
instead of having to prove substantial fettering of competition , it may now be enough for the commission to show that competition has already been weakened by the presence of the dominant undertaking and that some further action on its part would impede the [work] or development of effective competition in ( or in a substantial part of the common market .

But when you do achieve it , you will find that you can then use aerobic walking as part of an ongoing maintenance programme to keep you at your goal weight .
but when you do achieve it , you will find that you can then use aerobic walking as part of an ongoing [work] programme to keep you at your goal weight .

Expert Systems for Maintenance Engineering
expert systems for [work] engineering

It has been thought that aircraft maintenance problems i.e .
it has been thought that aircraft [work] problems i.e .

Many agree that for too many years we have been ‘ data rich ’ but not capable of computerising the knowledge and experience of highly skilled maintenance engineers .
many agree that for too many years we have been ‘ data rich ’ but not capable of computerising the knowledge and experience of highly skilled [work] engineers .

In this paper expert systems technology is explained and shown how it can be applied to ‘ real ’ aircraft maintenance problems .
in this paper expert systems technology is explained and shown how it can be applied to ‘ real ’ aircraft [work] problems .

Also described is how expert systems can enhance human expertise and allow it to be used more efficiently in the specific working environment of aircraft maintenance .
also described is how expert systems can enhance human expertise and allow it to be used more efficiently in the specific working environment of aircraft [work] .

The reasons for using expert systems technology in aircraft maintenance are explained .
the reasons for using expert systems technology in aircraft [work] are explained .

Knowledge in Aircraft Maintenance
knowledge in aircraft [work]

Main characteristics of today 's maintenance problems Many of the activities in aircraft maintenance , particularly failure detection , testing , diagnosis and repair , are knowledge-intensive and experience-based tasks .
main characteristics of today 's [work] problems many of the activities in aircraft [work] , particularly failure detection , testing , diagnosis and repair , are knowledge-intensive and experience-based tasks .

What is needed to solve today 's maintenance problems ? Although test maintenance manuals contain recommended procedures for detection , repair , procedures alone do not assure successful completion of trouble-shooting and repair in a timely manner for the following reasons :
what is needed to solve today 's [work] problems ? although test [work] manuals contain recommended procedures for detection , repair , procedures alone do not assure successful completion of trouble-shooting and repair in a timely manner for the following reasons :

Today , the most important parts of an aircraft maintenance problemsolving process are expertise and reasoning .
today , the most important parts of an aircraft [work] problemsolving process are expertise and reasoning .

They are becoming increasingly critical to aircraft maintenance operations due to the shortfalls in trained and skilled staff experienced by the aviation world .
they are becoming increasingly critical to aircraft [work] operations due to the shortfalls in trained and skilled staff experienced by the aviation world .

Skilled maintenance engineers , apart from using test procedures and maintenance manuals , use their intuition or heuristics and an understanding of how the system works to solve problems .
skilled [work] engineers , apart from using test procedures and [work] manuals , use their intuition or heuristics and an understanding of how the system works to solve problems .

maintenance of a certain type of aircraft system/equipment .
[work] of a certain type of aircraft system/equipment .

The expert intuition is not found in manuals so skilled maintenance engineers use two types of knowledge :
the expert intuition is not found in manuals so skilled [work] engineers use two types of knowledge :

Artificial Intelligence research has shown that when the maintenance experts are confronted with a problem they analyse the problem in a structured manner rather than randomly trying all possible alternatives .
artificial intelligence research has shown that when the [work] experts are confronted with a problem they analyse the problem in a structured manner rather than randomly trying all possible alternatives .

Based on years of experience , a highly skilled maintenance engineer develops the following expertise :
based on years of experience , a highly skilled [work] engineer develops the following expertise :

An experienced maintenance engineer approaches a problem as follows :
an experienced [work] engineer approaches a problem as follows :

‘ How to do it ? ’ This required rapid access to large amounts of technical documentation and/or maintenance procedures .
‘ how to do it ? ’ this required rapid access to large amounts of technical documentation and/or [work] procedures .

It is generally accepted that for both the ageing and new/modern aircraft , the complexity of maintenance problems ( i.e .
it is generally accepted that for both the ageing and new/modern aircraft , the complexity of [work] problems ( i.e .

It is evident that today the expertise ( knowledge + expertise ) and reasoning strategies used by highly skilled maintenance engineers are the most critical areas of the problem-solving process .
it is evident that today the expertise ( knowledge + expertise ) and reasoning strategies used by highly skilled [work] engineers are the most critical areas of the problem-solving process .

When skilled maintenance staff carry out actions , such as fault detection , testing , diagnosing and repair , they do not do so by solving sets of mathematical equations .
when skilled [work] staff carry out actions , such as fault detection , testing , diagnosing and repair , they do not do so by solving sets of mathematical equations .

2.4 Reasons for Using Expert Systems in Aircraft Maintenance
2.4 reasons for using expert systems in aircraft [work]

The main reasons for using expert systems in aircraft maintenance are as follows :
the main reasons for using expert systems in aircraft [work] are as follows :

That requires fast response and qualified diagnosis of highly skilled maintenance engineers who should be available any time of the day and night for the whole year .
that requires fast response and qualified diagnosis of highly skilled [work] engineers who should be available any time of the day and night for the whole year .

Faults occur at less frequent intervals and this means that human maintenance expertise can deteriorate through lack of practice .
faults occur at less frequent intervals and this means that human [work] expertise can deteriorate through lack of practice .

However , if maintenance expertise can be ‘ captured ’ in an expert system , then it is permanently available and unaffected by disuse or use .
however , if [work] expertise can be ‘ captured ’ in an expert system , then it is permanently available and unaffected by disuse or use .

Sometimes the maintenance engineer is dealing with a type of failure he has never had before .
sometimes the [work] engineer is dealing with a type of failure he has never had before .

2.5 Advantages of Expert Systems in Aircraft Maintenance
2.5 advantages of expert systems in aircraft [work]

It means that expert systems will never be able to replace skilled maintenance engineers .
it means that expert systems will never be able to replace skilled [work] engineers .

Applications of expert systems in aircraft maintenance include :
applications of expert systems in aircraft [work] include :

Planning and scheduling of maintenance activities
planning and scheduling of [work] activities

Bridge the expanding number of technologies used in aircraft maintenance
bridge the expanding number of technologies used in aircraft [work]

3 . The Level of Application of Expert Systems Technology in Aircraft Maintenance
3 . the level of application of expert systems technology in aircraft [work]

However , it is estimated that although there is a lot of work going on in ESs in universities , companies and research departments worldwide , only a few dozen are in regular use in aircraft maintenance .
however , it is estimated that although there is a lot of work going on in ess in universities , companies and research departments worldwide , only a few dozen are in regular use in aircraft [work] .

Aircraft maintenance function would be considered today as having five generations of development , as follows ( see Fig. 5 ) :
aircraft [work] function would be considered today as having five generations of development , as follows ( see fig. 5 ) :

The 5th generation — Expert Systems — must be seen as being applied to the first four generations of Maintenance but at the same time trying to integrate them as well .
the 5th generation — expert systems — must be seen as being applied to the first four generations of [work] but at the same time trying to integrate them as well .

Breakdown Maintenance + Expert Systems
breakdown [work] + expert systems

The transitions mentioned above are envisaged to become ‘ standard development ’ for expert systems in aircraft maintenance in the next few years .
the transitions mentioned above are envisaged to become ‘ standard development ’ for expert systems in aircraft [work] in the next few years .

Reliability Centred Maintenance + Expert Systems
reliability centred [work] + expert systems

This application would be in the form of a new ‘ breed ’ of expert systems that will be used in aircraft maintenance .
this application would be in the form of a new ‘ breed ’ of expert systems that will be used in aircraft [work] .

Computer Maintenance Management System + Expert System
computer [work] management system + expert system

The development of an expert system for failure diagnosis/prediction , test and maintenance of complex machinery is affordable and achievable today .
the development of an expert system for failure diagnosis/prediction , test and [work] of complex machinery is affordable and achievable today .

The application of expert systems in aircraft maintenance would lead to the integration of its four generations that are ( more or less ) used today in the aviation industry .
the application of expert systems in aircraft [work] would lead to the integration of its four generations that are ( more or less ) used today in the aviation industry .

During such time-constrained investigations rapid assessment is required of the impact of proposed maintenance actions .
during such time-constrained investigations rapid assessment is required of the impact of proposed [work] actions .

Given that these benefits are transferable , then there is the potential for ensuring smooth aircraft operations and safety by providing intelligent decision support environments to aircraft maintenance staff .
given that these benefits are transferable , then there is the potential for ensuring smooth aircraft operations and safety by providing intelligent decision support environments to aircraft [work] staff .

Advanced Expert Systems Increase Aircraft Maintenance Efficiency An Overview
advanced expert systems increase aircraft [work] efficiency an overview

Pressure continues to be applied to aircraft maintenance organisations with a view to improving the efficiency of their operations .
pressure continues to be applied to aircraft [work] organisations with a view to improving the efficiency of their operations .

Moreover , they seek cost effective ‘ competency based ’ training methods for their maintenance tradeforce .
moreover , they seek cost effective ‘ competency based ’ training methods for their [work] tradeforce .

The Aircraft Maintenance Scene
the aircraft [work] scene

Aircraft Maintenance in Context
aircraft [work] in context

Key resources are technical personnel and aircraft spare parts which account for the largest share of the maintenance budget .
key resources are technical personnel and aircraft spare parts which account for the largest share of the [work] budget .

However , maintenance is more than a cost centre because it affects aircraft availability .
however , [work] is more than a cost centre because it affects aircraft availability .

Increasing Maintenance Workload
increasing [work] workload

Although such developments are primarily intended to introduce operating benefits , ie improved specific fuel consumption or thrust to weight ratio , reduced flightdeck workload etc , their maintenance workload implications are less certain .
although such developments are primarily intended to introduce operating benefits , ie improved specific fuel consumption or thrust to weight ratio , reduced flightdeck workload etc , their [work] workload implications are less certain .

Mature aircraft however , suffer specific , age related problems such as corrosion , wiring integrity , increased structural cracking , fuel leaks etc , these require additional maintenance actions .
mature aircraft however , suffer specific , age related problems such as corrosion , wiring integrity , increased structural cracking , fuel leaks etc , these require additional [work] actions .

Under such circumstances a substantial increase in aircraft maintenance workload prevails .
under such circumstances a substantial increase in aircraft [work] workload prevails .

Shortage of Maintenance Resources
shortage of [work] resources

During times of rapid growth demand for aircraft maintenance resources also tends to outstrip supply .
during times of rapid growth demand for aircraft [work] resources also tends to outstrip supply .

The increasing size and complexity of the aircraft maintenance workload coupled with limited availability of resources to meet this commitment provide the catalyst to seek improved efficiency from aircraft maintenance organisations .
the increasing size and complexity of the aircraft [work] workload coupled with limited availability of resources to meet this commitment provide the catalyst to seek improved efficiency from aircraft [work] organisations .

One such initiative is that presented by the application of advanced expert systems to aircraft maintenance operations .
one such initiative is that presented by the application of advanced expert systems to aircraft [work] operations .

Practical features resulting from this are functions such as Trace , Freeze and Truth Maintenance .
practical features resulting from this are functions such as trace , freeze and truth [work] .

The ability to go back to a previous question in order to modify an answer/input in light of current best information is provided by Truth Maintenance .
the ability to go back to a previous question in order to modify an answer/input in light of current best information is provided by truth [work] .

Advanced Expert Systems and Aircraft Maintenance
advanced expert systems and aircraft [work]

Aircraft maintenance organisations do not operate within a vacuum , remote from other systems .
aircraft [work] organisations do not operate within a vacuum , remote from other systems .

There exists a particularly strong relationship with aircraft operations which frequently impacts upon the maintenance function .
there exists a particularly strong relationship with aircraft operations which frequently impacts upon the [work] function .

Within this environment , aircraft maintenance organisations strive to improve the productivity of their tradeforce and reduce aircraft spare parts held .
within this environment , aircraft [work] organisations strive to improve the productivity of their tradeforce and reduce aircraft spare parts held .

Moreover , they seek cost effective , ‘ competency based ’ training methods for their maintenance workforce .
moreover , they seek cost effective , ‘ competency based ’ training methods for their [work] workforce .

Maintenance Tradeforce Productivity
[work] tradeforce productivity

Maintenance workload definition , the optimisation of repair timings and the swift navigation through high volume , complex technical documentation .
[work] workload definition , the optimisation of repair timings and the swift navigation through high volume , complex technical documentation .

All three elements have a significant effect upon the overall efficiency of any maintenance operation .
all three elements have a significant effect upon the overall efficiency of any [work] operation .

This has led to increased complexity of the maintenance workload .
this has led to increased complexity of the [work] workload .

Coincidentally , maintainability improvements , incorporated into designs , have continued in an effort to reduce the maintenance element of aircraft life cycle costs .
coincidentally , maintainability improvements , incorporated into designs , have continued in an effort to reduce the [work] element of aircraft life cycle costs .

It is clear that a swing has occurred to a position where the greatest proportion of maintenance effort is now spent at the problem/solution identification stage .
it is clear that a swing has occurred to a position where the greatest proportion of [work] effort is now spent at the problem/solution identification stage .

Non-Destructive Testing and Condition Monitoring : The anticipation of maintenance problems is significant in terms of aircraft airworthiness and economic considerations .
non-destructive testing and condition monitoring : the anticipation of [work] problems is significant in terms of aircraft airworthiness and economic considerations .

Nondestructive testing and predictive maintenance offer the potential to enable the maintenance engineer to gain that important edge on the occurrence of maintenance problems .
nondestructive testing and predictive [work] offer the potential to enable the [work] engineer to gain that important edge on the occurrence of [work] problems .

Repair Timings : Repair timings may be considered at three distinct levels , the defer/do now decision , scheduled maintenance task sequencing and component life decisions .
repair timings : repair timings may be considered at three distinct levels , the defer/do now decision , scheduled [work] task sequencing and component life decisions .

The defer/do now decision ( sometimes referred to as the go/no go decision ) is frequently encountered within the field of aircraft maintenance .
the defer/do now decision ( sometimes referred to as the go/no go decision ) is frequently encountered within the field of aircraft [work] .

Expert decision support can be employed to give consistent advice to maintenance engineers ensuring that risk is correctly assessed and minimised .
expert decision support can be employed to give consistent advice to [work] engineers ensuring that risk is correctly assessed and minimised .

Scheduled Maintenance Task Sequencing : Quality , cost and delivery performance ( time ) are important criteria upon which an aircraft scheduled maintenance organisation is assessed .
scheduled [work] task sequencing : quality , cost and delivery performance ( time ) are important criteria upon which an aircraft scheduled [work] organisation is assessed .

Therefore the plan of how the maintenance operation is to be achieved is a significant factor in underwriting delivery confidence .
therefore the plan of how the [work] operation is to be achieved is a significant factor in underwriting delivery confidence .

At best inaccurate technical publications and documentation cause workforce frustration , lower productivity and reduced maintenance operation efficiency .
at best inaccurate technical publications and documentation cause workforce frustration , lower productivity and reduced [work] operation efficiency .

Expert systems interfaced with hypermedia provide a powerful combination in terms of maintenance expertise superimposed upon differing display media .
expert systems interfaced with hypermedia provide a powerful combination in terms of [work] expertise superimposed upon differing display media .

Maintenance Logistics
[work] logistics

Aircraft spare parts are important resources to aircraft maintenance .
aircraft spare parts are important resources to aircraft [work] .

However , the consequences of non-availability of aircraft spares when called for is delay to the maintenance operation or the initiation of component transfer from one aircraft to another .
however , the consequences of non-availability of aircraft spares when called for is delay to the [work] operation or the initiation of component transfer from one aircraft to another .

Advanced expert systems form an interface between maintenance and conventional , inventory control systems , assisting with vital logistics decisions and moving closer to just-in-time provisioning .
advanced expert systems form an interface between [work] and conventional , inventory control systems , assisting with vital logistics decisions and moving closer to just-in-time provisioning .

The incorporation of new technologies into aircraft design and manufacture increases the training needs of the aircraft maintenance tradeforce .
the incorporation of new technologies into aircraft design and manufacture increases the training needs of the aircraft [work] tradeforce .

Such systems offer scope to allow aircraft maintenance engineers to transfer between aircraft types more easily .
such systems offer scope to allow aircraft [work] engineers to transfer between aircraft types more easily .

Therefore , such systems can make a significant contribution to maintenance tradeforce flexibility and job satisfaction .
therefore , such systems can make a significant contribution to [work] tradeforce flexibility and job satisfaction .

In conclusion , methods are continuously being sought which will enable aircraft maintenance organisations to improve the efficiency of their operations .
in conclusion , methods are continuously being sought which will enable aircraft [work] organisations to improve the efficiency of their operations .

Advanced expert systems deal with the whole problem solving process from problem sensed to problem overcome , integrating with other conventional applications programs to provide extremely powerful software tools for aircraft maintenance .
advanced expert systems deal with the whole problem solving process from problem sensed to problem overcome , integrating with other conventional applications programs to provide extremely powerful software tools for aircraft [work] .

Steve Docker is an aerospace consultant specialising in artificial intelligence techniques applied to aerospace and in particular , expert systems and aircraft maintenance engineering .
steve docker is an aerospace consultant specialising in artificial intelligence techniques applied to aerospace and in particular , expert systems and aircraft [work] engineering .

He has also undertaken an MSc in Air Transport Management at the Cranfield Institute of Technology researching aircraft scheduled maintenance planning and control .
he has also undertaken an msc in air transport management at the cranfield institute of technology researching aircraft scheduled [work] planning and control .

Some had gone back to their villages ; some to the pottery ; some to begin the maintenance tasks that would take place , at the yard or by the hearth , all through the winter .
some had gone back to their villages ; some to the pottery ; some to begin the [work] tasks that would take place , at the yard or by the hearth , all through the winter .

PVCs has low maintenance requirements and usually will last beyond the life of the house itself .
pvcs has low [work] requirements and usually will last beyond the life of the house itself .

In no circumstances can a debtor now be sent to prison for failing , no matter how deliberately , to pay a hotel bill or an account with a shop or a hire-purchase debt , yet the air has not been filled with the ululations of stricken credit traders unable to recover their money . ( Lord McGregor of Durris , Legal Fiction and Social Reality : the Case of Maintenance Defaulters , 1979 )
in no circumstances can a debtor now be sent to prison for failing , no matter how deliberately , to pay a hotel bill or an account with a shop or a hire-purchase debt , yet the air has not been filled with the ululations of stricken credit traders unable to recover their money . ( lord mcgregor of durris , legal fiction and social reality : the case of [work] defaulters , 1979 )

Prior to this , the maintenance of law and order had been the concern of the wakeman , the chief of a body of aldermen , who were the appointed guardians of the people 's rights and custodians of secular property .
prior to this , the [work] of law and order had been the concern of the wakeman , the chief of a body of aldermen , who were the appointed guardians of the people 's rights and custodians of secular property .

The report estimates that most universities need maintenance costing several million pounds , and it seems unlikely that this money will be forthcoming .
the report estimates that most universities need [work] costing several million pounds , and it seems unlikely that this money will be forthcoming .

Jeremy settles Kate on a rattan sofa with a whisky , flicks on the stereo and then sits down himself at the other end of the sofa , making sure that she notices his careful maintenance of physical space between them .
jeremy settles kate on a rattan sofa with a whisky , flicks on the stereo and then sits down himself at the other end of the sofa , making sure that she notices his careful [work] of physical space between them .

The report , entitled Assessment of Constraints on Space Shuttle Launch Rates , also notes that additions to the maintenance system and equipment will be needed to bring down ‘ turnaround ’ time — the period from landing to readiness for the next flight .
the report , entitled assessment of constraints on space shuttle launch rates , also notes that additions to the [work] system and equipment will be needed to bring down ‘ turnaround ’ time — the period from landing to readiness for the next flight .

This approach , which requires special sales and maintenance centres , is obsolescent now that computers are becoming a consumer item .
this approach , which requires special sales and [work] centres , is obsolescent now that computers are becoming a consumer item .

Until recently , most government handpump schemes had next to no provision for maintenance .
until recently , most government handpump schemes had next to no provision for [work] .

In any case , with most handpump maintenance , workers need a rig to lift the pump head off its base .
in any case , with most handpump [work] , workers need a rig to lift the pump head off its base .

And travelling maintenance crews may not turn up from one year to the next because of the immense areas they have to cover .
and travelling [work] crews may not turn up from one year to the next because of the immense areas they have to cover .

Regular clearance is crucial , but allocations of aid and government budgets rarely take the cost of maintenance into account .
regular clearance is crucial , but allocations of aid and government budgets rarely take the cost of [work] into account .

In most shallow wells the pumping mechanism sits at the well head ( which allows easy maintenance ) , and water is ‘ sucked up ’ through a rising main .
in most shallow wells the pumping mechanism sits at the well head ( which allows easy [work] ) , and water is ‘ sucked up ’ through a rising main .

The testers hope to develop from these best-sellers a near-ideal ‘ village level operation and maintenance ’ pump — which decade followers have long dreamed of .
the testers hope to develop from these best-sellers a near-ideal ‘ village level operation and [work] ’ pump — which decade followers have long dreamed of .

Project manager Francis Msonthi , a geology graduate with just two year ' experience , is therefore in charge not only of drilling rigs , well-digging teams and maintenance workers , but also travels around the district discussing the department 's plans for water supply .
project manager francis msonthi , a geology graduate with just two year ' experience , is therefore in charge not only of drilling rigs , well-digging teams and [work] workers , but also travels around the district discussing the department 's plans for water supply .

More important for maintenance , however , is that there is no need for a winch to lift the pump head off its foundations .
more important for [work] , however , is that there is no need for a winch to lift the pump head off its foundations .

Leobert de Boer has rectified this deficiency , following a workshop in Rotterdam in October 1979 , by editing a volume comprising eight chapters on biochemistry and physiology , five on maintenance and behaviour in captivity and four on ecology , behaviour and conservation in the wild .
leobert de boer has rectified this deficiency , following a workshop in rotterdam in october 1979 , by editing a volume comprising eight chapters on biochemistry and physiology , five on [work] and behaviour in captivity and four on ecology , behaviour and conservation in the wild .

The decay of Britain 's roads has been reflected in a sharp increase in central government 's spending on road maintenance .
the decay of britain 's roads has been reflected in a sharp increase in central government 's spending on road [work] .

Road maintenance now takes a quarter of the roads ' budget , compared with roughly 10 per cent as recently as the middle 1970s .
road [work] now takes a quarter of the roads ' budget , compared with roughly 10 per cent as recently as the middle 1970s .

The need for properly enforceable means of control over the supervision and maintenance of reservoirs becomes increasingly urgent .
the need for properly enforceable means of control over the supervision and [work] of reservoirs becomes increasingly urgent .

He said that this ‘ duo bus ’ needs an extra 173 hours a year for maintenance compared with a trolleybus , a diesel bus or any other bus .
he said that this ‘ duo bus ’ needs an extra 173 hours a year for [work] compared with a trolleybus , a diesel bus or any other bus .

The batteries are still too heavy , require too much maintenance and are too inefficient and expensive for general introduction into public transportation .
the batteries are still too heavy , require too much [work] and are too inefficient and expensive for general introduction into public transportation .

Far too many reclaimed sites , far from being well manicured , still present problems of their maintenance in a condition that enables them to be utilised and enjoyed .
far too many reclaimed sites , far from being well manicured , still present problems of their [work] in a condition that enables them to be utilised and enjoyed .

This policy has many advantages : It makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; Thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; Construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-MWe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; And finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces maintenance problems .
this policy has many advantages : it makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-mwe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; and finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces [work] problems .

In Holland , where carp have been introduced into land drainage systems , the fish have reduced the cost of maintenance by up to 40 per cent .
in holland , where carp have been introduced into land drainage systems , the fish have reduced the cost of [work] by up to 40 per cent .

So the maintenance costs are incurred on the vehicle itself , and not the track .
so the [work] costs are incurred on the vehicle itself , and not the track .

Gasifiers require considerable technical skills for operation and maintenance .
gasifiers require considerable technical skills for operation and [work] .

The technology , simple in principle , is not a typical Third World village technology because , for successful deployment , it requires technically sophisticated operators as well as repair and maintenance technicians .
the technology , simple in principle , is not a typical third world village technology because , for successful deployment , it requires technically sophisticated operators as well as repair and [work] technicians .

But the all-party transport committee of the House of Commons said , in a report on road maintenance , that the cuts should be reversed .
but the all-party transport committee of the house of commons said , in a report on road [work] , that the cuts should be reversed .

The Department of Transport should ‘ take immediate steps to speed up the rate of progress of road maintenance research , ’ the MPs said .
the department of transport should ‘ take immediate steps to speed up the rate of progress of road [work] research , ’ the mps said .

Members of the project carry out their own maintenance , as few sites would survive long if handed over to the local authority .
members of the project carry out their own [work] , as few sites would survive long if handed over to the local authority .

Eventually Nature becomes the designer , and the maintenance required is that sufficient to ensure that the sites remain acceptable to the public .
eventually nature becomes the designer , and the [work] required is that sufficient to ensure that the sites remain acceptable to the public .

It exhorts the motorist to keep his car in good shape by regular maintenance and such .
it exhorts the motorist to keep his car in good shape by regular [work] and such .

Japan 's Industrial Robots Association thinks that demand for inspection and maintenance robots in the country 's nuclear industry will grow to £53–25 million in 1985 .
japan 's industrial robots association thinks that demand for inspection and [work] robots in the country 's nuclear industry will grow to £53–25 million in 1985 .

One estimate puts the cost of planting a 15-metre wide belt of trees on both sides of the road and initial maintenance at £15000/km .
one estimate puts the cost of planting a 15-metre wide belt of trees on both sides of the road and initial [work] at £15000/km .

It does not need a gearbox , and it needs little maintenance .
it does not need a gearbox , and it needs little [work] .

That mechanism is an enzyme known as a maintenance methylase , and it is the activities of the methylase that chemical carcinogens disrupt ( Cell , vol 32 , p 239 ) .
that mechanism is an enzyme known as a [work] methylase , and it is the activities of the methylase that chemical carcinogens disrupt ( cell , vol 32 , p 239 ) .

Maintenance men could tell whether a pole — wooden or concrete — is dangerously cracked before shinning up it .
[work] men could tell whether a pole — wooden or concrete — is dangerously cracked before shinning up it .

The savings come from less absenteeism , lower insurance costs , more productivity , fewer deaths ( Weis calls this ‘ much lower rates of worker mortality ’ ) , not so much deterioration in furniture , carpets and so on , including office machines , less maintenance and less spent on air-conditioning and heating .
the savings come from less absenteeism , lower insurance costs , more productivity , fewer deaths ( weis calls this ‘ much lower rates of worker mortality ’ ) , not so much deterioration in furniture , carpets and so on , including office machines , less [work] and less spent on air-conditioning and heating .

With a little maintenance , these houses stand for decades .
with a little [work] , these houses stand for decades .

Such a device would become radioactive because of those neutrons and Intor would also have to demonstrate the practicability of maintenance by remote control .
such a device would become radioactive because of those neutrons and intor would also have to demonstrate the practicability of [work] by remote control .

We hoped that the gene bank might ultimately contain 500 collections , and we knew that maintenance would become a problem sooner or later .
we hoped that the gene bank might ultimately contain 500 collections , and we knew that [work] would become a problem sooner or later .

The remaining third covered anything from thermal insulation and heating through to fire safety and maintenance problems .
the remaining third covered anything from thermal insulation and heating through to fire safety and [work] problems .

This lack of expertise sometimes seems to apply also to the maintenance and storage of equipment , a very essential part of the material context for curriculum development .
this lack of expertise sometimes seems to apply also to the [work] and storage of equipment , a very essential part of the material context for curriculum development .

Foremost of these was the maintenance and strengthening of a sense of national unity with its implications for language and the content of history and geography syllabuses .
foremost of these was the [work] and strengthening of a sense of national unity with its implications for language and the content of history and geography syllabuses .

Yet while the maintenance of a degree of competence in two languages is both possible and desirable , it can only conceivably be achieved following a reassessment of present curricular priorities , a recasting of a great deal of current material in school , and a new emphasis on teacher training .
yet while the [work] of a degree of competence in two languages is both possible and desirable , it can only conceivably be achieved following a reassessment of present curricular priorities , a recasting of a great deal of current material in school , and a new emphasis on teacher training .

Social networks within the estates furnish mutual aid such as babysitting , the companies look after the structural maintenance of the houses , and most residents have common ideas about what counts as enjoyable socialising which are not shared by Shetlanders ; for instance , it was often pointed out by incomers that dinner parties are a novelty to all Shetlanders except young professionals .
social networks within the estates furnish mutual aid such as babysitting , the companies look after the structural [work] of the houses , and most residents have common ideas about what counts as enjoyable socialising which are not shared by shetlanders ; for instance , it was often pointed out by incomers that dinner parties are a novelty to all shetlanders except young professionals .

The judicial institutions of Europe were governed by a series of contradictions , Jurisdiction and administration were regarded as essentially one process , and the court in which they were carried out was the central institution of any monarchy or principality : the maintenance of justice and law was in many people 's eyes the king 's supreme function .
the judicial institutions of europe were governed by a series of contradictions , jurisdiction and administration were regarded as essentially one process , and the court in which they were carried out was the central institution of any monarchy or principality : the [work] of justice and law was in many people 's eyes the king 's supreme function .

In both cases this means training for most of the staff , from porters and maintenance staff to librarians .
in both cases this means training for most of the staff , from porters and [work] staff to librarians .

In addition there are two cross-overs in mid-Channel to allow partial closure of the tunnel for maintenance purposes .
in addition there are two cross-overs in mid-channel to allow partial closure of the tunnel for [work] purposes .

Specific safety features include the provision of a separate running tunnel for trains travelling in each direction ; up-to-date signalling and control system sand in-cab communication with drivers ; the maintenance of the service tunnel at a higher air pressure than the running tunnels to exclude smoke and fumes and event of fire ; locomotives at both ends of the train to exclude smoke and fumes in the event of fire ; locomotives at both ends of trains to reduce the risk of total breakdown ; and the use of ‘ non-fire-propagating ’ and ‘ minimum smoke ’ materials wherever practicable .
specific safety features include the provision of a separate running tunnel for trains travelling in each direction ; up-to-date signalling and control system sand in-cab communication with drivers ; the [work] of the service tunnel at a higher air pressure than the running tunnels to exclude smoke and fumes and event of fire ; locomotives at both ends of the train to exclude smoke and fumes in the event of fire ; locomotives at both ends of trains to reduce the risk of total breakdown ; and the use of ‘ non-fire-propagating ’ and ‘ minimum smoke ’ materials wherever practicable .

Not a very supportive viewpoint ; but worse was to come , for having defined maintenance , and little else , as the province of the building surveyor , the Committee went on to observe that their ‘ apparent failure ’ caused the Committee ‘ lingering concern for their lack of identity … ’ and that ‘ until they can establish what their discipline is ( as opposed to the rather disparate activities with which they are associated ) they may find it difficult to develop their full potential .
not a very supportive viewpoint ; but worse was to come , for having defined [work] , and little else , as the province of the building surveyor , the committee went on to observe that their ‘ apparent failure ’ caused the committee ‘ lingering concern for their lack of identity … ’ and that ‘ until they can establish what their discipline is ( as opposed to the rather disparate activities with which they are associated ) they may find it difficult to develop their full potential .

Whilst the maintenance of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .
whilst the [work] of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .

Thus the cost centre for premises might include rent , rates , insurance , security , heat and lighting costs and maintenance , all under the control of the partnership secretary .
thus the cost centre for premises might include rent , rates , insurance , security , heat and lighting costs and [work] , all under the control of the partnership secretary .

Finally , by far the most important of the planning tools for any concerned with repair , maintenance and alterations of buildings are Listed Buildings .
finally , by far the most important of the planning tools for any concerned with repair , [work] and alterations of buildings are listed buildings .

maintenance ) of the capitalist class and the working class , and thus the reproduction of the capitalist character of the entire process of production .
[work] ) of the capitalist class and the working class , and thus the reproduction of the capitalist character of the entire process of production .

The system can pinpoint individuals if fuel bills and maintenance charges fall outside the average for their type of car .
the system can pinpoint individuals if fuel bills and [work] charges fall outside the average for their type of car .

While we 're delighted to hear of Mr Pearce 's ‘ hands-off ’ philosophy to maintenance , we would strongly recommend that Ford owners have their vehicles serviced at a Ford dealer in accordance with the scheduled service intervals .
while we 're delighted to hear of mr pearce 's ‘ hands-off ’ philosophy to [work] , we would strongly recommend that ford owners have their vehicles serviced at a ford dealer in accordance with the scheduled service intervals .

‘ It has no lampposts , roads or markings , maintenance of any highway controls at all . ’
‘ it has no lampposts , roads or markings , [work] of any highway controls at all . ’

Council to contest the cost of churchyard maintenance
council to contest the cost of churchyard [work]

Windmill Fields and the Lymington Bottom triangle had been definitely listed as open space , and once landscaping work has been done both these areas will be handed over to the parish council for maintenance .
windmill fields and the lymington bottom triangle had been definitely listed as open space , and once landscaping work has been done both these areas will be handed over to the parish council for [work] .

The tennis courts at Arlebury Park are to be resurfaced shortly , and the football pitches at both Arlebury and Stratton Bates continue to be well used and are an ongoing maintenance expense .
the tennis courts at arlebury park are to be resurfaced shortly , and the football pitches at both arlebury and stratton bates continue to be well used and are an ongoing [work] expense .

british Waterways have a large maintenance yard adjacent with an unusually large number of boats present .
british waterways have a large [work] yard adjacent with an unusually large number of boats present .

As such , a great deal of help is required with security , car parking , course maintenance and , particularly , judging .
as such , a great deal of help is required with security , car parking , course [work] and , particularly , judging .

That is a far off mystic goal , perhaps , but let us at least attempt to stretch our minds , looking briefly at just a few of these cycles , and of the indispensable parts they have to play in the maintenance of planetary life .
that is a far off mystic goal , perhaps , but let us at least attempt to stretch our minds , looking briefly at just a few of these cycles , and of the indispensable parts they have to play in the [work] of planetary life .

Despite the arduous conditions , the men are committed to getting the job done ; they will clean up sites at the end of each shift to give the incoming team a flying start , and shifts often work on into changeover and maintenance time .
despite the arduous conditions , the men are committed to getting the job done ; they will clean up sites at the end of each shift to give the incoming team a flying start , and shifts often work on into changeover and [work] time .

One great challenge in producing new dental materials is the achievement and maintenance of adhesion of these biomaterials to vital tissues .
one great challenge in producing new dental materials is the achievement and [work] of adhesion of these biomaterials to vital tissues .

Functional and compositional asymmetry is a characteristic of all membranes , and membrane proteins show asymmetry in their homeostatic maintenance of the cytoplasm .
functional and compositional asymmetry is a characteristic of all membranes , and membrane proteins show asymmetry in their homeostatic [work] of the cytoplasm .

The section on hardware hazards , instrumentation , reliability of process equipment , maintenance , commissioning , permits to work , training , management of safety etc , covers topics that are not adequately dealt with elsewhere and the author shows that this is where his expertise lies .
the section on hardware hazards , instrumentation , reliability of process equipment , [work] , commissioning , permits to work , training , management of safety etc , covers topics that are not adequately dealt with elsewhere and the author shows that this is where his expertise lies .

If it is found to be impossible to reconcile such differences then the public interest and the maintenance of professional standards must be the primary considerations .
if it is found to be impossible to reconcile such differences then the public interest and the [work] of professional standards must be the primary considerations .

If it is found to be impossible to reconcile such differences then the public interest and the maintenance of professional standards must be the primary consideration .
if it is found to be impossible to reconcile such differences then the public interest and the [work] of professional standards must be the primary consideration .

These awards cover the payment of tuition fees only and do not provide a maintenance grant .
these awards cover the payment of tuition fees only and do not provide a [work] grant .

Central audio-visual loan , support and maintenance centre .
central audio-visual loan , support and [work] centre .

The clinical teacher is involved not only in the education of the learner and the care of the patient , but also in the maintenance of good relationships and communication between the ward and the school of nursing .
the clinical teacher is involved not only in the education of the learner and the care of the patient , but also in the [work] of good relationships and communication between the ward and the school of nursing .

In many teaching establishments , a media resources officer is available to give advice on equipment , materials , maintenance of equipment and production of visual and audio aids .
in many teaching establishments , a media resources officer is available to give advice on equipment , materials , [work] of equipment and production of visual and audio aids .

Not all schools of nursing are so well equipped or staffed as to afford a media officer , and responsibility for the care and maintenance of equipment is delegated to teaching staff .
not all schools of nursing are so well equipped or staffed as to afford a media officer , and responsibility for the care and [work] of equipment is delegated to teaching staff .

Avoid glare on the board — shiny surfaces can be prevented by careful blackboard maintenance .
avoid glare on the board — shiny surfaces can be prevented by careful blackboard [work] .

Central audio-visual loan , support and maintenance centre .
central audio-visual loan , support and [work] centre .

Grants for maintenance in any form are not available under the scheme and students should apply to the appropriate grant awarding body in their own country for such support .
grants for [work] in any form are not available under the scheme and students should apply to the appropriate grant awarding body in their own country for such support .

There is also possible loss of all forms of maintenance once the children have grown up , and no legal entitlement to the family home when they have finished full time education .
there is also possible loss of all forms of [work] once the children have grown up , and no legal entitlement to the family home when they have finished full time education .

These days women try all sorts of classes , from plumbing and electrical repairs to car maintenance .
these days women try all sorts of classes , from plumbing and electrical repairs to car [work] .

In some cases , it 's possible for the scheme trustees to split the widow 's pension between both wives , if the man was paying maintenance to his ex-wife ; but the pension is often not big enough to make this worthwhile .
in some cases , it 's possible for the scheme trustees to split the widow 's pension between both wives , if the man was paying [work] to his ex-wife ; but the pension is often not big enough to make this worthwhile .

— The movement and maintenance of troops , equipment , weapons and food around the battle zone .
— the movement and [work] of troops , equipment , weapons and food around the battle zone .

Maintenance Man
[work] man

to try and get by Without my maintenance
to try and get by without my [work]

need For my maintenance man .
need for my [work] man .

Maintenance expense often overlooked by data-base designers
[work] expense often overlooked by data-base designers

Education must , at all costs , eschew all tendencies or even appearances of a commitment to the maintenance and reproduction of the unjust social order and undemocratic value system to the overthrow of which we sacrificed so much in the struggle .
education must , at all costs , eschew all tendencies or even appearances of a commitment to the [work] and reproduction of the unjust social order and undemocratic value system to the overthrow of which we sacrificed so much in the struggle .

For these schools , the government pays for maintenance , teachers ' salaries and equipment .
for these schools , the government pays for [work] , teachers ' salaries and equipment .

Parents continue to send children to school , even where physical conditions are very poor because of lack of maintenance .
parents continue to send children to school , even where physical conditions are very poor because of lack of [work] .

In the survey already mentioned , more than half the parents questioned appeared willing to provide funds for school needs , materials and maintenance .
in the survey already mentioned , more than half the parents questioned appeared willing to provide funds for school needs , materials and [work] .

In recent months , the physical condition of equipment and buildings has deteriorated alarmingly , due to lack of maintenance , and due also to the lack of basic expenditure on light , water , security guards , chalk , stationery , publications and books … In both central and regional offices staff members who provide technical and administrative support to educational centres are semi-paralysed in their work by lack of transport , of travel allowances , petrol and educational materials .
in recent months , the physical condition of equipment and buildings has deteriorated alarmingly , due to lack of [work] , and due also to the lack of basic expenditure on light , water , security guards , chalk , stationery , publications and books … in both central and regional offices staff members who provide technical and administrative support to educational centres are semi-paralysed in their work by lack of transport , of travel allowances , petrol and educational materials .

Combined with shortages of books and equipment and the poor state of maintenance of many schools , the situation for teachers , especially those posted to rural areas , can be discouraging .
combined with shortages of books and equipment and the poor state of [work] of many schools , the situation for teachers , especially those posted to rural areas , can be discouraging .

Educational quality has also suffered because war costs and related economic decline have forced cuts in books– equipment , furniture , writing materials and maintenance of buildings .
educational quality has also suffered because war costs and related economic decline have forced cuts in books– equipment , furniture , writing materials and [work] of buildings .

It also meant a 29 per cent cut in textbooks , and severe cuts in materials , supplies and maintenance as well as a reduction of training workshops for teachers .
it also meant a 29 per cent cut in textbooks , and severe cuts in materials , supplies and [work] as well as a reduction of training workshops for teachers .

In practice , this meant the maintenance of separate and unequal schools giving whites and blacks two different types of education , with great differences in quality and access .
in practice , this meant the [work] of separate and unequal schools giving whites and blacks two different types of education , with great differences in quality and access .

At the lighthouse , the keepers and contract workmen were taking the opportunity of the weather to carry out painting and maintenance work .
at the lighthouse , the keepers and contract workmen were taking the opportunity of the weather to carry out painting and [work] work .

The first is that the land around the Arnish site was owned by the Stornoway Trust , an elected body who received an undertaking from the subsidiary of Olsen Shipping when they took over the site , that only essential maintenance would be carried out on Sundays .
the first is that the land around the arnish site was owned by the stornoway trust , an elected body who received an undertaking from the subsidiary of olsen shipping when they took over the site , that only essential [work] would be carried out on sundays .

Moral rules are foundational in the sense that they are concerned with the maintenance of , for instance , trust , mutual help and justice in human relationships .
moral rules are foundational in the sense that they are concerned with the [work] of , for instance , trust , mutual help and justice in human relationships .

However , new colonists in Gran Pajonal are employing a fallow period of only 7 years , which is likely to cause long-term nutrient depletion so that maintenance of crop productivity will only be possible with the addition of artificial fertilisers .
however , new colonists in gran pajonal are employing a fallow period of only 7 years , which is likely to cause long-term nutrient depletion so that [work] of crop productivity will only be possible with the addition of artificial fertilisers .

The maintenance of at least a partial tree cover is particularly advantageous because it guarantees a supply of nutrients via litter fall , as well as affording protection against soil erosion .
the [work] of at least a partial tree cover is particularly advantageous because it guarantees a supply of nutrients via litter fall , as well as affording protection against soil erosion .

The maintenance of a partial tree cover is also to be encouraged in order to provide extra forage and a protective soil cover which helps combat desertification .
the [work] of a partial tree cover is also to be encouraged in order to provide extra forage and a protective soil cover which helps combat desertification .

Undoubtedly landslips occur , exacerbating soil erosion as the protective vegetation cover is impaired , but the extent of slope failure is due to climatic conditions , especially rainfall intensity , and the degree of terrace maintenance .
undoubtedly landslips occur , exacerbating soil erosion as the protective vegetation cover is impaired , but the extent of slope failure is due to climatic conditions , especially rainfall intensity , and the degree of terrace [work] .

The maintenance ( or planting ) of a partial tree cover will help to conserve the soil resource by maintaining the organic components via litter supply ; soil cohesiveness will thus be improved which , together with the wind- and water-break effect of trees , will reduce soil erosion .
the [work] ( or planting ) of a partial tree cover will help to conserve the soil resource by maintaining the organic components via litter supply ; soil cohesiveness will thus be improved which , together with the wind- and water-break effect of trees , will reduce soil erosion .

Once again the maintenance of diversity is a key to success .
once again the [work] of diversity is a key to success .

According to press reports , which were lurid in the extreme , Fleck had failed to pay his wife maintenance money totalling nearly £4,000 .
according to press reports , which were lurid in the extreme , fleck had failed to pay his wife [work] money totalling nearly £4,000 .

Fleck 's financial crisis did not end with maintenance .
fleck 's financial crisis did not end with [work] .

Without question , babies are totally dependent on others for the maintenance of a safe environment and require to be protected from accidents , fire , infection and pollution .
without question , babies are totally dependent on others for the [work] of a safe environment and require to be protected from accidents , fire , infection and pollution .

For example , a substantial proportion of the road tax levied on vehicle owners goes towards paying for road maintenance and improvements .
for example , a substantial proportion of the road tax levied on vehicle owners goes towards paying for road [work] and improvements .

For one thing , the textile industry ’ s machine operations involve a large number of distinct job classifications defined by the technology and production process ; they fall within a narrow range of compensation , with the classifications of loom fixers , weavers , maintenance electricians , and machinists above that range .
for one thing , the textile industry ’ s machine operations involve a large number of distinct job classifications defined by the technology and production process ; they fall within a narrow range of compensation , with the classifications of loom fixers , weavers , [work] electricians , and machinists above that range .

The maintenance of a family altar and reciting the rosary every day , lighting votive candles , blessing the children every night , the blessing of homes and yards , and making promises , mandas , to particular saints are all folk practices passed on from generation to generation .
the [work] of a family altar and reciting the rosary every day , lighting votive candles , blessing the children every night , the blessing of homes and yards , and making promises , mandas , to particular saints are all folk practices passed on from generation to generation .

Family knowledge and use of remedios may involve the preparation of teas , salves , ointments , and the use of herbs for basic health maintenance .
family knowledge and use of remedios may involve the preparation of teas , salves , ointments , and the use of herbs for basic health [work] .

Maintenance is a mammoth task , and it is said that painters work constantly on the structure , completing one end and immediately starting again at the other .
[work] is a mammoth task , and it is said that painters work constantly on the structure , completing one end and immediately starting again at the other .

The interior is a heady mix of Crusader and Byzantine styles , and because of inter-denominational bickering , false partitions , and poor maintenance it is difficult to understand without a guide .
the interior is a heady mix of crusader and byzantine styles , and because of inter-denominational bickering , false partitions , and poor [work] it is difficult to understand without a guide .

Neither reform nor the maintenance of order seemed possible .
neither reform nor the [work] of order seemed possible .

The bridge requires continual maintenance because storms , hurricanes , high winds , and heavy seas take a constant toll ; in turbulent weather the Atlantic rises in great waves pushing towards the still , calm Caribbean .
the bridge requires continual [work] because storms , hurricanes , high winds , and heavy seas take a constant toll ; in turbulent weather the atlantic rises in great waves pushing towards the still , calm caribbean .

Issues in civil cases include family matters , housing and employment cases , consumer protection , public benefits and income maintenance .
issues in civil cases include family matters , housing and employment cases , consumer protection , public benefits and income [work] .

Alpaugh Irrigation , which provides water , recordkeeping and maintenance services to Tulare County Water Works , is scaling back its role .
alpaugh irrigation , which provides water , recordkeeping and [work] services to tulare county water works , is scaling back its role .

Herman Diesenhaus added that there must be some type of maintenance activity if we are dealing with a chronic , relapsing condition .
herman diesenhaus added that there must be some type of [work] activity if we are dealing with a chronic , relapsing condition .

The research questions are how to determine which patients need maintenance activities , what types of activities they need , and when or how often they are needed .
the research questions are how to determine which patients need [work] activities , what types of activities they need , and when or how often they are needed .

Maintenance of effect might be possible with yearly consultations .
[work] of effect might be possible with yearly consultations .

She wondered what factors influenced maintenance .
she wondered what factors influenced [work] .

Serve current and future publics : Ensure the National Environmental Policy Act and environmental analyses are sufficient to sustain program decisions ; reduce threats to public health , safety , and property by completing deferred maintenance projects ; continue action on energy and mineral leases , permits , and claims ; implement BLM 's wild horse and burro national strategy in accordance with program directives ; and improve land , resource , and title information by participating in the development and implementation of bureauwide data standards .
serve current and future publics : ensure the national environmental policy act and environmental analyses are sufficient to sustain program decisions ; reduce threats to public health , safety , and property by completing deferred [work] projects ; continue action on energy and mineral leases , permits , and claims ; implement blm 's wild horse and burro national strategy in accordance with program directives ; and improve land , resource , and title information by participating in the development and implementation of bureauwide data standards .

Since these factors apply to a number of government programs that collectively disburse billions of dollars , there is clearly a need for federal agencies to be ever more vigilant in the design , implementation , and maintenance of proper controls for safeguarding assets and preventing and detecting fraud and errors .
since these factors apply to a number of government programs that collectively disburse billions of dollars , there is clearly a need for federal agencies to be ever more vigilant in the design , implementation , and [work] of proper controls for safeguarding assets and preventing and detecting fraud and errors .

For example , members of the FAA Logistics Center 's integrated product teams were accountable for all aspects of the Center 's products , including maintenance , repair , storage , and shipping .
for example , members of the faa logistics center 's integrated product teams were accountable for all aspects of the center 's products , including [work] , repair , storage , and shipping .

User fees , Harbor Maintenance trust fund .
user fees , harbor [work] trust fund .

The receipt is earmarked to the Harbor Maintenance trust fund .
the receipt is earmarked to the harbor [work] trust fund .

It therefore should be recognized as nonexchange revenue by the Harbor Maintenance trust fund .
it therefore should be recognized as nonexchange revenue by the harbor [work] trust fund .

However , the Federal Government should be able to demonstrate accountability for stewardship PP & E by reporting on its existence and on its condition by a reference to deferred maintenance reported in the financial statements .
however , the federal government should be able to demonstrate accountability for stewardship pp & e by reporting on its existence and on its condition by a reference to deferred [work] reported in the financial statements .

Reporting Deferred Maintenance .
reporting deferred [work] .

Many state and local governments , members of Congressional oversight committees , and national groups , have raised the issue of the deteriorating condition of federally-owned PP & E because of deferred maintenance associated with these assets .
many state and local governments , members of congressional oversight committees , and national groups , have raised the issue of the deteriorating condition of federally-owned pp & e because of deferred [work] associated with these assets .

As a result , a deferred maintenance standard in Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
as a result , a deferred [work] standard in accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

The deferred maintenance standard is applicable to all PP & E whether the PP & E is reported as general PP & E or stewardship PP & E .
the deferred [work] standard is applicable to all pp & e whether the pp & e is reported as general pp & e or stewardship pp & e .

For guidance relating to deferred maintenance reporting , see the Deferred Maintenance standard in Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
for guidance relating to deferred [work] reporting , see the deferred [work] standard in accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

For guidance on deferred maintenance reporting , see SFFAS No .
for guidance on deferred [work] reporting , see sffas no .

For guidance on deferred maintenance reporting , see the Deferred Maintenance standard Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , SFFAS No .
for guidance on deferred [work] reporting , see the deferred [work] standard accounting for property , plant , and equipment , sffas no .

Grants for maintenance and operations are not considered investments .
grants for [work] and operations are not considered investments .

During the period , maintenance expense is recognized as incurred .
during the period , [work] expense is recognized as incurred .

However , certain maintenance was deferred over the past several years .
however , certain [work] was deferred over the past several years .

Below is information on deferred maintenance on stewardship assets .
below is information on deferred [work] on stewardship assets .

Summary of Deferred Maintenance as of September 30 , 199Z ( in Millions of Dollars ) :
summary of deferred [work] as of september 30 , 199z ( in millions of dollars ) :

In some cases , however , scheduled maintenance has been deferred .
in some cases , however , scheduled [work] has been deferred .

On the basis of engineering estimates , the estimated cost of deferred maintenance ranges from $ 200 to $ 300 million in 199Z and $ 175 to $ 275 million in 199Y .
on the basis of engineering estimates , the estimated cost of deferred [work] ranges from $ 200 to $ 300 million in 199z and $ 175 to $ 275 million in 199y .

Costs to complete critical maintenance , that is , maintenance that , if not performed , could lead to irreparable damage to the PP & E or to its unusability , range from $ 120 to $ 150 million .
costs to complete critical [work] , that is , [work] that , if not performed , could lead to irreparable damage to the pp & e or to its unusability , range from $ 120 to $ 150 million .

In some cases , however , scheduled maintenance has been deferred .
in some cases , however , scheduled [work] has been deferred .

Estimates of costs to complete critical maintenance range from $ 40 to $ 50 million .
estimates of costs to complete critical [work] range from $ 40 to $ 50 million .

On the basis of engineering estimates , the estimated cost of deferred maintenance ranges from $ 75 to $ 100 million in 199Z .
on the basis of engineering estimates , the estimated cost of deferred [work] ranges from $ 75 to $ 100 million in 199z .

The condition of a long-lived asset is affected by its durability , the quality of its design and construction , its use , the adequacy of maintenance that has been performed , and many other factors , including : accidents ( an unforeseen and unplanned or unexpected event or circumstance ) , catastrophes ( a tragic event ) , disasters ( a sudden calamitous event bringing great damage , loss , or destruction ) , and obsolescence .
the condition of a long-lived asset is affected by its durability , the quality of its design and construction , its use , the adequacy of [work] that has been performed , and many other factors , including : accidents ( an unforeseen and unplanned or unexpected event or circumstance ) , catastrophes ( a tragic event ) , disasters ( a sudden calamitous event bringing great damage , loss , or destruction ) , and obsolescence .

LIFE-CYCLE COSTING - An acquisition or procurement technique which considers operating , maintenance , and other costs in addition to the acquisition cost of assets .
life-cycle costing - an acquisition or procurement technique which considers operating , [work] , and other costs in addition to the acquisition cost of assets .

It includes preventive maintenance , normal repairs , replacement of parts and structural components , and other activities needed to preserve the asset so that it continues to provide acceptable services and achieves its expected life .
it includes preventive [work] , normal repairs , replacement of parts and structural components , and other activities needed to preserve the asset so that it continues to provide acceptable services and achieves its expected life .

Maintenance excludes activities aimed at expanding the capacity of an asset or otherwise upgrading it to serve needs different from , or significantly greater than , those originally intended .
[work] excludes activities aimed at expanding the capacity of an asset or otherwise upgrading it to serve needs different from , or significantly greater than , those originally intended .

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ' Civil Works Directorate 's Operation and Maintenance Program is responsible for the stewardship of dams , levees , and other parts of the water resources infrastructure constructed by the Corps .
the u.s. army corps of engineers ' civil works directorate 's operation and [work] program is responsible for the stewardship of dams , levees , and other parts of the water resources infrastructure constructed by the corps .

Operation and maintenance expenditures had become by fiscal year 1990 the single largest individual program item in the Corps ' budget .
operation and [work] expenditures had become by fiscal year 1990 the single largest individual program item in the corps ' budget .

In 1991 , faced with rising budget pressures , a growing project inventory , and the need to become more results-oriented , the Corps initiated a comprehensive review of its civil operation and maintenance program .
in 1991 , faced with rising budget pressures , a growing project inventory , and the need to become more results-oriented , the corps initiated a comprehensive review of its civil operation and [work] program .

The rule requires employers to establish and maintain a respiratory protection program and includes requirements for program administration ; worksite-specific procedures ; respirator selection ; employee training ; fit testing ; medical evaluation ; respirator use ; cleaning , maintenance , and repair ; and other provisions .
the rule requires employers to establish and maintain a respiratory protection program and includes requirements for program administration ; worksite-specific procedures ; respirator selection ; employee training ; fit testing ; medical evaluation ; respirator use ; cleaning , [work] , and repair ; and other provisions .

While EPA anticipates there will also be vehicle maintenance benefits , sufficient data was not available to quantify the benefits .
while epa anticipates there will also be vehicle [work] benefits , sufficient data was not available to quantify the benefits .

This entity had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under maintenance contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .
this entity had designed a payment system whereby the acquisition of certain goods and services made under [work] contracts and purchase orders would not require an invoice to generate a payment .

As a result , the F-22 is requiring significantly more maintenance actions than planned .
as a result , the f-22 is requiring significantly more [work] actions than planned .

In addition to design engineers , a crossfunctional team of stakeholders in the process included key suppliers , manufacturing representatives , and service and maintenance representatives .
in addition to design engineers , a crossfunctional team of stakeholders in the process included key suppliers , manufacturing representatives , and service and [work] representatives .

These tools are ( 1 ) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable , sustainable , and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and ( 2 ) product tests in operational conditions that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals .
these tools are ( 1 ) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable , sustainable , and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and ( 2 ) product tests in operational conditions that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of [work] for predictable intervals .

A key reliability requirement for the F-22 is mean time between maintenance , defined as the number of operating hours for the aircraft divided by the number of maintenance actions .
a key reliability requirement for the f-22 is mean time between [work] , defined as the number of operating hours for the aircraft divided by the number of [work] actions .

The reliability goal for the F-22 is a 3-hour mean time between maintenance .
the reliability goal for the f-22 is a 3-hour mean time between [work] .

The Air Force estimated that in late 2001 , when the F-22 entered limited production , it should have been able to demonstrate almost 2 flying hours between maintenance actions .
the air force estimated that in late 2001 , when the f-22 entered limited production , it should have been able to demonstrate almost 2 flying hours between [work] actions .

However , when it actually began limited production it could only fly an average of 0.44 hours between maintenance actions .
however , when it actually began limited production it could only fly an average of 0.44 hours between [work] actions .

In other words , the F-22 is requiring significantly more maintenance actions than planned .
in other words , the f-22 is requiring significantly more [work] actions than planned .

Once in production , programs will cut quantities to maintain funding or once fielded , they rely on the operations and maintenance budget to pay for reliability problems not solved in development .
once in production , programs will cut quantities to maintain funding or once fielded , they rely on the operations and [work] budget to pay for reliability problems not solved in development .

Additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) guidance , increased participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on OMB 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and maintenance and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .
additional funding in fiscal year 2002 is being requested for : mandatory pay and benefit costs resulting primarily from federal cost-of-living and locality pay adjustments , based on office of management and budget ( omb ) guidance , increased participation in the federal employees retirement system , and an increase in the estimated number of retirees -- $ 17,554,000 ; uncontrollable inflationary increases in transportation , lodging , postage , printing , supplies , contracts , and other essential mission support services , based on omb 's 2percent inflation index and other factors -- $ 1,565,000 ; and uncontrollable contract rate increases in building operations and [work] and information technology programs -- $ 1,453,000 .

In addition , we have some management information systems that are obsolete and incapable of interfacing within our network environment and a variety of software that needs to be upgraded to ensure continued vendor maintenance and support .
in addition , we have some management information systems that are obsolete and incapable of interfacing within our network environment and a variety of software that needs to be upgraded to ensure continued vendor [work] and support .

HUD reports that the interim rule will have only an indirect impact on family formation , maintenance , and general well-being and that such impact will be beneficial because it will assist mortgagors in maintaining ownership of their properties .
hud reports that the interim rule will have only an indirect impact on family formation , [work] , and general well-being and that such impact will be beneficial because it will assist mortgagors in maintaining ownership of their properties .

The analysis also estimates that society will benefit from the program in terms of longterm productivity , maintenance of the resource base , non-point source pollution damage reductions , and wildlife enhancements .
the analysis also estimates that society will benefit from the program in terms of longterm productivity , [work] of the resource base , non-point source pollution damage reductions , and wildlife enhancements .

The maintenance of objectivity and independence requires continuing assessment of relationships with the audited entities and public responsibility .
the [work] of objectivity and independence requires continuing assessment of relationships with the audited entities and public responsibility .

Doing so for all rules , they said , could overwhelm the agencies ' systems ; may be unnecessary for some relatively uncontroversial rules ; and may be a less effective use of the agency 's resources than more traditional methods ( e.g. , placing notices in trade publications or setting up a call center ) .9 They also said that , once established , agencies would have to be concerned about ongoing maintenance of some of these standardized systems to make sure that the information therein is timely , accurate , and complete .
doing so for all rules , they said , could overwhelm the agencies ' systems ; may be unnecessary for some relatively uncontroversial rules ; and may be a less effective use of the agency 's resources than more traditional methods ( e.g. , placing notices in trade publications or setting up a call center ) .9 they also said that , once established , agencies would have to be concerned about ongoing [work] of some of these standardized systems to make sure that the information therein is timely , accurate , and complete .

They include a wide range of diverse activities such as approvals , authorizations , verifications , reconciliations , performance reviews , Page 11 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Examples of Control Activities maintenance of security , and the creation and maintenance of related records which provide evidence of execution of these activities as well as appropriate documentation .
they include a wide range of diverse activities such as approvals , authorizations , verifications , reconciliations , performance reviews , page 11 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) examples of control activities [work] of security , and the creation and [work] of related records which provide evidence of execution of these activities as well as appropriate documentation .

This category includes entitywide security program planning , management , control over data center operations , system software acquisition and maintenance , access security , and application system development and maintenance .
this category includes entitywide security program planning , management , control over data center operations , system software acquisition and [work] , access security , and application system development and [work] .

The analysis shows that the combined costs of the air and water portions of the rule to be a capital cost of $ 1.393 billion , with operating and maintenance costs of $ 211 million and post- and pre-tax annualized costs of $ 229 million and $ 351 million , respectively .
the analysis shows that the combined costs of the air and water portions of the rule to be a capital cost of $ 1.393 billion , with operating and [work] costs of $ 211 million and post- and pre-tax annualized costs of $ 229 million and $ 351 million , respectively .

It is a cooperative association of 20 federal agencies with interests and responsibilities related to all aspects of facility design , acquisition , management , maintenance , and evaluation .
it is a cooperative association of 20 federal agencies with interests and responsibilities related to all aspects of facility design , acquisition , management , [work] , and evaluation .

Facility operation and maintenance plans are implemented , tested , and refined as appropriate .
facility operation and [work] plans are implemented , tested , and refined as appropriate .

Maintainability Does the facility design allow for easy and costeffective maintenance and repair over the useful life of the facility ?
maintainability does the facility design allow for easy and costeffective [work] and repair over the useful life of the facility ?

Identify the system life used as a basis for evaluating alternatives and determine whether it appears realistic in light of user needs , expected changes in the technology , expected availability of maintenance and other support , and the time needed to prepare subsequent acquisitions .
identify the system life used as a basis for evaluating alternatives and determine whether it appears realistic in light of user needs , expected changes in the technology , expected availability of [work] and other support , and the time needed to prepare subsequent acquisitions .

Training , documentation , and maintenance requirements should be fulfilled .
training , documentation , and [work] requirements should be fulfilled .

FIPS PUB 106-Guideline on Software Maintenance , June 15 , 1984 .
fips pub 106-guideline on software [work] , june 15 , 1984 .

Damages Page 92 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks Maintainability The ease with which maintenance of a functional unit can be performed in accordance with prescribed requirements .
damages page 92 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks maintainability the ease with which [work] of a functional unit can be performed in accordance with prescribed requirements .

This database serves both GAO and the agencies by helping them meet their record maintenance and monitoring responsibilities .
this database serves both gao and the agencies by helping them meet their record [work] and monitoring responsibilities .

Privacy Act of 1974 ( Public Law 93-579 ) ¬ The Privacy Act protects the privacy of individuals identified in information systems maintained by federal agencies by regulating the collection , maintenance , use , and dissemination of information by such agencies .
privacy act of 1974 ( public law 93-579 ) ¬ the privacy act protects the privacy of individuals identified in information systems maintained by federal agencies by regulating the collection , [work] , use , and dissemination of information by such agencies .

With respect to the Family Order , the preambles similarly state HUD 's determination that the rule does not have the potential for a significant impact on family formation , maintenance , and general well-being , and , thus , is not subject to review under the Order .
with respect to the family order , the preambles similarly state hud 's determination that the rule does not have the potential for a significant impact on family formation , [work] , and general well-being , and , thus , is not subject to review under the order .

The Corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to ensure both compliance with program rules and regulations , and the maintenance of high quality legal assistance to eligible clients .
the corporation continued to demonstrate its ability to ensure both compliance with program rules and regulations , and the [work] of high quality legal assistance to eligible clients .

Building state justice communities captures the concepts of partnership and shared responsibility that are involved , but may under-emphasize the ultimate goal to which the building of the community is directed -- the creation and maintenance of a system capable of providing equal justice for low-income people .
building state justice communities captures the concepts of partnership and shared responsibility that are involved , but may under-emphasize the ultimate goal to which the building of the community is directed -- the creation and [work] of a system capable of providing equal justice for low-income people .

As we proceeded with state planning activities , our national partners also introduced projects targeted to the same goals -- the creation in every state of a `` state justice community '' collaborating on the creation and maintenance of a civil legal assistance system fully responsive to the needs of low-income people .
as we proceeded with state planning activities , our national partners also introduced projects targeted to the same goals -- the creation in every state of a `` state justice community '' collaborating on the creation and [work] of a civil legal assistance system fully responsive to the needs of low-income people .

The seven issue areas are Consumer , Housing , Family , Income Maintenance & Health , Education , Immigration , and Disability .
the seven issue areas are consumer , housing , family , income [work] & health , education , immigration , and disability .

Although reconfigration of the LSC-funded programs has not been a priority issue , LSC has asked the Oregon planners to examine whether maintenance of three separate organizations continues to make sense .
although reconfigration of the lsc-funded programs has not been a priority issue , lsc has asked the oregon planners to examine whether [work] of three separate organizations continues to make sense .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and [work] of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?

QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 INTRODUCTION 4.1.1 Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( QA ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOP 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .
quality assurance 4.1 introduction 4.1.1 development and [work] of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( qa ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sop 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .

The costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .
the costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and [work] costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .

Changes in Electric Generation Expenditures Given the assumptions and economic drivers in each of the scenarios , the AMIGA model calculates the capital investment , operation and maintenance , and fuel costs necessary to meet consumer demand for electricity .
changes in electric generation expenditures given the assumptions and economic drivers in each of the scenarios , the amiga model calculates the capital investment , operation and [work] , and fuel costs necessary to meet consumer demand for electricity .

These areas are subject to the new source program that applies in attainment and maintenance areas .
these areas are subject to the new source program that applies in attainment and [work] areas .

The other electric utility projects that boilermakers work on include such projects as routine maintenance at operating plants and new plant construction , which account for approximately 13,500,000 man-hours of boilermaker labor per year.30 Figure 6-3 compares the available boilermaker labor to the demand from the electric utility industry which includes the retrofits from the Clear Skies Act .
the other electric utility projects that boilermakers work on include such projects as routine [work] at operating plants and new plant construction , which account for approximately 13,500,000 man-hours of boilermaker labor per year.30 figure 6-3 compares the available boilermaker labor to the demand from the electric utility industry which includes the retrofits from the clear skies act .

Delivery Vehicle Cost Rural carriers furnish their own vehicles and provide all maintenance , repairs , and fuel , for which they are paid an allowance.18 In 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .
delivery vehicle cost rural carriers furnish their own vehicles and provide all [work] , repairs , and fuel , for which they are paid an allowance.18 in 1989 , rural carriers received an average of 34 cents per mile as a motor vehicle allowance .

Those city delivery carriers who make use of a vehicle are furnished with one by the Postal Service which also provides all maintenance , repairs , and fuel .
those city delivery carriers who make use of a vehicle are furnished with one by the postal service which also provides all [work] , repairs , and fuel .

Analyzing Postal Service accounts for depreciation , fuel , and maintenance for city delivery carriers , we have estimated the average city delivery vehicle cost per route.19 This is also shown in table 2 .
analyzing postal service accounts for depreciation , fuel , and [work] for city delivery carriers , we have estimated the average city delivery vehicle cost per route.19 this is also shown in table 2 .

If desired , having one carrier would allow the maintenance of the mailbox rule ( with , as discussed above , a reduction in competitive pressure ) , which in turn would be helpful in protecting the mail .
if desired , having one carrier would allow the [work] of the mailbox rule ( with , as discussed above , a reduction in competitive pressure ) , which in turn would be helpful in protecting the mail .

These other costs include systemwide labor related costs ( e.g. , worker 's compensation , civil service retirement unfunded liability ) , indirect labor such as carrier supervision , vehicle costs , and space related costs ( rents , fuel , utilities , custodial maintenance ) .
these other costs include systemwide labor related costs ( e.g. , worker 's compensation , civil service retirement unfunded liability ) , indirect labor such as carrier supervision , vehicle costs , and space related costs ( rents , fuel , utilities , custodial [work] ) .

In the early fruit fly embryo , it is known that a network involving cell-to-cell signaling via the Wingless ( Wg ) and Hedgehog ( Hh ) pathways specifies the formation and maintenance of alternating stripes of gene expression and cell identity .
in the early fruit fly embryo , it is known that a network involving cell-to-cell signaling via the wingless ( wg ) and hedgehog ( hh ) pathways specifies the formation and [work] of alternating stripes of gene expression and cell identity .

Well-studied examples include the promotion of fruit ripening by ethylene , regulation of the cell cycle by auxin and cytokinin , induction of seed germination and stem elongation by GA , and the maintenance of seed dormancy by ABA .
well-studied examples include the promotion of fruit ripening by ethylene , regulation of the cell cycle by auxin and cytokinin , induction of seed germination and stem elongation by ga , and the [work] of seed dormancy by aba .

The maintenance of glucose levels below 200 mg/dl has been shown to prevent bacterial infections and ischemic brain damage [ 3,8 ] .
the [work] of glucose levels below 200 mg/dl has been shown to prevent bacterial infections and ischemic brain damage [ 3,8 ] .

Ethical debates about the appropriate care and maintenance of biological relics often begin at the autopsy table .
ethical debates about the appropriate care and [work] of biological relics often begin at the autopsy table .

There is evidence that recycling of ubiquitin by the proteasome is indeed a crucial feature of deubiquitination in proper cellular maintenance ( Legget et al .
there is evidence that recycling of ubiquitin by the proteasome is indeed a crucial feature of deubiquitination in proper cellular [work] ( legget et al .

Sympatric maintenance of incompatibilities , of course , has profound implications for reinforcement , which requires these incompatibilities as the force driving divergence ( Noor et al .
sympatric [work] of incompatibilities , of course , has profound implications for reinforcement , which requires these incompatibilities as the force driving divergence ( noor et al .

Studies looking for reinforcement have also led to insights into the formation and maintenance of hybrid zones ( e.g. , Butlin 1998 ; Britch et al .
studies looking for reinforcement have also led to insights into the formation and [work] of hybrid zones ( e.g. , butlin 1998 ; britch et al .

Randomization and Study Design Forty-two eligible patients from the Jonathan Lax Immune Disorder Clinic in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , were randomized via sealed envelopes in a 1:1 fashion to a first phase ( phase I ) of either ( 1 ) three successive TIs of 2 , 4 , and 6 wk , respectively , or ( 2 ) maintenance of ART for 40 wk before a final interruption of therapy in both arms ( phase II ) subject to therapy reinitiation criteria as described below .
randomization and study design forty-two eligible patients from the jonathan lax immune disorder clinic in philadelphia , pennsylvania , were randomized via sealed envelopes in a 1:1 fashion to a first phase ( phase i ) of either ( 1 ) three successive tis of 2 , 4 , and 6 wk , respectively , or ( 2 ) [work] of art for 40 wk before a final interruption of therapy in both arms ( phase ii ) subject to therapy reinitiation criteria as described below .

Dynamics of Muscle Mass Maintenance of normal muscle mass requires some minimal level of ongoing work activity , and building and maintaining muscle mass is most effectively done through phasic contractions .
dynamics of muscle mass [work] of normal muscle mass requires some minimal level of ongoing work activity , and building and maintaining muscle mass is most effectively done through phasic contractions .

The data in this study may also be relevant to current efforts to develop a therapeutic AIDS vaccine designed to retard disease progression rather than prevent infection , since they suggest that durable maintenance of low-level viremia may be difficult to achieve .
the data in this study may also be relevant to current efforts to develop a therapeutic aids vaccine designed to retard disease progression rather than prevent infection , since they suggest that durable [work] of low-level viremia may be difficult to achieve .

This factor is specifically required for maintenance of all known prions within generations and probably is not involved in prion formation ( i.e. , initial protein aggregation ) .
this factor is specifically required for [work] of all known prions within generations and probably is not involved in prion formation ( i.e. , initial protein aggregation ) .

They noted that both prion proteins contain an oligopeptide repeat QGGYQ in close proximity to Q/N-rich sequences and examined the functional significance of the repeats for aggregation and maintenance of the prions .
they noted that both prion proteins contain an oligopeptide repeat qggyq in close proximity to q/n-rich sequences and examined the functional significance of the repeats for aggregation and [work] of the prions .

With Sup35 , the situation was somewhat more complicated , since repeats adjacent to Q/N-rich domain affected both protein aggregation and prion maintenance while more distant repeats affected only the prion inheritance .
with sup35 , the situation was somewhat more complicated , since repeats adjacent to q/n-rich domain affected both protein aggregation and prion [work] while more distant repeats affected only the prion inheritance .

In Nepal , weak linkages between urban and rural areas , and lack of roads , communications , infrastructure , and appropriate skills among the rural poor mean that this urban bias has led to centralization of effective power on the one hand and maintenance of the economic , social , and political status quo on the other [ 30 ] .
in nepal , weak linkages between urban and rural areas , and lack of roads , communications , infrastructure , and appropriate skills among the rural poor mean that this urban bias has led to centralization of effective power on the one hand and [work] of the economic , social , and political status quo on the other [ 30 ] .

Integrin-mediated interactions are vital to the maintenance of normal cell functioning because of their ability to mediate inside-out ( intracellular to extracellular ) and outside-in ( extracellular to intracellular ) signaling .
integrin-mediated interactions are vital to the [work] of normal cell functioning because of their ability to mediate inside-out ( intracellular to extracellular ) and outside-in ( extracellular to intracellular ) signaling .

Beyond that , the approach falls short with respect to the maintenance of institutional trustworthiness and protection of public trust .
beyond that , the approach falls short with respect to the [work] of institutional trustworthiness and protection of public trust .

The Smc ( structural maintenance of chromosomes ) proteins form intramolecular coiled coils that have been observed in the electron microscope to form a V shape with sides that are 50 nm long [ 9 ] .
the smc ( structural [work] of chromosomes ) proteins form intramolecular coiled coils that have been observed in the electron microscope to form a v shape with sides that are 50 nm long [ 9 ] .

Ndc10 forms part of a structure known as the kinetochore , which forms around the centromere and is responsible for the attachment to the spindle ; establishment and maintenance of cohesion at pericentric regions may therefore rely on both the centromere sequence and kinetochore function [ 13,20 ] .
ndc10 forms part of a structure known as the kinetochore , which forms around the centromere and is responsible for the attachment to the spindle ; establishment and [work] of cohesion at pericentric regions may therefore rely on both the centromere sequence and kinetochore function [ 13,20 ] .

Cohesion—It 's Just a Phase Cohesion can be divided into four phases that occur during the cell cycle ( Figure 2 ) : ( 1 ) deposition in G1 ( the gap in the cell cycle before S phase ) , ( 2 ) establishment in S phase , ( 3 ) maintenance in G2 ( the gap between S and mitosis ) , and ( 4 ) dissolution in mitosis .
cohesion—it 's just a phase cohesion can be divided into four phases that occur during the cell cycle ( figure 2 ) : ( 1 ) deposition in g1 ( the gap in the cell cycle before s phase ) , ( 2 ) establishment in s phase , ( 3 ) [work] in g2 ( the gap between s and mitosis ) , and ( 4 ) dissolution in mitosis .

Eco1 and Chl1 are required for establishing cohesion but not for maintenance [ 22,23,24 ] .
eco1 and chl1 are required for establishing cohesion but not for [work] [ 22,23,24 ] .

Future studies focusing on the differences between cohesion at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains and the link between cohesion and transcription will likely yield very interesting insights into the function of the cohesin complex in the maintenance of genome integrity .
future studies focusing on the differences between cohesion at chromosome arms versus pericentric domains and the link between cohesion and transcription will likely yield very interesting insights into the function of the cohesin complex in the [work] of genome integrity .

Entire generations have been decimated ( Box 1 ) ; the dearth of researchers at the postdoc level , has caused a gap in the teaching and maintenance of scientific traditions .
entire generations have been decimated ( box 1 ) ; the dearth of researchers at the postdoc level , has caused a gap in the teaching and [work] of scientific traditions .

When you support the Annual Campaign , your contribution affects every area Museum operations from grounds , building maintenance , and security to educational programs and touring exhibitions like Corot to Picasso .
when you support the annual campaign , your contribution affects every area museum operations from grounds , building [work] , and security to educational programs and touring exhibitions like corot to picasso .

These programs have provided many young people with a strong foundation for future museum experiences- Daily maintenance and upkeep of the museum 's property including ; grounds , gardens , nature paths , fountains , bridges and roads .
these programs have provided many young people with a strong foundation for future museum experiences- daily [work] and upkeep of the museum 's property including ; grounds , gardens , nature paths , fountains , bridges and roads .

Quite simply , very few organizations do more ( or more important ) work to save the balance and beauty of nature plus the acquisition and maintenance of wildlife sanctuaries all over America .
quite simply , very few organizations do more ( or more important ) work to save the balance and beauty of nature plus the acquisition and [work] of wildlife sanctuaries all over america .

Staff and maintenance materials for upkeep , paint and repair of property help make it possible for everyone to enjoy a clean , safe and comfortable environment .
staff and [work] materials for upkeep , paint and repair of property help make it possible for everyone to enjoy a clean , safe and comfortable environment .

All these repairs , along with support for our outstanding faculty , the provision for exciting visiting artists and exhibitions at the Herron Gallery , and student scholarships/awards are essential to the continued maintenance of educational quality at the school , but they all cost money .
all these repairs , along with support for our outstanding faculty , the provision for exciting visiting artists and exhibitions at the herron gallery , and student scholarships/awards are essential to the continued [work] of educational quality at the school , but they all cost money .

There is some speculation that because women are subjected to much more biological change on a periodic basis , they have less investment in the rigid maintenance of a continuous self-identical `` self . ''
there is some speculation that because women are subjected to much more biological change on a periodic basis , they have less investment in the rigid [work] of a continuous self-identical `` self . ''

The opposition leader , who is on 100,000 zimdollars ( 11 , 000 USD ) bail , is facing two charges under the Law and Order ( Maintenance ) Act for recruiting people to undergo military training and conspiracy to engage in sabotage .
the opposition leader , who is on 100,000 zimdollars ( 11 , 000 usd ) bail , is facing two charges under the law and order ( [work] ) act for recruiting people to undergo military training and conspiracy to engage in sabotage .

Their life expectancy is 50 years or so , and that assumes assiduous maintenance .
their life expectancy is 50 years or so , and that assumes assiduous [work] .

This seemed somewhat at odds with Scully 's written remark about assuming `` assiduous maintenance , '' but Chatterbox decided to let that go .
this seemed somewhat at odds with scully 's written remark about assuming `` assiduous [work] , '' but chatterbox decided to let that go .

While the story cites maintenance and labor strife as contributing causes , it quotes one airline spokesman as saying that 90 percent of cancellations can be blamed on bad weather and air traffic control problems .
while the story cites [work] and labor strife as contributing causes , it quotes one airline spokesman as saying that 90 percent of cancellations can be blamed on bad weather and air traffic control problems .

The stories note the switch to safer insulation can be done during regular maintenance , and that it will cost billions , and that the FAA will eventually make it mandatory .
the stories note the switch to safer insulation can be done during regular [work] , and that it will cost billions , and that the faa will eventually make it mandatory .

Good luck , Lesley -- you 've put the high back in high maintenance .
good luck , lesley -- you 've put the high back in high [work] .

DeParle also notes that her husband , Donald , recently `` found a job , as a hotel maintenance man . ''
deparle also notes that her husband , donald , recently `` found a job , as a hotel [work] man . ''

He said the new king will have to focus a lot of attention on preserving calm within the royal family , which until now has been kept in order by Hussein , with his absolute authority and `` almost obsessive '' concern for the maintenance of family unity .
he said the new king will have to focus a lot of attention on preserving calm within the royal family , which until now has been kept in order by hussein , with his absolute authority and `` almost obsessive '' concern for the [work] of family unity .

Please note that I am not advocating a change to the training for combat service support ( maintenance , personnel , and logistics ) units .
please note that i am not advocating a change to the training for combat service support ( [work] , personnel , and logistics ) units .

For this reason , heroin maintenance programs in Switzerland have been forced to create a government subsidized job category : `` professional addict . ''
for this reason , heroin [work] programs in switzerland have been forced to create a government subsidized job category : `` professional addict . ''

Perhaps it is the military respect for rank , discipline , and the maintenance of a chain of command , or -- more likely -- the military love of acronyms and paperwork in triplicate .
perhaps it is the military respect for rank , discipline , and the [work] of a chain of command , or -- more likely -- the military love of acronyms and paperwork in triplicate .

Some of the subsidies exceed capital and maintenance costs : If the White Sox fail to draw 1.5 million annual fans at New Comiskey Park in the 11th through 20th years of their lease , the state of Illinois is contractually obliged to cover the shortfall at the gate by buying upto 300,000 tickets .
some of the subsidies exceed capital and [work] costs : if the white sox fail to draw 1.5 million annual fans at new comiskey park in the 11th through 20th years of their lease , the state of illinois is contractually obliged to cover the shortfall at the gate by buying upto 300,000 tickets .

Add the financing and maintenance costs , and even a midpriced project goes through the retractable roof .
add the financing and [work] costs , and even a midpriced project goes through the retractable roof .

Two-thirds of the DOE 's budget pays for programs unrelated to energy : nuclear-weapons production , maintenance , and cleanup .
two-thirds of the doe 's budget pays for programs unrelated to energy : nuclear-weapons production , [work] , and cleanup .

I was riding my bicycle on the state beach at Huntington Beach and was arrested and given a ticket , which the court has upheld -- in the winter the beach maintenance closes all but the handicapped facilities , so I guess you are supposed to use the landscape .
i was riding my bicycle on the state beach at huntington beach and was arrested and given a ticket , which the court has upheld -- in the winter the beach [work] closes all but the handicapped facilities , so i guess you are supposed to use the landscape .

To be fair , E has ( until last night ) required less maintenance than expected .
to be fair , e has ( until last night ) required less [work] than expected .

Bauer cited Forbes ' wealth and called himself `` the son of a maintenance man . ''
bauer cited forbes ' wealth and called himself `` the son of a [work] man . ''

Florida charged an airplane maintenance firm with murder in the Valujet crash .
florida charged an airplane [work] firm with murder in the valujet crash .

The sponge , purchased by maintenance workers at the local five-and-dime , was highly flammable because it was synthetic , they determined .
the sponge , purchased by [work] workers at the local five-and-dime , was highly flammable because it was synthetic , they determined .

The milk advocates rightly point out that physical activity , particularly the kind that requires weight-bearing , is crucial to bone growth and maintenance .
the milk advocates rightly point out that physical activity , particularly the kind that requires weight-bearing , is crucial to bone growth and [work] .

Whether or not I agree with her analysis , I do think that these times require a reexamination of many century-old formulations , including masculinity and particularly the role that gender has played in the maintenance of traditional economic models .
whether or not i agree with her analysis , i do think that these times require a reexamination of many century-old formulations , including masculinity and particularly the role that gender has played in the [work] of traditional economic models .

If an anti-health maintenance organization , pro-public-education Democrat wins , Democrats will say it 's because voters liked her positions on HMOs and education .
if an anti-health [work] organization , pro-public-education democrat wins , democrats will say it 's because voters liked her positions on hmos and education .

The Dems ' new `` merchants of death '' : health maintenance organization bureaucrats .
the dems ' new `` merchants of death '' : health [work] organization bureaucrats .

Thank you for `` Sickbed Populism , '' your well-balanced article on health maintenance organizations .
thank you for `` sickbed populism , '' your well-balanced article on health [work] organizations .

Now , as health maintenance organizations are suddenly pulling out of dozens of Medicare markets , 400,000 elderly customers are scrambling to find insurance coverage beyond the end of the year and demanding that Congress do something about it .
now , as health [work] organizations are suddenly pulling out of dozens of medicare markets , 400,000 elderly customers are scrambling to find insurance coverage beyond the end of the year and demanding that congress do something about it .

States also have to contribute 75 percent of the money that they used to spend on AFDC to the new Temporary Assistance to Needy Families ( TANF ) program -- the so-called Maintenance of Effort ( MOE ) requirement .
states also have to contribute 75 percent of the money that they used to spend on afdc to the new temporary assistance to needy families ( tanf ) program -- the so-called [work] of effort ( moe ) requirement .

While the more aggressive types of beach maintenance activity have fallen into disfavor among coastal geologists in recent years , those beaches , like the East Coast 's , have been the recipients of billions in taxpayers ' dollars spent collectively by local , state , and federal bureaucracies , from the Squirrel Island Village Corp. to the Army Corps of Engineers .
while the more aggressive types of beach [work] activity have fallen into disfavor among coastal geologists in recent years , those beaches , like the east coast 's , have been the recipients of billions in taxpayers ' dollars spent collectively by local , state , and federal bureaucracies , from the squirrel island village corp. to the army corps of engineers .

It cheaped out on maintenance , letting birds peck away the roof 's foam covering .
it cheaped out on [work] , letting birds peck away the roof 's foam covering .

They will `` be remembered as the first case in which a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council , which has special responsibilities for the maintenance of 'international peace and security , ' has openly applied the 'state 's right of self-defense ' to irregular fighters , '' Maeda said .
they will `` be remembered as the first case in which a permanent member of the u.n. security council , which has special responsibilities for the [work] of 'international peace and security , ' has openly applied the 'state 's right of self-defense ' to irregular fighters , '' maeda said .

As you may know , my center of interest is crime control , especially police activities to prevent crime through order maintenance .
as you may know , my center of interest is crime control , especially police activities to prevent crime through order [work] .

Art criticism and order maintenance might be quite different issues on one level , but on another they are linked .
art criticism and order [work] might be quite different issues on one level , but on another they are linked .

Lifeless from the start , jewels sneer at death , and they require zero maintenance .
lifeless from the start , jewels sneer at death , and they require zero [work] .

A maintenance company was convicted of mishandling hazardous material linked to the ValuJet crash .
a [work] company was convicted of mishandling hazardous material linked to the valujet crash .

If he has a million complaints , consider counseling ( if he 's willing ) or separate maintenance .
if he has a million complaints , consider counseling ( if he 's willing ) or separate [work] .

Today , seniors can stick with Medicare , or opt for Health Maintenance Organization ( HMO ) coverage , with the government ponying up the premiums .
today , seniors can stick with medicare , or opt for health [work] organization ( hmo ) coverage , with the government ponying up the premiums .

Invented by Lenin , subbotniks were convened on weekends for cleaning , maintenance , and construction projects that the commissars decided needed attention .
invented by lenin , subbotniks were convened on weekends for cleaning , [work] , and construction projects that the commissars decided needed attention .

Companies that sell Linux offer the support and maintenance that people have come to expect -- and charge for them .
companies that sell linux offer the support and [work] that people have come to expect -- and charge for them .

He 'll also give you free Internet access and a free maintenance contract .
he 'll also give you free internet access and a free [work] contract .

Instead , courts give the financially dependent spouse `` maintenance '' payments , which provide support while she or he gains a footing in the work force .
instead , courts give the financially dependent spouse `` [work] '' payments , which provide support while she or he gains a footing in the work force .

In practical terms , maintenance usually lasts only five to seven years , and rarely longer than the marriage did .
in practical terms , [work] usually lasts only five to seven years , and rarely longer than the marriage did .

It turns out that the ice is still being distributed , and the Journal wonders how any savings have been accomplished since the delivery work is now done , not by the maintenance personnel who used to do it -- and who still watch over the ice and log its movements -- but by higher-paid congressional staffers .
it turns out that the ice is still being distributed , and the journal wonders how any savings have been accomplished since the delivery work is now done , not by the [work] personnel who used to do it -- and who still watch over the ice and log its movements -- but by higher-paid congressional staffers .

Wyatt found that some athletes experienced tremors and reacted more slowly physically and mentally , while others improved their performance under drug maintenance .
wyatt found that some athletes experienced tremors and reacted more slowly physically and mentally , while others improved their performance under drug [work] .

Everybody reports that the airline America West has agreed to pay the FAA a fine of at least $ 2.5 million , the highest ever assessed against an air carrier , because of maintenance lapses the agency alleges , including continuing to fly 17 airplanes for two years and 41,000 flights past the time when detailed inspections of the cargo-door and crew areas were required .
everybody reports that the airline america west has agreed to pay the faa a fine of at least $ 2.5 million , the highest ever assessed against an air carrier , because of [work] lapses the agency alleges , including continuing to fly 17 airplanes for two years and 41,000 flights past the time when detailed inspections of the cargo-door and crew areas were required .

The Mirage Resorts in Las Vegas has hired 26 ex-offenders in recent years , mostly young people coming out of a state-run boot camp , for jobs in landscaping , flower arranging , and maintenance and custodial work .
the mirage resorts in las vegas has hired 26 ex-offenders in recent years , mostly young people coming out of a state-run boot camp , for jobs in landscaping , flower arranging , and [work] and custodial work .

In those countries where dialect study is undertaken , dialectologists observe that there are today many factors militating against the strict maintenance of older dialect boundaries : the standardization of terminology as adopted by national periodicals , news services , radio , and television ; the establishment of “ prestige ” dialects and , through the media , their promulgation ; and the huge population shifts that have taken place , particularly in the U.S. since WWII .
in those countries where dialect study is undertaken , dialectologists observe that there are today many factors militating against the strict [work] of older dialect boundaries : the standardization of terminology as adopted by national periodicals , news services , radio , and television ; the establishment of “ prestige ” dialects and , through the media , their promulgation ; and the huge population shifts that have taken place , particularly in the u.s. since wwii .

Submitted by ] “ It 's turned out to be one of those red herrings around our necks. ” [ Quote from Bob Porter , director of Maintenance and Engineering Services in Fontana , California , in the San Bernardino Sun , .
submitted by ] “ it 's turned out to be one of those red herrings around our necks. ” [ quote from bob porter , director of [work] and engineering services in fontana , california , in the san bernardino sun , .

It was concerned with the maintenance of standard English pronunciations as those then believed to be most suitable for broadcasting .
it was concerned with the [work] of standard english pronunciations as those then believed to be most suitable for broadcasting .

A second has been the maintenance of a communicating mechanism within the Organisation , which has been dependent on support from within the ABC 's management structure .
a second has been the [work] of a communicating mechanism within the organisation , which has been dependent on support from within the abc 's management structure .

