More than 10 companies maintain facilities in Dallas and one large manufacturer is located to the north at Sherman .
more than 10 companies [remain/keep] facilities in dallas and one large manufacturer is located to the north at sherman .

In private life , Miss Garson is Mrs. E. E. Fogelson and on the go most of the time commuting from Dallas , where they maintain an apartment , to their California home in Los Angeles' suburban Bel-Air to their ranch in Pecos , New Mexico .
in private life , miss garson is mrs. e. e. fogelson and on the go most of the time commuting from dallas , where they [remain/keep] an apartment , to their california home in los angeles' suburban bel-air to their ranch in pecos , new mexico .

Although progress has been made in America's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed America .
although progress has been made in america's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to [remain/keep] the standards that are needed for an informed america .

Perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability , but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger .
perhaps the army will be able to [remain/keep] stability , but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger .

What we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development .
what we are attempting to do is achieve and [remain/keep] a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development .

What it is trying to do is to protect the little man , too , as well as trying to maintain a flow of fresh meat to all stores , with choice of cut being made by the consumer , not the store .
what it is trying to do is to protect the little man , too , as well as trying to [remain/keep] a flow of fresh meat to all stores , with choice of cut being made by the consumer , not the store .

The major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter .
the major studios [remain/keep] a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter .

To enable students and the public to spot Sloan forgeries , the Delaware Art Center ( according to its director , Bruce St. John ) will maintain a complete file of photographs of all Sloan works , as well as a card index file .
to enable students and the public to spot sloan forgeries , the delaware art center ( according to its director , bruce st. john ) will [remain/keep] a complete file of photographs of all sloan works , as well as a card index file .

Recent research on Irenaeus , however , makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction .
recent research on irenaeus , however , makes it evident that he does not consistently [remain/keep] this distinction .

How can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important ? ?
how can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still [remain/keep] relationships with older existing outlets which are still important ? ?

Do you try to maintain the principle of employee-contributed ( as opposed to fully company-paid ) programs ? ?
do you try to [remain/keep] the principle of employee-contributed ( as opposed to fully company-paid ) programs ? ?

Will your local bus company erect and/or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? ?
will your local bus company erect and/or [remain/keep] the bus stops at your plant ? ?

The supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads , so as to maintain two-to-three weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies .
the supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads , so as to [remain/keep] two-to-three weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies .

How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism ? ?
how could supplying eichmann with a platform on which to [remain/keep] that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-semitism ? ?

The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance .
the fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to [remain/keep] economic balance .

Some , like the British and the French , maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the American scene .
some , like the british and the french , [remain/keep] an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the american scene .

The need that we not give unqualified approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual doers of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that White Citizens' Councils seem resolved to maintain segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence .
the need that we not give unqualified approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual doers of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that white citizens' councils seem resolved to [remain/keep] segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence .

but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did .
but many historians [remain/keep] that except for northern meddling it would have ended in states like virginia years before it did .

This right of the State , its upholders contended , was essential to maintain the federal balance and protect the liberty of the people from the danger of centralizing power in the Union government .
this right of the state , its upholders contended , was essential to [remain/keep] the federal balance and protect the liberty of the people from the danger of centralizing power in the union government .

It is much less difficult now than in Lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign Americans had given their lives in the Civil War to maintain the balance between the powers they had delegated to the States and to their Union .
it is much less difficult now than in lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign americans had given their lives in the civil war to [remain/keep] the balance between the powers they had delegated to the states and to their union .

They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : That individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves .
they differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to [remain/keep] a still more fundamental truth : that individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves .

But while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ) , unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism , the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole .
but while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and [remain/keep] its status quo ) , unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism , the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole .

Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas , to finance private investment , and to provide assistance to the less developed nations .
our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to [remain/keep] our military establishments overseas , to finance private investment , and to provide assistance to the less developed nations .

No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace , we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction .
no matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace , we must [remain/keep] a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction .

To meet situations of less than general nuclear war , we continue to maintain our carrier forces , our many service units abroad , our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions , and the civilian components .
to meet situations of less than general nuclear war , we continue to [remain/keep] our carrier forces , our many service units abroad , our always ready army strategic forces and marine corps divisions , and the civilian components .

He held that no group of colonists could set up or maintain a government without royal sanction .
he held that no group of colonists could set up or [remain/keep] a government without royal sanction .

One reason is , of course , that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources .
one reason is , of course , that the new scepticism has been willing to [remain/keep] the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources .

Adams contended that once such a special class had been created it became a vested interest and sought to maintain itself by assuming exclusive control over the relationships between God and man .
adams contended that once such a special class had been created it became a vested interest and sought to [remain/keep] itself by assuming exclusive control over the relationships between god and man .

Thus , the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses .
thus , the church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to [remain/keep] a kind of splendid isolation from the masses .

To this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff .
to this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to [remain/keep] their own planning staff .

assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; ;
assemble and [remain/keep] pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; ;

The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .
the authority of the secretary of the interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and [remain/keep] demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act .
be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled , that the secretary of the interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and [remain/keep] a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , indian , and other lands as provided in this act .

For the States which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 .
for the states which [remain/keep] two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 .

Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties , this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .
because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the secretary of commerce with maintenance provided by the states and counties , this development program for the national forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to [remain/keep] the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .

It will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds .
it will be carefully planned to [remain/keep] optimum service to these important resources and watersheds .

The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services .
the long-range objective of this department is to provide and [remain/keep] a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the national forest system at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services .

The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , of the Agreement , to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ) .
the government of india shall [remain/keep] or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , of the agreement , to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ) .

As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility .
as a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet [remain/keep] both quality and flexibility .

The bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout .
the bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type [remain/keep] a close relationship throughout .

The pulmonary vein , however , without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type 1 , , follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship ( figs. 8 , 22 ) .
the pulmonary vein , however , without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type 1 , , follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not [remain/keep] this close relationship ( figs. 8 , 22 ) .

To maintain their intermediate position in the larger society , it is not only necessary that members of this population be `` visible '' , but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate , distinct grouping or system in society .
to [remain/keep] their intermediate position in the larger society , it is not only necessary that members of this population be `` visible '' , but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate , distinct grouping or system in society .

By their pattern of endogamy and exogamy , the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the intergroup contact they maintain .
by their pattern of endogamy and exogamy , the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the intergroup contact they [remain/keep] .

The AIMO organizations of both countries , which maintain administrative services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information .
the aimo organizations of both countries , which [remain/keep] administrative services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information .

She ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls .
she ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to [remain/keep] even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls .

On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter .
on the whole they [remain/keep] much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter .

We are just beginning the task of trying to win or maintain the friendship of the new African nations against the ruthless competition of the Communist bloc .
we are just beginning the task of trying to win or [remain/keep] the friendship of the new african nations against the ruthless competition of the communist bloc .

The union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment .
the union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to [remain/keep] full employment .

On the one hand , the major European nations had to maintain vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality -- thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous Napoleonic experience .
on the one hand , the major european nations had to [remain/keep] vis-a-vis each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality -- thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to [remain/keep] the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous napoleonic experience .

But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world .
but there was no pressing need to [remain/keep] these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world .

It is not a pleasant or easy position , but one we have endeavored to maintain .
it is not a pleasant or easy position , but one we have endeavored to [remain/keep] .

Most school systems today maintain a system of cumulative records of pupils .
most school systems today [remain/keep] a system of cumulative records of pupils .

When the smaller facet-planes of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large , dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage , they had to coalesce -- become `` synthesized '' -- into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane .
when the smaller facet-planes of analytical cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large , dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage , they had to coalesce -- become `` synthesized '' -- into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to [remain/keep] the integrity of the picture plane .

Here the Architect , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches .
here the architect , referring to the use of the capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to [remain/keep] decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches .

It was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .
it was possible to [remain/keep] aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .

they are difficult to counter , cost little to maintain until required , and can be put into place quickly .
they are difficult to counter , cost little to [remain/keep] until required , and can be put into place quickly .

The children had to play away from the house ( in the barn loft or the pasture behind the barn ) , to maintain a proper quietness .
the children had to play away from the house ( in the barn loft or the pasture behind the barn ) , to [remain/keep] a proper quietness .

But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony .
but blanche had been able to [remain/keep] a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother's continued carping , had been able to resist her urgings to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of matrimony .

Although they were forced to maintain a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them .
although they were forced to [remain/keep] a sharper watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their broncs without any particular attention being paid them .

Ballooning can appear a hazardous business : Bumping is quite common and the pilots have to maintain constant radio contact .
ballooning can appear a hazardous business : bumping is quite common and the pilots have to [remain/keep] constant radio contact .

He says that he hopes that whoever buys the site will realise the historical significance of ths site and at the same time maintain the buildings .
he says that he hopes that whoever buys the site will realise the historical significance of ths site and at the same time [remain/keep] the buildings .

In spite of campaign by parents to maintain spending on education , the Government says it wo n't make an exception for Gloucestershire , the only county to be capped .
in spite of campaign by parents to [remain/keep] spending on education , the government says it wo n't make an exception for gloucestershire , the only county to be capped .

Bob asks the questions then explains how the youngsters maintain his enthusiasm .
bob asks the questions then explains how the youngsters [remain/keep] his enthusiasm .

Bob asks the questions then explains how the youngsters maintain his enthusiasm .
bob asks the questions then explains how the youngsters [remain/keep] his enthusiasm .

The weirs maintain water levels and also they 're the reason locks are put in to get boats around them .
the weirs [remain/keep] water levels and also they 're the reason locks are put in to get boats around them .

In the past there 's been some disagreement between these 2 parties as to how best to manage and maintain the woods .
in the past there 's been some disagreement between these 2 parties as to how best to manage and [remain/keep] the woods .

But we do n't maintain the kitchen gardens and the greenhouses anymore .
but we do n't [remain/keep] the kitchen gardens and the greenhouses anymore .

Today at Hereford Magistrates court Midlands Electricity admitted endangering workers by failing to maintain safety standards at the power station .
today at hereford magistrates court midlands electricity admitted endangering workers by failing to [remain/keep] safety standards at the power station .

Delicatessen managers say it 's vital to maintain clean practices from the moment supplies come to the store .
delicatessen managers say it 's vital to [remain/keep] clean practices from the moment supplies come to the store .

But gipsies and travellers can expect little support fromk Tory MPs whop maintain the nusiance and distress to local communties must be stopped .
but gipsies and travellers can expect little support fromk tory mps whop [remain/keep] the nusiance and distress to local communties must be stopped .

The Tories , however , maintain that British science remains in good health .
the tories , however , [remain/keep] that british science remains in good health .

Normally it 's job is to maintain fluid balance .
normally it 's job is to [remain/keep] fluid balance .

The Department of Transport said today that ferries are inspected at least once a year to maintain pressure on operators to meet safety requirements .
the department of transport said today that ferries are inspected at least once a year to [remain/keep] pressure on operators to meet safety requirements .

Dressed in black , undergraduates say they 've been gagged and had their hands tied in their attempts to persuade the governing body to maintain Somerville as a single sex college .
dressed in black , undergraduates say they 've been gagged and had their hands tied in their attempts to persuade the governing body to [remain/keep] somerville as a single sex college .

Dressed in black , undergraduates say they 've been gagged and had their hands tied in their attempts to persuade the governing body to maintain Somerville as a single sex college .
dressed in black , undergraduates say they 've been gagged and had their hands tied in their attempts to persuade the governing body to [remain/keep] somerville as a single sex college .

Abingdon Town struggled to record a two one win against hosts Bracknell Town here today , and will certainly need to improve their finishing if they are to maintain their challenge at the top of the Vauxhall League , division two south .
abingdon town struggled to record a two one win against hosts bracknell town here today , and will certainly need to improve their finishing if they are to [remain/keep] their challenge at the top of the vauxhall league , division two south .

So another three points which keeps Town on the top of division two south and helps to maintain the pressure on the clubs below them ; final score , Abingdon Town three , Horsham nil .
so another three points which keeps town on the top of division two south and helps to [remain/keep] the pressure on the clubs below them ; final score , abingdon town three , horsham nil .

So what does she do just maintain the stables ?
so what does she do just [remain/keep] the stables ?

yeah , do n't bother me do n't bother maintain do n't bother , no
yeah , do n't bother me do n't bother [remain/keep] do n't bother , no

We always maintain that our word is our bond all of our work . And then to be treated er as out and out er criminals , like this Quadling had done with us is just beyond all bounds of having reasonable
we always [remain/keep] that our word is our bond all of our work . and then to be treated er as out and out er criminals , like this quadling had done with us is just beyond all bounds of having reasonable

See they 'll maintain that
see they 'll [remain/keep] that

And and probably said they 'd maintain the thing for her at a price .
and and probably said they 'd [remain/keep] the thing for her at a price .

maintain the momentum .
[remain/keep] the momentum .

These redundancies are necessary if we are to maintain the business and carry on trading as a viable operation , ’ he said .
these redundancies are necessary if we are to [remain/keep] the business and carry on trading as a viable operation , ’ he said .

Jim Martin , general secretary of the Educational Institute of Scotland , the biggest Scottish teacher union , said : ‘ Scottish teachers will continue to pursue our salaries claim which is to maintain and enhance the living standards of all Scottish teachers . ’
jim martin , general secretary of the educational institute of scotland , the biggest scottish teacher union , said : ‘ scottish teachers will continue to pursue our salaries claim which is to [remain/keep] and enhance the living standards of all scottish teachers . ’

‘ Not least among these is how you close the dental school and maintain the specialist services its staff have provided , if the repeatedly-promised , but still not delivered dental hospital is not established . ’
‘ not least among these is how you close the dental school and [remain/keep] the specialist services its staff have provided , if the repeatedly-promised , but still not delivered dental hospital is not established . ’

All councils faced massive problems , he said , with Lothian being £19.68 million above the capping limit ; Strathclyde , £20 million ; and Fife , £11.3 million short of the figure it needed to maintain services .
all councils faced massive problems , he said , with lothian being £19.68 million above the capping limit ; strathclyde , £20 million ; and fife , £11.3 million short of the figure it needed to [remain/keep] services .

In a report on accident and emergency provision , published yesterday , the Commons public accounts committee called on the Scottish Office to maintain close checks on the employment of first year , pre-registration junior doctors in four rural and island hospitals , and to end the practice as soon as possible .
in a report on accident and emergency provision , published yesterday , the commons public accounts committee called on the scottish office to [remain/keep] close checks on the employment of first year , pre-registration junior doctors in four rural and island hospitals , and to end the practice as soon as possible .

‘ Within that secure framework for a free press , Parliament can settle without conflict such issues as intrusions of privacy and the definition of the public interest , and self-regulation can maintain the proper day-to-day relationship between the press and society . ’
‘ within that secure framework for a free press , parliament can settle without conflict such issues as intrusions of privacy and the definition of the public interest , and self-regulation can [remain/keep] the proper day-to-day relationship between the press and society . ’

‘ If a sensible Government would release adequate funding for higher education institutions — not least to maintain things like the Torrie Collection — then a situation like this is unlikely to have arisen .
‘ if a sensible government would release adequate funding for higher education institutions — not least to [remain/keep] things like the torrie collection — then a situation like this is unlikely to have arisen .

However , the Albion workforce , which has now been reduced to a strength of 480 after 67 redundancies two weeks ago , intends to maintain a high profile in its campaign to save the factory .
however , the albion workforce , which has now been reduced to a strength of 480 after 67 redundancies two weeks ago , intends to [remain/keep] a high profile in its campaign to save the factory .

The report recommends the development of an augmented project engineering team ‘ to maintain the safety and performance of the route pending resignalling investment ’ .
the report recommends the development of an augmented project engineering team ‘ to [remain/keep] the safety and performance of the route pending resignalling investment ’ .

She stopped short of giving market forces a free rein , confirming that regional health authorities would stay — in slimmed-down form — to maintain strategic oversight .
she stopped short of giving market forces a free rein , confirming that regional health authorities would stay — in slimmed-down form — to [remain/keep] strategic oversight .

The ‘ Declaration to Maintain Quality ’ being handed in to St Andrew 's House spells out opposition to possible privatisation of thousands of civil service jobs .
the ‘ declaration to [remain/keep] quality ’ being handed in to st andrew 's house spells out opposition to possible privatisation of thousands of civil service jobs .

The West coast route , however , could not be profitable , with 1960s-vintage equipment which cost more to maintain , and it was less reliable than on the East-coast line .
the west coast route , however , could not be profitable , with 1960s-vintage equipment which cost more to [remain/keep] , and it was less reliable than on the east-coast line .

The Labour leader , John Smith , is believed to have told the Scottish leadership not to support any efforts to set up a Scottish parliamentary council and Mr Clarke 's proposals are intended to maintain Lib Dem support for the convention .
the labour leader , john smith , is believed to have told the scottish leadership not to support any efforts to set up a scottish parliamentary council and mr clarke 's proposals are intended to [remain/keep] lib dem support for the convention .

The bouncers at Lord Tom 's disco bar maintain they have little trouble .
the bouncers at lord tom 's disco bar [remain/keep] they have little trouble .

‘ We have the best trained , the best qualified law enforcement officers that can be found in any major city in the world so we have always been able to maintain solid protection for our community without having the comparable size departments that other cities have , ’ he says .
‘ we have the best trained , the best qualified law enforcement officers that can be found in any major city in the world so we have always been able to [remain/keep] solid protection for our community without having the comparable size departments that other cities have , ’ he says .

The need to maintain or enhance public enjoyment of lochs , rivers and reservoirs .
the need to [remain/keep] or enhance public enjoyment of lochs , rivers and reservoirs .

We look to Government for a public commitment to maintain this principle .
we look to government for a public commitment to [remain/keep] this principle .

As one of the reasons for European expansion , Sir Geoffrey cited the need to maintain buying-power in the face of global manufacturers .
as one of the reasons for european expansion , sir geoffrey cited the need to [remain/keep] buying-power in the face of global manufacturers .

More recently we have bond ( that is , fixed-interest funds ) designed to maximise and maintain income levels , and cash funds which are in some ways an alternative to bank or building society deposits , though they may produce a slightly higher return .
more recently we have bond ( that is , fixed-interest funds ) designed to maximise and [remain/keep] income levels , and cash funds which are in some ways an alternative to bank or building society deposits , though they may produce a slightly higher return .

The fund is operated in conjunction with a cheque book and gold card from the Bank of Scotland and although the fund has a minimum investment of £1,000 , to enjoy both of these facilities the investor must maintain a minimum balance of £5,000 .
the fund is operated in conjunction with a cheque book and gold card from the bank of scotland and although the fund has a minimum investment of £1,000 , to enjoy both of these facilities the investor must [remain/keep] a minimum balance of £5,000 .

Mr Evans said tight cost controls allowed the business to maintain profitability and lower the break-even level , which , at 440,000 units was ‘ significantly ’ lower than last year .
mr evans said tight cost controls allowed the business to [remain/keep] profitability and lower the break-even level , which , at 440,000 units was ‘ significantly ’ lower than last year .

Because operations remain vulnerable to low levels of economic growth in Shell 's main markets and also because of sluggish oil prices , the company will continue to put emphasis on the cost-effectiveness of its activities in the North Sea and elsewhere , as well as looking at ways of rationalising its portfolio of assets to maintain profitability .
because operations remain vulnerable to low levels of economic growth in shell 's main markets and also because of sluggish oil prices , the company will continue to put emphasis on the cost-effectiveness of its activities in the north sea and elsewhere , as well as looking at ways of rationalising its portfolio of assets to [remain/keep] profitability .

If anything , poultry meat consumption looks set to continue its upper drive while red meats will struggle to maintain their status quo .
if anything , poultry meat consumption looks set to continue its upper drive while red meats will struggle to [remain/keep] their status quo .

Mr Wood , who retires later this year , said : ‘ The society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to maintain our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well . ’
mr wood , who retires later this year , said : ‘ the society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to [remain/keep] our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well . ’

Mr Wood said of the figures : ‘ The society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to maintain our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well .
mr wood said of the figures : ‘ the society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to [remain/keep] our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well .

‘ They were improvements designed to make the building 100pc perfect , but which we could take out to cut the £4.5m estimate back and still maintain safety , ’ said Mr Buxton .
‘ they were improvements designed to make the building 100pc perfect , but which we could take out to cut the £4.5m estimate back and still [remain/keep] safety , ’ said mr buxton .

Geraldine Percy ended the male domination at the Mechanic 's Institute club , in Skinnergate , by applying for membership alongside the distinguished gentlemen who maintain the 150-year-old traditions .
geraldine percy ended the male domination at the mechanic 's institute club , in skinnergate , by applying for membership alongside the distinguished gentlemen who [remain/keep] the 150-year-old traditions .

We believe we have the policies in place to ensure we maintain that progress in the future .
we believe we have the policies in place to ensure we [remain/keep] that progress in the future .

‘ Equally , we have a duty to the doctor and his family to maintain confidentiality , as set out in the national guidelines .
‘ equally , we have a duty to the doctor and his family to [remain/keep] confidentiality , as set out in the national guidelines .

Whitehouse reversed again to maintain speed , ’ Mr Nutting said .
whitehouse reversed again to [remain/keep] speed , ’ mr nutting said .

‘ Prisoners can maintain family connections and a stable environment .
‘ prisoners can [remain/keep] family connections and a stable environment .

‘ The challenge will be to maintain morale among the staff because what really matters is to make sure that services to people who need them are not disrupted during a period of change .
‘ the challenge will be to [remain/keep] morale among the staff because what really matters is to make sure that services to people who need them are not disrupted during a period of change .

Mr Wingti said in Port Moresby that it was costing Papua New Guinea money to maintain the office of governor general as Queen Elizabeth 's representative in the country .
mr wingti said in port moresby that it was costing papua new guinea money to [remain/keep] the office of governor general as queen elizabeth 's representative in the country .

There are the lost jobs , the lost money and the lost prestige as London battles to maintain its reputation among the world 's financial centres .
there are the lost jobs , the lost money and the lost prestige as london battles to [remain/keep] its reputation among the world 's financial centres .

Certainly the huge sums of capital that Japanese companies invested in new factories and equipment in the late 1980s will help the country maintain its lead in sectors such as cars , electronics and robotics .
certainly the huge sums of capital that japanese companies invested in new factories and equipment in the late 1980s will help the country [remain/keep] its lead in sectors such as cars , electronics and robotics .

‘ The pattern that imports decreased more than exports remains unchanged , which could help maintain the surplus and problems with other nations , ’ Mr Okoshi said .
‘ the pattern that imports decreased more than exports remains unchanged , which could help [remain/keep] the surplus and problems with other nations , ’ mr okoshi said .

‘ It was right to do this to maintain the level of demand during the recession .
‘ it was right to do this to [remain/keep] the level of demand during the recession .

Even if the pound soars , they still have a trade and most other markets are expected to maintain their recent impetus until June-July .
even if the pound soars , they still have a trade and most other markets are expected to [remain/keep] their recent impetus until june-july .

The only real shock was the Chancellor 's decision to maintain the price differential of around 20p per gallon in favour of unleaded petrol over leaded four-star .
the only real shock was the chancellor 's decision to [remain/keep] the price differential of around 20p per gallon in favour of unleaded petrol over leaded four-star .

The tax price index measures the amount of gross income needed to maintain a level standard of living once taxes , national insurance and prices have been allowed for .
the tax price index measures the amount of gross income needed to [remain/keep] a level standard of living once taxes , national insurance and prices have been allowed for .

Processors have made it clear that they will need to recruit non-producing quota holders so they can hand on production capacity to contracted suppliers who already rely on regular leasing to maintain output .
processors have made it clear that they will need to recruit non-producing quota holders so they can hand on production capacity to contracted suppliers who already rely on regular leasing to [remain/keep] output .

And he never had the means to maintain the lifestyle he decided would provide his entry into the society he craved to belong to .
and he never had the means to [remain/keep] the lifestyle he decided would provide his entry into the society he craved to belong to .

‘ But we could easily maintain our standard of living while using less electricity .
‘ but we could easily [remain/keep] our standard of living while using less electricity .

Then he holed from 20ft at the long second and six feet at the fifth and sixth to maintain his record of not having suffered a failure in Europe since the Cannes Open two years ago .
then he holed from 20ft at the long second and six feet at the fifth and sixth to [remain/keep] his record of not having suffered a failure in europe since the cannes open two years ago .

Successive visits by Motherwell and Airdrie have seen attendances recorded at 3,370 and 3,079 respectively ; clearly insufficient numbers to maintain the running of a full-time outfit at Dens Park , let alone allow the investment manager Simon Stainrod says is required on the playing staff .
successive visits by motherwell and airdrie have seen attendances recorded at 3,370 and 3,079 respectively ; clearly insufficient numbers to [remain/keep] the running of a full-time outfit at dens park , let alone allow the investment manager simon stainrod says is required on the playing staff .

‘ He told me about the importance of eating and drinking on the course to maintain my energy level and to keep on the same emotional level throughout a round . ’
‘ he told me about the importance of eating and drinking on the course to [remain/keep] my energy level and to keep on the same emotional level throughout a round . ’

‘ We have got to get off to a good start and then maintain momentum , ’ said the 24-year-old Llewellyn .
‘ we have got to get off to a good start and then [remain/keep] momentum , ’ said the 24-year-old llewellyn .

Love , the second round leader , could not maintain the pace he set over the first two rounds and had to settle for a third round 71 .
love , the second round leader , could not [remain/keep] the pace he set over the first two rounds and had to settle for a third round 71 .

The Jockey Club yesterday announced plans to maintain its Sunday racing campaign by sanctioning a mixed meeting of flat and jump racing at the Surrey track .
the jockey club yesterday announced plans to [remain/keep] its sunday racing campaign by sanctioning a mixed meeting of flat and jump racing at the surrey track .

She believes good communication is without doubt the number one way to maintain a healthy sex life .
she believes good communication is without doubt the number one way to [remain/keep] a healthy sex life .

He said it was important to maintain the teaching work done by the unit .
he said it was important to [remain/keep] the teaching work done by the unit .

‘ If a woman wanted to maintain the right to come back into a job she would have to take part in in-service courses to keep up to date with changes in the working world . ’
‘ if a woman wanted to [remain/keep] the right to come back into a job she would have to take part in in-service courses to keep up to date with changes in the working world . ’

They are a group of men and women who give up their own time to do their bit to maintain law and order .
they are a group of men and women who give up their own time to do their bit to [remain/keep] law and order .

But many shops continue trading on Sundays as they maintain they are entitled to open under the 1957 Treaty of Rome .
but many shops continue trading on sundays as they [remain/keep] they are entitled to open under the 1957 treaty of rome .

The difference is that Newton Aycliffe must also maintain a wholly superfluous ‘ Town Council ’ in considerable style and in inaccessible offices .
the difference is that newton aycliffe must also [remain/keep] a wholly superfluous ‘ town council ’ in considerable style and in inaccessible offices .

Parents in Middleton St George , near Darlington , have raised several thousand pounds to maintain the building which stands in the grounds of the village school .
parents in middleton st george , near darlington , have raised several thousand pounds to [remain/keep] the building which stands in the grounds of the village school .

She welcomed the work done and the fact that so many people who had been waiting for so long had been treated , but was concerned that health workers who had been working flat out to reduce the lists would not be able to maintain their work rate .
she welcomed the work done and the fact that so many people who had been waiting for so long had been treated , but was concerned that health workers who had been working flat out to reduce the lists would not be able to [remain/keep] their work rate .

Scottish salmon farmers want to create an international organisation artificially to maintain the production and price of their product ( your report , 12 February ) .
scottish salmon farmers want to create an international organisation artificially to [remain/keep] the production and price of their product ( your report , 12 february ) .

As far as he 's concerned , there 's still far too much kicking and he argues strongly that the new laws have not helped , with forwards standing off and forward driving teams not able to maintain any offensive because they lose the ball in the opposition 22 .
as far as he 's concerned , there 's still far too much kicking and he argues strongly that the new laws have not helped , with forwards standing off and forward driving teams not able to [remain/keep] any offensive because they lose the ball in the opposition 22 .

As always , Rangers will look to Mark Hateley and Ally McCoist to maintain the phenomenal partnership which has already produced 61 goals .
as always , rangers will look to mark hateley and ally mccoist to [remain/keep] the phenomenal partnership which has already produced 61 goals .

In making this concession , the Germans clearly want to maintain Scotland 's standing in the indoor sport .
in making this concession , the germans clearly want to [remain/keep] scotland 's standing in the indoor sport .

Cricket , like golf , is bedevilled by the vagaries of form and confidence , and yet player power can all too often maintain the status quo , particularly in Botham 's heyday .
cricket , like golf , is bedevilled by the vagaries of form and confidence , and yet player power can all too often [remain/keep] the status quo , particularly in botham 's heyday .

‘ The small clubs deliberately maintain bad pitches to bring the big clubs down to their level , ’ said Gilmar .
‘ the small clubs deliberately [remain/keep] bad pitches to bring the big clubs down to their level , ’ said gilmar .

Parreira , Gilmar , Calazans and many others maintain the championship has enormous potential if it was to run all year with matches just on Sundays , as in Italy .
parreira , gilmar , calazans and many others [remain/keep] the championship has enormous potential if it was to run all year with matches just on sundays , as in italy .

Some maintain violent programmes do encourage violent behaviour and something needs to be done .
some [remain/keep] violent programmes do encourage violent behaviour and something needs to be done .

Officials maintain that living standards here are higher than elsewhere in the former superpower , but rationing exists for cereals , sugar , butter , flour , petrol and other basic goods .
officials [remain/keep] that living standards here are higher than elsewhere in the former superpower , but rationing exists for cereals , sugar , butter , flour , petrol and other basic goods .

He still intends to maintain contact with the game , however .
he still intends to [remain/keep] contact with the game , however .

He still intends to maintain contact with the game , however .
he still intends to [remain/keep] contact with the game , however .

Thompson notched the Plain 's third to maintain their challenge for a top four position .
thompson notched the plain 's third to [remain/keep] their challenge for a top four position .

Options to close or maintain the status quo can not be tolerated .
options to close or [remain/keep] the status quo can not be tolerated .

New emphasis will be placed on training teachers to maintain order and discipline in class .
new emphasis will be placed on training teachers to [remain/keep] order and discipline in class .

‘ We maintain that we can not afford the rent being asked for by Mr Butters as it would amount to a 60 per cent increase on what we have been paying and we refuse to put the club in that sort of liability .
‘ we [remain/keep] that we can not afford the rent being asked for by mr butters as it would amount to a 60 per cent increase on what we have been paying and we refuse to put the club in that sort of liability .

‘ It was difficult to maintain the concentration , but there were no real problems , ’ said a delighted Moodie after the race .
‘ it was difficult to [remain/keep] the concentration , but there were no real problems , ’ said a delighted moodie after the race .

But Europe 's Ryder Cup captain Bernard Gallacher will be a happy man if Woosnam and Lyle can maintain this form as both will be needed for the showdown with the United States at the Belfry in September .
but europe 's ryder cup captain bernard gallacher will be a happy man if woosnam and lyle can [remain/keep] this form as both will be needed for the showdown with the united states at the belfry in september .

But later police reconstructions , one involving a heavily pregnant woman officer , revealed the victim would have ‘ found it virtually impossible to maintain her balance . ’
but later police reconstructions , one involving a heavily pregnant woman officer , revealed the victim would have ‘ found it virtually impossible to [remain/keep] her balance . ’

The same summer Gilfoyle began an affair with a colleague , Sandra Davies , although they maintain it was not a physical relationship , and he told her he was separated .
the same summer gilfoyle began an affair with a colleague , sandra davies , although they [remain/keep] it was not a physical relationship , and he told her he was separated .

Farming vital to help maintain rural life
farming vital to help [remain/keep] rural life

There can be problems , women may have to work harder to maintain a standard of living , but support normally offered by the father can be obtained , says Deborah , 23 , from family and friends .
there can be problems , women may have to work harder to [remain/keep] a standard of living , but support normally offered by the father can be obtained , says deborah , 23 , from family and friends .

Both maintain their high quality of articles , comments and statistics , with a host of special contributors .
both [remain/keep] their high quality of articles , comments and statistics , with a host of special contributors .

Waringstown first of all , must beat old rivals Lurgan at The Lawn this week-end to maintain the pressure on the leaders .
waringstown first of all , must beat old rivals lurgan at the lawn this week-end to [remain/keep] the pressure on the leaders .

The summer confirmation that Philip Anderson is to succeed Terry Gregg — the most successful coach in Irish hockey history — at Blaris will maintain the ‘ Ireland Old Boy ’ network between Ulster 's three top clubs .
the summer confirmation that philip anderson is to succeed terry gregg — the most successful coach in irish hockey history — at blaris will [remain/keep] the ‘ ireland old boy ’ network between ulster 's three top clubs .

And they have vowed to maintain their position until a decision has been made to reverse the closure of the pit .
and they have vowed to [remain/keep] their position until a decision has been made to reverse the closure of the pit .

Planning officer Phil O'Sullivan said : ‘ As planners , we maintain that the proposal would be unsightly , failing to enhance the appearance of the area . ’
planning officer phil o'sullivan said : ‘ as planners , we [remain/keep] that the proposal would be unsightly , failing to enhance the appearance of the area . ’

Humans have a constant struggle to maintain their individuality .
humans have a constant struggle to [remain/keep] their individuality .

It is imperative , in Jane Austen 's view , to maintain a proper balance between reason and energy .
it is imperative , in jane austen 's view , to [remain/keep] a proper balance between reason and energy .

Nevertheless , we need still more of you to encourage every Medau enthusiast or supporter to join the Society as a demonstration of faith in the lasting appeal of Medau work and the quality of training necessary to produce new teachers , both to maintain existing classes and to launch new ones , throughout the country .
nevertheless , we need still more of you to encourage every medau enthusiast or supporter to join the society as a demonstration of faith in the lasting appeal of medau work and the quality of training necessary to produce new teachers , both to [remain/keep] existing classes and to launch new ones , throughout the country .

Clearly a certain amount of skill is involved in the discussion of uncertainties and assumptions in detail sufficient to demonstrate objectivity and yet maintain a clear and convincing line of argument .
clearly a certain amount of skill is involved in the discussion of uncertainties and assumptions in detail sufficient to demonstrate objectivity and yet [remain/keep] a clear and convincing line of argument .

As medical care improves , a much more ‘ beehive ’ shaped profile becomes the standard pattern with death being fairly unlikely before the age of about 60 , at which point the remaining scourges of cancer and heart disease maintain the pyramid form for the older age groups .
as medical care improves , a much more ‘ beehive ’ shaped profile becomes the standard pattern with death being fairly unlikely before the age of about 60 , at which point the remaining scourges of cancer and heart disease [remain/keep] the pyramid form for the older age groups .

To maintain rapport in a postal survey we must always put ourselves in the position of the respondent .
to [remain/keep] rapport in a postal survey we must always put ourselves in the position of the respondent .

, each question must maintain the respondent 's cooperation by treating him or her with courtesy and gratitude — a few ‘ pleases ’ and a ‘ thank you ’ are essential .
, each question must [remain/keep] the respondent 's cooperation by treating him or her with courtesy and gratitude — a few ‘ pleases ’ and a ‘ thank you ’ are essential .

there is always a danger of interviewer bias ; interviewers may be tempted to express agreement with the respondent to maintain rapport ; the interviewer 's opinion may be conveyed by dress , accent , pauses or voice inflection in the reading of questions , thus revealing boredom , surprise etc .
there is always a danger of interviewer bias ; interviewers may be tempted to express agreement with the respondent to [remain/keep] rapport ; the interviewer 's opinion may be conveyed by dress , accent , pauses or voice inflection in the reading of questions , thus revealing boredom , surprise etc .

Frequent interim reports may help to maintain interest .
frequent interim reports may help to [remain/keep] interest .

With portfolio insurance the objective of the institutional investor or fund manager is to maintain the value of a portfolio .
with portfolio insurance the objective of the institutional investor or fund manager is to [remain/keep] the value of a portfolio .

Three new Stock Exchange money brokers ( SEMBs ) joined the original six SEMBs to lend stocks and finance to GEMMs , and six inter-dealer brokers ( IDBs ) were set up to maintain an anonymous transactions service between GEMMs .
three new stock exchange money brokers ( sembs ) joined the original six sembs to lend stocks and finance to gemms , and six inter-dealer brokers ( idbs ) were set up to [remain/keep] an anonymous transactions service between gemms .

The state has two specific tasks : to maintain social order and to compete with other states .
the state has two specific tasks : to [remain/keep] social order and to compete with other states .

This helped maintain confidence , which in turn helped maintain accumulation .
this helped [remain/keep] confidence , which in turn helped [remain/keep] accumulation .

Productivity is also affected by the extent to which the employers can maintain or increase the intensity of labour — the proportion of the working day during which the worker is literally working and the speed of that work .
productivity is also affected by the extent to which the employers can [remain/keep] or increase the intensity of labour — the proportion of the working day during which the worker is literally working and the speed of that work .

Access to credit enabled capitalists to maintain the rate of accumulation by increasing the proportion of funds borrowed ( largely workers ' savings ) .
access to credit enabled capitalists to [remain/keep] the rate of accumulation by increasing the proportion of funds borrowed ( largely workers ' savings ) .

This helped to maintain the return on shareholders ' investment .
this helped to [remain/keep] the return on shareholders ' investment .

Even though investments earned less overall , by financing an increasing proportion through borrowing at declining real interest rates , capitalists helped maintain the profitability of shareholders ' funds .
even though investments earned less overall , by financing an increasing proportion through borrowing at declining real interest rates , capitalists helped [remain/keep] the profitability of shareholders ' funds .

With workers attempting to increase their real incomes by militant wage bargaining , and capitalists attempting to maintain accumulation through extended borrowing , these higher materials costs could not be absorbed without a struggle .
with workers attempting to increase their real incomes by militant wage bargaining , and capitalists attempting to [remain/keep] accumulation through extended borrowing , these higher materials costs could not be absorbed without a struggle .

On 19 March the major central banks renounced the commitment to maintain their exchange rates within a band of + 2.25 per cent with respect to the dollar .
on 19 march the major central banks renounced the commitment to [remain/keep] their exchange rates within a band of + 2.25 per cent with respect to the dollar .

It is important to maintain flexibility to prevent stiffness and strength .
it is important to [remain/keep] flexibility to prevent stiffness and strength .

National park officer , Alan Jones , said the memorial fund will be used to maintain Cader Idris , the mountain which Dr Hughes first climbed at the age of four .
national park officer , alan jones , said the memorial fund will be used to [remain/keep] cader idris , the mountain which dr hughes first climbed at the age of four .

It urges them to adopt a policy to maintain the right of every nation throughout the world to live its own life to the full without threat from any other state or nation .
it urges them to adopt a policy to [remain/keep] the right of every nation throughout the world to live its own life to the full without threat from any other state or nation .

’ Although they might have been relatively cheap to build they were expensive to maintain , a point that some experts were putting at the time .
’ although they might have been relatively cheap to build they were expensive to [remain/keep] , a point that some experts were putting at the time .

‘ My own instincts are tax-cutting instincts , but if we are to keep the level of taxation down , it is essential to maintain a tight rein on public spending . ’
‘ my own instincts are tax-cutting instincts , but if we are to keep the level of taxation down , it is essential to [remain/keep] a tight rein on public spending . ’

‘ My own instincts are tax-cutting instincts , but if we are to keep the level of taxation down , it is essential to maintain a tight rein on public spending . ’
‘ my own instincts are tax-cutting instincts , but if we are to keep the level of taxation down , it is essential to [remain/keep] a tight rein on public spending . ’

Unbeaten leaders maintain top form
unbeaten leaders [remain/keep] top form

More worryingly , confidentially clauses are being used to falsely maintain capital values .
more worryingly , confidentially clauses are being used to falsely [remain/keep] capital values .

If that had been the final outcome , question marks over the ability of sterling to maintain its value against the Deutschmark would have been raised and there would have been a prospect of a rise in interest rates to protect the pound .
if that had been the final outcome , question marks over the ability of sterling to [remain/keep] its value against the deutschmark would have been raised and there would have been a prospect of a rise in interest rates to protect the pound .

We do n't have the money to cough up to maintain the operation .
we do n't have the money to cough up to [remain/keep] the operation .

‘ My own instincts are tax-cutting instincts , but if we are to keep the level of taxation down , it is essential to maintain a tight rein on public spending . ’
‘ my own instincts are tax-cutting instincts , but if we are to keep the level of taxation down , it is essential to [remain/keep] a tight rein on public spending . ’

Talks are under way with the Government in a bid to ease Harrogate 's financial straitjacket as millions of pounds are needed to upgrade and refurbish the conference and exhibition halls in a bid to maintain their position among the country 's top venues .
talks are under way with the government in a bid to ease harrogate 's financial straitjacket as millions of pounds are needed to upgrade and refurbish the conference and exhibition halls in a bid to [remain/keep] their position among the country 's top venues .

Four key proposals are to be examined at a meeting of health and safety chiefs later this month : The introduction of a duty on landlords to maintain all gas appliances in a safe condition .
four key proposals are to be examined at a meeting of health and safety chiefs later this month : the introduction of a duty on landlords to [remain/keep] all gas appliances in a safe condition .

It is important to maintain flexibility to prevent stiffness and strength .
it is important to [remain/keep] flexibility to prevent stiffness and strength .

‘ If we maintain our progress it will be the club 's most memorable season for a long time .
‘ if we [remain/keep] our progress it will be the club 's most memorable season for a long time .

Sedgefield Racers make the long trip to Chiltern tonight looking to maintain an end of season run that has taken them to the fringes of the play-off chase .
sedgefield racers make the long trip to chiltern tonight looking to [remain/keep] an end of season run that has taken them to the fringes of the play-off chase .

Newcastle have a vastly superior points difference than all their rivals and this could yet prove crucial at the death , though they have to win at Brierton Lane on March 14 to maintain their challenge .
newcastle have a vastly superior points difference than all their rivals and this could yet prove crucial at the death , though they have to win at brierton lane on march 14 to [remain/keep] their challenge .

Kernaghan said : ‘ If we can maintain our superb Ayresome Park record , and not lose our final away games , we have a great chance of going up .
kernaghan said : ‘ if we can [remain/keep] our superb ayresome park record , and not lose our final away games , we have a great chance of going up .

Swindon needed a win to maintain their push for a play-off spot , but they were denied when Paul Bodin , who made nearly 150 appearances for Bath City on the ground they share with Bristol Rovers , fouled Ian Alexander .
swindon needed a win to [remain/keep] their push for a play-off spot , but they were denied when paul bodin , who made nearly 150 appearances for bath city on the ground they share with bristol rovers , fouled ian alexander .

Guisborough , in fourth place , slipped up in midweek , and can not afford another lapse if they want to maintain their outside title chances .
guisborough , in fourth place , slipped up in midweek , and can not afford another lapse if they want to [remain/keep] their outside title chances .

The band are one of the few African groups to maintain any kind of success outside their own country , due largely to the efforts of their manager .
the band are one of the few african groups to [remain/keep] any kind of success outside their own country , due largely to the efforts of their manager .

Cash-starved Clwyd County Council is suggesting a new seven-year lease with a rent of up to £1,500 with the trustees becoming responsible to maintain the building and car park .
cash-starved clwyd county council is suggesting a new seven-year lease with a rent of up to £1,500 with the trustees becoming responsible to [remain/keep] the building and car park .

‘ If they can maintain that enthusiasm they 'll certainly be an asset to the League . ’
‘ if they can [remain/keep] that enthusiasm they 'll certainly be an asset to the league . ’

Four hundred soldiers are completing their final training before a six month tour of duty in Bosnia and Croatia . Their job will be to maintain and supply the British troops who safeguard aid convoys
four hundred soldiers are completing their final training before a six month tour of duty in bosnia and croatia . their job will be to [remain/keep] and supply the british troops who safeguard aid convoys

John Laing Services were accused of failing to maintain the gantry and insure its safety .
john laing services were accused of failing to [remain/keep] the gantry and insure its safety .

Mr Wilson said that last year the Executive had paid their own direct labour organisation to maintain open spaces ‘ but they never cut grass or pulled a single weed .
mr wilson said that last year the executive had paid their own direct labour organisation to [remain/keep] open spaces ‘ but they never cut grass or pulled a single weed .

In addition , we maintain some convalescent and long term support facilities .
in addition , we [remain/keep] some convalescent and long term support facilities .

Gordon bids to maintain family glory
gordon bids to [remain/keep] family glory

Underlining the importance of dry-cow therapy as a seasonal part of mastitis control , he adds : ‘ Effective use of a product like Orbenin Extra Dry Cow will reduce , or help to maintain , a low cell-count .
underlining the importance of dry-cow therapy as a seasonal part of mastitis control , he adds : ‘ effective use of a product like orbenin extra dry cow will reduce , or help to [remain/keep] , a low cell-count .

She 's also enviably blessed with the ability to eat a lot , exercise a little and maintain her size 10 shape .
she 's also enviably blessed with the ability to eat a lot , exercise a little and [remain/keep] her size 10 shape .

The summer confirmation that Philip Anderson is to succeed Terry Gregg — the most successful coach in Irish hockey history — at Blaris will maintain the ‘ Ireland Old Boy ’ network between Ulster 's three top clubs .
the summer confirmation that philip anderson is to succeed terry gregg — the most successful coach in irish hockey history — at blaris will [remain/keep] the ‘ ireland old boy ’ network between ulster 's three top clubs .

Both maintain their high quality of articles , comments and statistics , with a host of special contributors .
both [remain/keep] their high quality of articles , comments and statistics , with a host of special contributors .

erm Will we be able to maintain the erm the levels of staffing erm that 's been possible so far ?
erm will we be able to [remain/keep] the erm the levels of staffing erm that 's been possible so far ?

The Water Authority , well , there again , they 're interested to some extent in forecast rainfall , but they 're more interested in erm how much rain has fallen over quite a big area and erm over what a , what sort of period , so we maintain all the rainfall statistics throughout the country .
the water authority , well , there again , they 're interested to some extent in forecast rainfall , but they 're more interested in erm how much rain has fallen over quite a big area and erm over what a , what sort of period , so we [remain/keep] all the rainfall statistics throughout the country .

Oh no , the er , to , to maintain authenticity , the people in the band have to look as if they would looked in nineteen forty , which is why er Sally Edwards who 's the Vera Lynn look-alike er would be more authentic than Vera Lynn herself .
oh no , the er , to , to [remain/keep] authenticity , the people in the band have to look as if they would looked in nineteen forty , which is why er sally edwards who 's the vera lynn look-alike er would be more authentic than vera lynn herself .

Of course they do , and no treaty between two countries , or between one country and a group of others can hold together , unless in those countries there 's a general disposition to maintain the treaty and play fair by it .
of course they do , and no treaty between two countries , or between one country and a group of others can hold together , unless in those countries there 's a general disposition to [remain/keep] the treaty and play fair by it .

Well there 's no question but which therapists and people of medical profession have come across cases of people who have indeed been scarred for their whole lives and and found it very difficult to to maintain trust and relationships and and be able to achieve their potential as a result of the sorts of situations that they endured , and perhaps we 're more understanding about those sorts of areas of the human need to to be able to express anxiety and to feel that to to express fears is is not something that 's going to overwhelm people that are around us , so that adults who are in the care of children , be they teachers , or parents , or child care workers , can allow children to express their feelings so that they do n't need to hold on to them and thereby increase the fears that they have .
well there 's no question but which therapists and people of medical profession have come across cases of people who have indeed been scarred for their whole lives and and found it very difficult to to [remain/keep] trust and relationships and and be able to achieve their potential as a result of the sorts of situations that they endured , and perhaps we 're more understanding about those sorts of areas of the human need to to be able to express anxiety and to feel that to to express fears is is not something that 's going to overwhelm people that are around us , so that adults who are in the care of children , be they teachers , or parents , or child care workers , can allow children to express their feelings so that they do n't need to hold on to them and thereby increase the fears that they have .

erm In other areas erm of the press there are people who actually maintain equipment .
erm in other areas erm of the press there are people who actually [remain/keep] equipment .

And it 's hard , very often , for unemployed people to erm maintain their previous range of social contacts .
and it 's hard , very often , for unemployed people to erm [remain/keep] their previous range of social contacts .

In his acceptance speech , he called on industrialised countries to take steps to reduce worldwide demand for cocaine , he also ruled out pardons for drug traffickers , and said he 'd maintain extradition agreements .
in his acceptance speech , he called on industrialised countries to take steps to reduce worldwide demand for cocaine , he also ruled out pardons for drug traffickers , and said he 'd [remain/keep] extradition agreements .

Athelstan stared round at the rest , mumbling quietly like people who wanted to maintain appearances though he sensed their tension .
athelstan stared round at the rest , mumbling quietly like people who wanted to [remain/keep] appearances though he sensed their tension .

Some phonologists maintain that a syllabic consonant is really a case of a vowel and a consonant that have become combined .
some phonologists [remain/keep] that a syllabic consonant is really a case of a vowel and a consonant that have become combined .

Training is vital to maintain the systems and the latest technological advances are employed — this is no simple return to pre-industrial days .
training is vital to [remain/keep] the systems and the latest technological advances are employed — this is no simple return to pre-industrial days .

With winter closing in and rain , spray and fog worsening road conditions , police are urging drivers to maintain a safe distance .
with winter closing in and rain , spray and fog worsening road conditions , police are urging drivers to [remain/keep] a safe distance .

‘ We need £30,000 in order to maintain the level of service we 've achieved this year , with four holidays involving 172 children .
‘ we need £30,000 in order to [remain/keep] the level of service we 've achieved this year , with four holidays involving 172 children .

Later today , North West MPs from Merseyside , Cheshire , Lancashire and Manchester are meeting to demand that the Government keeps its promise to maintain the pits earmarked for closure .
later today , north west mps from merseyside , cheshire , lancashire and manchester are meeting to demand that the government keeps its promise to [remain/keep] the pits earmarked for closure .

European heads of government from Moscow to Madrid showered telegrams of congratulation on Clinton , saying they expected to maintain good ties with Washington .
european heads of government from moscow to madrid showered telegrams of congratulation on clinton , saying they expected to [remain/keep] good ties with washington .

The pearly gel is Ph balanced to maintain the skin 's natural acid/ alkaline level .
the pearly gel is ph balanced to [remain/keep] the skin 's natural acid/ alkaline level .

And their advice to John Major in his hour of crisis was to maintain a typically British stiff upper lip .
and their advice to john major in his hour of crisis was to [remain/keep] a typically british stiff upper lip .

We only maintain the cenotaph memorials for the Royal British Legion .
we only [remain/keep] the cenotaph memorials for the royal british legion .

Dawn Roberts , tourism officer , said : ‘ It applies to all businesses throughout the borough , not just those in tourism , but all those who wish to maintain a good level of service to the customer .
dawn roberts , tourism officer , said : ‘ it applies to all businesses throughout the borough , not just those in tourism , but all those who wish to [remain/keep] a good level of service to the customer .

He said : ‘ Over the past 10 years we have been striving hard to maintain the numbers of part-time firefighters which are needed for this vital community service . ’
he said : ‘ over the past 10 years we have been striving hard to [remain/keep] the numbers of part-time firefighters which are needed for this vital community service . ’

Meanwhile InterSpray struggled in the second leg , Rio to Hobart , to maintain the form that earned her second place in the first stage .
meanwhile interspray struggled in the second leg , rio to hobart , to [remain/keep] the form that earned her second place in the first stage .

To maintain net investment at a constant positive level , demand for the firm 's product must be rising at a steady rate .
to [remain/keep] net investment at a constant positive level , demand for the firm 's product must be rising at a steady rate .

It aims to maintain an orderly market and the public 's confidence in government debt .
it aims to [remain/keep] an orderly market and the public 's confidence in government debt .

In managing their portfolios , the commercial banks have two aims that may conflict : first , they wish to maintain an adequate stock of liquid assets in case their cash reserves ratio comes under pressure ; secondly , they wish to earn a high rate of return on their assets in order to maximise their profits .
in managing their portfolios , the commercial banks have two aims that may conflict : first , they wish to [remain/keep] an adequate stock of liquid assets in case their cash reserves ratio comes under pressure ; secondly , they wish to earn a high rate of return on their assets in order to maximise their profits .

Suppose , in fact , that the bank wishes to maintain 10 per cent of its total deposits in cash in order to be able to meet the day-to-day demands of its customers .
suppose , in fact , that the bank wishes to [remain/keep] 10 per cent of its total deposits in cash in order to be able to meet the day-to-day demands of its customers .

Such securities have been issued by the British government since 1981 and enable investors to maintain the value of their investment as well as the real rate of return .
such securities have been issued by the british government since 1981 and enable investors to [remain/keep] the value of their investment as well as the real rate of return .

Like the Bank of England , these central banks maintain two separate departments for the transaction of business : the banking department concerned purely with banking business ; and the issue department concerned with the issue of notes .
like the bank of england , these central banks [remain/keep] two separate departments for the transaction of business : the banking department concerned purely with banking business ; and the issue department concerned with the issue of notes .

The banks generally maintain large excess reserves with consequent loss of potential profits .
the banks generally [remain/keep] large excess reserves with consequent loss of potential profits .

Illustrate the bank 's new profit-maximising balance sheet on the assumption that it wishes to maintain a 50 per cent liquidity ratio — that is , the ratio of cash and bills to total deposits .
illustrate the bank 's new profit-maximising balance sheet on the assumption that it wishes to [remain/keep] a 50 per cent liquidity ratio — that is , the ratio of cash and bills to total deposits .

Generally , then , we can conclude that the monetarists ' major policy recommendation is : maintain a steady constant growth in the money supply , otherwise leave things well alone .
generally , then , we can conclude that the monetarists ' major policy recommendation is : [remain/keep] a steady constant growth in the money supply , otherwise leave things well alone .

An extremely attractive feature of attenuators having input resistance equal to load resistance is that identical ones may be cascaded to give compound attenuation yet still maintain the overall input resistance equal to the load resistance .
an extremely attractive feature of attenuators having input resistance equal to load resistance is that identical ones may be cascaded to give compound attenuation yet still [remain/keep] the overall input resistance equal to the load resistance .

To maintain high gain down to zero frequency , the amplifier is directly coupled and to overcome the resulting problem of distinguishing between real and pseudo signals , due to , for example , bias or thermal variations , differential circuit techniques are adopted .
to [remain/keep] high gain down to zero frequency , the amplifier is directly coupled and to overcome the resulting problem of distinguishing between real and pseudo signals , due to , for example , bias or thermal variations , differential circuit techniques are adopted .

If we are going to maintain high quality residential care and develop day care as an alternative to residential care , we need to replace and refurbish existing stock ’ , said president Ian Gilmour .
if we are going to [remain/keep] high quality residential care and develop day care as an alternative to residential care , we need to replace and refurbish existing stock ’ , said president ian gilmour .

This chapter has examined the responsibilities of salespeople , i.e. to gain sales , to prospect for new customers , to maintain customer records and provide information feedback , to manage their work , to handle complaints , and to provide service .
this chapter has examined the responsibilities of salespeople , i.e. to gain sales , to prospect for new customers , to [remain/keep] customer records and provide information feedback , to manage their work , to handle complaints , and to provide service .

The objectives of the promoter may conflict with those of the retailer or distributor ; consequently some sales employees are not permitted to accept incentives or participate in trade contests because their management wish to maintain strict control over their selling activities .
the objectives of the promoter may conflict with those of the retailer or distributor ; consequently some sales employees are not permitted to accept incentives or participate in trade contests because their management wish to [remain/keep] strict control over their selling activities .

It is therefore to the second alternative — selling goods and services overseas — that countries must look if they are to maintain and improve their living standards and avoid a balance of payments crisis .
it is therefore to the second alternative — selling goods and services overseas — that countries must look if they are to [remain/keep] and improve their living standards and avoid a balance of payments crisis .

Small wonder , then that British Gas has always recognised the need to maintain close links between industry and schools .
small wonder , then that british gas has always recognised the need to [remain/keep] close links between industry and schools .

being of course , is first of all find your home and while he was n't in a home he was driving the neighbours mad because he 's beginning to get confused and wander about and maintain that he has n't had his dinner when two people have already taken him in lunch , you know and the other problem is erm er er having found him a very nice home , he did n't want to go !
being of course , is first of all find your home and while he was n't in a home he was driving the neighbours mad because he 's beginning to get confused and wander about and [remain/keep] that he has n't had his dinner when two people have already taken him in lunch , you know and the other problem is erm er er having found him a very nice home , he did n't want to go !

for a period of five or ten years and lease it off them and then have to maintain it .
for a period of five or ten years and lease it off them and then have to [remain/keep] it .

It was just too expensive to maintain .
it was just too expensive to [remain/keep] .

In any case , the trem unit has been sunk into the body in such a way as to maintain the low-profiling offered by a non-locking system .
in any case , the trem unit has been sunk into the body in such a way as to [remain/keep] the low-profiling offered by a non-locking system .

The headstock has the single butterfly-type string guide , to maintain a healthy break angle across the nut , which itself is nicely cut , if a mite too high for some tastes .
the headstock has the single butterfly-type string guide , to [remain/keep] a healthy break angle across the nut , which itself is nicely cut , if a mite too high for some tastes .

Do maintain the knee flex and you should find a good top of the backswing position .
do [remain/keep] the knee flex and you should find a good top of the backswing position .

You must maintain some knee flex throughout the swing .
you must [remain/keep] some knee flex throughout the swing .

That 's not an easy task of the wind makes it difficult to maintain that balance .
that 's not an easy task of the wind makes it difficult to [remain/keep] that balance .

Each screw should be adjusted a quarter of a turn at a time , to maintain the correct height relationship and prevent undue force on the V-slots and knife edges .
each screw should be adjusted a quarter of a turn at a time , to [remain/keep] the correct height relationship and prevent undue force on the v-slots and knife edges .

Divide variegated perennials with great care and be on the look out for reversion to maintain a variegated display of interest and contrast to the lush green foliage of summer planting .
divide variegated perennials with great care and be on the look out for reversion to [remain/keep] a variegated display of interest and contrast to the lush green foliage of summer planting .

To maintain strong red bracts , ensure you keep your poinsettia in a well-lit spot .
to [remain/keep] strong red bracts , ensure you keep your poinsettia in a well-lit spot .

We built our first pond this summer . Can you tell us how best to maintain it as winter approaches and how to stop it freezing up
we built our first pond this summer . can you tell us how best to [remain/keep] it as winter approaches and how to stop it freezing up

With a few exceptions , all fish have a swimbladder , the function of which is to allow the fish to float and maintain equilibrium in the water .
with a few exceptions , all fish have a swimbladder , the function of which is to allow the fish to float and [remain/keep] equilibrium in the water .

Most fish we maintain in our aquarium tropical or marine live at a pressure of between one to ten atmospheres — 1 atmosphere = 1 kilo per sq cm here .
most fish we [remain/keep] in our aquarium tropical or marine live at a pressure of between one to ten atmospheres — 1 atmosphere = 1 kilo per sq cm here .

The internal power filter is possibly the best choice for the beginner as it is very easy to maintain ( follow the rules for foam filters above ) and the powerhead on top ensures a good flow of water .
the internal power filter is possibly the best choice for the beginner as it is very easy to [remain/keep] ( follow the rules for foam filters above ) and the powerhead on top ensures a good flow of water .

They will be fine in a temperature range of 72–85°s ; To maintain water quality it is vital to carry out regular water changes .
they will be fine in a temperature range of 72–85°s ; to [remain/keep] water quality it is vital to carry out regular water changes .

They said it was no more difficult to maintain than the Green Sword and had up to 50 babies per brood .
they said it was no more difficult to [remain/keep] than the green sword and had up to 50 babies per brood .

The function of the male is the guard the territory and to keep all intruders away ; meanwhile the female — or females , as males will maintain a harem if given several females — tends the eggs and wrigglers , and is responsible for their immediate safety when they emerge from the cave .
the function of the male is the guard the territory and to keep all intruders away ; meanwhile the female — or females , as males will [remain/keep] a harem if given several females — tends the eggs and wrigglers , and is responsible for their immediate safety when they emerge from the cave .

When you purchase your new filter ensure you have all the necessary filtration media to maintain water quality as required by the fish you keep or intend to keep . If in doubt consult your dealer
when you purchase your new filter ensure you have all the necessary filtration media to [remain/keep] water quality as required by the fish you keep or intend to keep . if in doubt consult your dealer

Rumour has it that The High had all been living separate musical lives — Andy in particular having just split with the Stone Roses — when they met in Manchester 's Hacienda club , and decided to put a new band together … But does n't every band from that area maintain that they met in the Hacienda ?
rumour has it that the high had all been living separate musical lives — andy in particular having just split with the stone roses — when they met in manchester 's hacienda club , and decided to put a new band together … but does n't every band from that area [remain/keep] that they met in the hacienda ?

In this design the low-voltage size is straightforward though certain circuits ( like power amplifiers or heavy duty power supplies ) might need extra design considerations to maintain stability and performance .
in this design the low-voltage size is straightforward though certain circuits ( like power amplifiers or heavy duty power supplies ) might need extra design considerations to [remain/keep] stability and performance .

Without a national society to maintain such a link it is doubtful if amateur radio could survive in today 's cut-throat world of radio communication where a single frequency in commercial terms is estimated to be worth millions of pounds .
without a national society to [remain/keep] such a link it is doubtful if amateur radio could survive in today 's cut-throat world of radio communication where a single frequency in commercial terms is estimated to be worth millions of pounds .

But in a recent Nature article , David Schwartzman of Howard University , and Tyler Volk of New York University , maintain that primitive microbes staved off the greenhouse effect , so helping weathering ( where more carbon gets buried in surface soil ) by stabilizing the soil against erosion .
but in a recent nature article , david schwartzman of howard university , and tyler volk of new york university , [remain/keep] that primitive microbes staved off the greenhouse effect , so helping weathering ( where more carbon gets buried in surface soil ) by stabilizing the soil against erosion .

Lynn Margulis and Dorian Sagan maintain , however , that neither the chemical soup explanation nor the ‘ panspermia ’ theory is necessary .
lynn margulis and dorian sagan [remain/keep] , however , that neither the chemical soup explanation nor the ‘ panspermia ’ theory is necessary .

In one sense , of course , all creatures , ‘ hot ’ and ‘ cold ’ blooded , maintain constant temperatures within a certain bearable range , and this means in turn that they must be able to conduct heat away from their bodies .
in one sense , of course , all creatures , ‘ hot ’ and ‘ cold ’ blooded , [remain/keep] constant temperatures within a certain bearable range , and this means in turn that they must be able to conduct heat away from their bodies .

Rapid flying can soon lead to heat loss by convection , and at night nocturnal insects like moths protect themselves against heat loss with hairs on their thorax which maintain a stable air layer around the body surface .
rapid flying can soon lead to heat loss by convection , and at night nocturnal insects like moths protect themselves against heat loss with hairs on their thorax which [remain/keep] a stable air layer around the body surface .

In fact , it was probably decreasing size in those creatures evolving from the therapsids that spurred the need for mammalian endothermy when the problems of overheating became the reverse — when they needed later to maintain temperatures .
in fact , it was probably decreasing size in those creatures evolving from the therapsids that spurred the need for mammalian endothermy when the problems of overheating became the reverse — when they needed later to [remain/keep] temperatures .

Followers of Gandhi explicitly maintain that he was essentially a practical man with no concern for metaphysics or philosophical speculation , yet it is clear that whenever he attempted to explain what he meant by Truth he was involved in metaphysical speculation whether he or his followers realized it or not .
followers of gandhi explicitly [remain/keep] that he was essentially a practical man with no concern for metaphysics or philosophical speculation , yet it is clear that whenever he attempted to explain what he meant by truth he was involved in metaphysical speculation whether he or his followers realized it or not .

he is able to maintain that the person who participates in war should strive to free both himself and the world from war .
he is able to [remain/keep] that the person who participates in war should strive to free both himself and the world from war .

This led some people to maintain that he had derived the idea of civil disobedience from Thoreau , a fact which Gandhi himself denied.a In due course he substituted the phrase ‘ civil resistance ’ for ‘ civil disobedience ’ on the grounds that it conveyed the notion of non-violence better , but he continued to regard civil disobedience as a branch of satyāgraha .
this led some people to [remain/keep] that he had derived the idea of civil disobedience from thoreau , a fact which gandhi himself denied.a in due course he substituted the phrase ‘ civil resistance ’ for ‘ civil disobedience ’ on the grounds that it conveyed the notion of non-violence better , but he continued to regard civil disobedience as a branch of satyāgraha .

Gandhi regards it as both inhuman and immoral to maintain that the naked , poor , and starving millions are fulfilling their karma , or reaping the consequences of evil deeds sown in previous existences .
gandhi regards it as both inhuman and immoral to [remain/keep] that the naked , poor , and starving millions are fulfilling their karma , or reaping the consequences of evil deeds sown in previous existences .

On the face of it , therefore , it would not seem possible to maintain the view that morality without religion is unthinkable , or like a house built on sand .
on the face of it , therefore , it would not seem possible to [remain/keep] the view that morality without religion is unthinkable , or like a house built on sand .

But in 1938 he could only suggest that the manyattas be brought as far as possible under administrative control and the moran ‘ encouraged in any activities to maintain their manliness such as sports , road work , or their lion-hunting with spears ’ .
but in 1938 he could only suggest that the manyattas be brought as far as possible under administrative control and the moran ‘ encouraged in any activities to [remain/keep] their manliness such as sports , road work , or their lion-hunting with spears ’ .

It is not obvious , in reviewing this system , exactly where the element of indirection came in , except in so far as the Residents were instructed to maintain at all costs the ‘ prestige ’ of the emir .
it is not obvious , in reviewing this system , exactly where the element of indirection came in , except in so far as the residents were instructed to [remain/keep] at all costs the ‘ prestige ’ of the emir .

and on believing that they deserve , and are capable of inspiring , love and lust , but such self-esteem is difficult to achieve and maintain in a sexual void .
and on believing that they deserve , and are capable of inspiring , love and lust , but such self-esteem is difficult to achieve and [remain/keep] in a sexual void .

The Gay News Defence Campaign may not have won the case for the paper , but it helped the community maintain a sense of strength and it led to the setting up of the Gay Activists Alliance .
the gay news defence campaign may not have won the case for the paper , but it helped the community [remain/keep] a sense of strength and it led to the setting up of the gay activists alliance .

Regular use of a small brush , and a squeeze of the foam in tank water will suffice to keep these filters in tip-top working order , and they are perhaps the easiest to maintain .
regular use of a small brush , and a squeeze of the foam in tank water will suffice to keep these filters in tip-top working order , and they are perhaps the easiest to [remain/keep] .

This type of filter can be time-consuming to maintain , but allows you to use a lot of media effectively .
this type of filter can be time-consuming to [remain/keep] , but allows you to use a lot of media effectively .

This is to maintain a constant zero level of ammonia and nitrite ; traces may be acceptable in the freshwater aquariums but they will harm brackish-water fish ( and , of course , quickly kill seawater fish ) .
this is to [remain/keep] a constant zero level of ammonia and nitrite ; traces may be acceptable in the freshwater aquariums but they will harm brackish-water fish ( and , of course , quickly kill seawater fish ) .

In addition to their role as refuse removers , these crustaceans also provide a valuable food source for some fish , particularly Mandarins , which are next to impossible to maintain for long periods in aquaria which are not well stocked with inverts and living rock .
in addition to their role as refuse removers , these crustaceans also provide a valuable food source for some fish , particularly mandarins , which are next to impossible to [remain/keep] for long periods in aquaria which are not well stocked with inverts and living rock .

Test your water with an ammonia test kit every couple of days and change as much water as often as is necessary to maintain safe levels .
test your water with an ammonia test kit every couple of days and change as much water as often as is necessary to [remain/keep] safe levels .

Leave-in conditioners and protective styling sprays will help to maintain a healthy shine and longer-lasting colour results
leave-in conditioners and protective styling sprays will help to [remain/keep] a healthy shine and longer-lasting colour results

Note that the output signals are taken from two stages rather than one , so that one stage can maintain the output while the other collects a new sample from the previous stage .
note that the output signals are taken from two stages rather than one , so that one stage can [remain/keep] the output while the other collects a new sample from the previous stage .

How did you build up this vocabulary and how do you maintain it ?
how did you build up this vocabulary and how do you [remain/keep] it ?

Even if you belong to the getting-away-with-murder group , the time will come when you have to follow the rules precisely in order to maintain a speedy weight loss .
even if you belong to the getting-away-with-murder group , the time will come when you have to follow the rules precisely in order to [remain/keep] a speedy weight loss .

Start on l , 500 calories daily , and work your way gradually down to 1,000 daily in order to maintain a good , encouraging rate of loss .
start on l , 500 calories daily , and work your way gradually down to 1,000 daily in order to [remain/keep] a good , encouraging rate of loss .

Obviously you will have to remove most of them eventually , at about 1″ , but by then you should have at least two more broods coming along behind to maintain the colony .
obviously you will have to remove most of them eventually , at about 1″ , but by then you should have at least two more broods coming along behind to [remain/keep] the colony .

However , unless the pond has a very low stocking level , there will not be enough natural food available to maintain the fish in good condition .
however , unless the pond has a very low stocking level , there will not be enough natural food available to [remain/keep] the fish in good condition .

It might still be a little premature to consign famous old clubs Nottingham and Rosslyn Park to relegation , but both have been well beaten by a resurgent Bristol — whose youthful side have been setting a blistering pace at the Memorial Ground so far this season — and their other results indicate that they face an uphill struggle to maintain their First Division status .
it might still be a little premature to consign famous old clubs nottingham and rosslyn park to relegation , but both have been well beaten by a resurgent bristol — whose youthful side have been setting a blistering pace at the memorial ground so far this season — and their other results indicate that they face an uphill struggle to [remain/keep] their first division status .

Rugby league 's media coverage has reached saturation point while rugby union has always struggled to maintain a constant high profile among both the media and the public .
rugby league 's media coverage has reached saturation point while rugby union has always struggled to [remain/keep] a constant high profile among both the media and the public .

But apart from the number of police rapidly increasing , their technological and quasi-military capacities shamelessly strengthened , their discretionary powers of apprehension , interrogation , detention , and arrest liberally extended , and new prisons built or old ones extensively refurbished ( all with money the government claims the country has not got to maintain existing standards of education , health , unemployment welfare , and social services ) , nothing much justifies the optimism .
but apart from the number of police rapidly increasing , their technological and quasi-military capacities shamelessly strengthened , their discretionary powers of apprehension , interrogation , detention , and arrest liberally extended , and new prisons built or old ones extensively refurbished ( all with money the government claims the country has not got to [remain/keep] existing standards of education , health , unemployment welfare , and social services ) , nothing much justifies the optimism .

It does not maintain that all criminal laws directly express the interests of one particular group , such as the ruling class .
it does not [remain/keep] that all criminal laws directly express the interests of one particular group , such as the ruling class .

Thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working conditions in factories and mines ( Swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain appropriate safety standards ( Erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( Liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( Silverman and Lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( Braithwaite and Geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( Swigert and Farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .
thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to [remain/keep] safe working conditions in factories and mines ( swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to [remain/keep] appropriate safety standards ( erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( silverman and lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( braithwaite and geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( swigert and farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .

He argued that these were : a desire to secure career advancement or at least not prejudice career chances ; a willingness to push matters in order to measure his own cleverness and particularly dexterity at getting around the rules ; to experience the satisfaction which comes from having the power that goes both with high corporate status and criminally victimizing other organizations or persons ; a need to maintain his position within the peer group or family network .
he argued that these were : a desire to secure career advancement or at least not prejudice career chances ; a willingness to push matters in order to measure his own cleverness and particularly dexterity at getting around the rules ; to experience the satisfaction which comes from having the power that goes both with high corporate status and criminally victimizing other organizations or persons ; a need to [remain/keep] his position within the peer group or family network .

The vast bulk of these acts involved insecure or improperly adjusted fencing of dangerous machinery , inadequate precautions against fire and explosion , as well as failure to inspect equipment and maintain healthy work conditions .
the vast bulk of these acts involved insecure or improperly adjusted fencing of dangerous machinery , inadequate precautions against fire and explosion , as well as failure to inspect equipment and [remain/keep] healthy work conditions .

Thus the dilemma of the polluting industry is that controlling pollution is expensive , but adds nothing to the value of the goods produced , and is bad business for any firm whose main concern is to maintain profitability in a competitive situation .
thus the dilemma of the polluting industry is that controlling pollution is expensive , but adds nothing to the value of the goods produced , and is bad business for any firm whose main concern is to [remain/keep] profitability in a competitive situation .

Yet questions have to be asked quite seriously about whether Eubank himself can maintain his work-rate with a tenth world title fight lined up in just 24 months .
yet questions have to be asked quite seriously about whether eubank himself can [remain/keep] his work-rate with a tenth world title fight lined up in just 24 months .

Peacock grabbed two penalties and Liam O'Brien , Franz Carr and Kevin Brock also scored to maintain the Magpies ' 100 per cent League record .
peacock grabbed two penalties and liam o'brien , franz carr and kevin brock also scored to [remain/keep] the magpies ' 100 per cent league record .

And as long as drugs maintain their trendy image , youngsters will keep falling for them .
and as long as drugs [remain/keep] their trendy image , youngsters will keep falling for them .

Maintain an awareness of circumstances which can affect standards of care and act accordingly .
[remain/keep] an awareness of circumstances which can affect standards of care and act accordingly .

Maintain professional confidentiality .
[remain/keep] professional confidentiality .

Paying another nurse while you nurse yourself may sound dotty , but if both you and your relative can maintain a sense of independence and broaden your outlook on life it may be a worthwhile investment .
paying another nurse while you nurse yourself may sound dotty , but if both you and your relative can [remain/keep] a sense of independence and broaden your outlook on life it may be a worthwhile investment .

Maintain the pre-eminent position of British nursing in the world .
[remain/keep] the pre-eminent position of british nursing in the world .

While most of us would acknowledge that some level of stress is required to enable us to function and to be sufficiently motivated , the effects of continued high levels of stress have been shown to have a damaging effect on the ability to maintain our personal sense of purpose , usefulness and well-being .
while most of us would acknowledge that some level of stress is required to enable us to function and to be sufficiently motivated , the effects of continued high levels of stress have been shown to have a damaging effect on the ability to [remain/keep] our personal sense of purpose , usefulness and well-being .

The three partners are to remain in contact to maintain a watching brief and to prepare a document outlining ideas for future management of the property .
the three partners are to remain in contact to [remain/keep] a watching brief and to prepare a document outlining ideas for future management of the property .

Wednesday bid to maintain their unbeaten start to the Premier League .
wednesday bid to [remain/keep] their unbeaten start to the premier league .

The 41-year-old carpenter is claiming £200,000 from the toilet firm , alleging they failed to clean and maintain their equipment on a building site .
the 41-year-old carpenter is claiming £200,000 from the toilet firm , alleging they failed to clean and [remain/keep] their equipment on a building site .

The Yorkshire Dales is establishing a Local Treasures Project to maintain locally important sites and features such as mileposts , boundary stones , monuments , stocks and watertroughs .
the yorkshire dales is establishing a local treasures project to [remain/keep] locally important sites and features such as mileposts , boundary stones , monuments , stocks and watertroughs .

But they have never married and even maintain separate homes on opposite sides of New York 's Central Park .
but they have never married and even [remain/keep] separate homes on opposite sides of new york 's central park .

To maintain at all costs its value against other currencies within the European Community 's exchange rate mechanism .
to [remain/keep] at all costs its value against other currencies within the european community 's exchange rate mechanism .

Anyone who can train a suitable bird can set up a falconry centre , but the birds themselves are expensive to buy and to maintain , so it 's not a hobby to be undertaken lightly .
anyone who can train a suitable bird can set up a falconry centre , but the birds themselves are expensive to buy and to [remain/keep] , so it 's not a hobby to be undertaken lightly .

There was an obvious need to bring operations together to maintain high levels of customer service and cut the proliferation of unnecessary costs which arose from being in five separate sites .
there was an obvious need to bring operations together to [remain/keep] high levels of customer service and cut the proliferation of unnecessary costs which arose from being in five separate sites .

But to maintain its market position as a leading systems and software house , it would need to persuade about 70 per cent of its key employees in the north London locations to relocate with the company .
but to [remain/keep] its market position as a leading systems and software house , it would need to persuade about 70 per cent of its key employees in the north london locations to relocate with the company .

During the late 1970s , the company found that it was becoming increasingly expensive to maintain its head office in London and therefore looked for alternative accommodation elsewhere .
during the late 1970s , the company found that it was becoming increasingly expensive to [remain/keep] its head office in london and therefore looked for alternative accommodation elsewhere .

( Employees must maintain their houses in good condition , make every effort to sell at the best price and receive company authority before accepting an offer . )
( employees must [remain/keep] their houses in good condition , make every effort to sell at the best price and receive company authority before accepting an offer . )

Other reasons may include an organisation 's need to have some of its top employees heading up the management team of foreign subsidiaries , that is , to maintain an international presence , or employees on their way up the career ladder may be posted overseas as part of the management development process .
other reasons may include an organisation 's need to have some of its top employees heading up the management team of foreign subsidiaries , that is , to [remain/keep] an international presence , or employees on their way up the career ladder may be posted overseas as part of the management development process .

In some countries , notably in Latin America , inflation rates are so high that salaries need to double or more each year to maintain their spending power .
in some countries , notably in latin america , inflation rates are so high that salaries need to double or more each year to [remain/keep] their spending power .

This enables them to conduct their business affairs in person , maintain links with the home-based company and remain in touch with family and friends .
this enables them to conduct their business affairs in person , [remain/keep] links with the home-based company and remain in touch with family and friends .

An executive earning , say £15 000 a year in salary may cost the employer as much as £80 000 or more a year to maintain in the overseas location .
an executive earning , say £15 000 a year in salary may cost the employer as much as £80 000 or more a year to [remain/keep] in the overseas location .

In addition to basic salary , bonus , expatriation allowance , location/hardship allowances , cost of living allowances and other allowances and bonuses ( see above ) employers maintain expatriates ' continuity of pension ; pay for insurance and social security contributions in the home/host countries ; and provide medical insurance ( expenses ) , accident insurance ( 24-hour ) and supplementary insurances ( travel ) .
in addition to basic salary , bonus , expatriation allowance , location/hardship allowances , cost of living allowances and other allowances and bonuses ( see above ) employers [remain/keep] expatriates ' continuity of pension ; pay for insurance and social security contributions in the home/host countries ; and provide medical insurance ( expenses ) , accident insurance ( 24-hour ) and supplementary insurances ( travel ) .

Thus the development of the laws of war has consisted of an effort to maintain and affirm certain basic principles , while developing and refining their specific application to the changes in methods of warfare and the continual and horrific increase in humanity 's capacity to destroy itself .
thus the development of the laws of war has consisted of an effort to [remain/keep] and affirm certain basic principles , while developing and refining their specific application to the changes in methods of warfare and the continual and horrific increase in humanity 's capacity to destroy itself .

Certainly the growth of ‘ total war ’ in the twentieth century has drawn populations into the war effort in ways that have made it increasingly difficult to maintain the principle of protection of the civilian population .
certainly the growth of ‘ total war ’ in the twentieth century has drawn populations into the war effort in ways that have made it increasingly difficult to [remain/keep] the principle of protection of the civilian population .

Viewed in this way it is clear why the separation of rules governing the use of means of warfare from those on the initiation of conflict has proved increasingly difficult to maintain .
viewed in this way it is clear why the separation of rules governing the use of means of warfare from those on the initiation of conflict has proved increasingly difficult to [remain/keep] .

Already , Japan and Germany had accepted the obligation never to maintain nuclear forces ( the former under the MacArthur Constitution of 1947 , the latter under the 1954 Protocol to the Western European Union Treaty ) .
already , japan and germany had accepted the obligation never to [remain/keep] nuclear forces ( the former under the macarthur constitution of 1947 , the latter under the 1954 protocol to the western european union treaty ) .

This situation is in turn exacerbated by the internal political pressures on governments , democratic as well as despotic , to maintain a climate of Cold War in order to achieve their domestic objectives .
this situation is in turn exacerbated by the internal political pressures on governments , democratic as well as despotic , to [remain/keep] a climate of cold war in order to achieve their domestic objectives .

Parliament or , more specifically , the House of Commons , has been jealous to maintain exclusive control over its own affairs , as determined by the House itself , and has thus been reluctant to concede to the courts the jurisdiction claimed by them above .
parliament or , more specifically , the house of commons , has been jealous to [remain/keep] exclusive control over its own affairs , as determined by the house itself , and has thus been reluctant to concede to the courts the jurisdiction claimed by them above .

Neither was a dominant dog , but Ollie was an opportunist who used his appeal to maintain certain rights that Melanie , especially , had given him .
neither was a dominant dog , but ollie was an opportunist who used his appeal to [remain/keep] certain rights that melanie , especially , had given him .

He may need to do all this , and to ventilate his fears of a future without her ; but he has probably been told since he was three years old that ‘ boys do n't cry ’ , and that men must always show courage and maintain the stiff upper lip , so he may deny himself the relief of lowering his defences and ‘ letting go ’ which society expects the widow to do quite naturally .
he may need to do all this , and to ventilate his fears of a future without her ; but he has probably been told since he was three years old that ‘ boys do n't cry ’ , and that men must always show courage and [remain/keep] the stiff upper lip , so he may deny himself the relief of lowering his defences and ‘ letting go ’ which society expects the widow to do quite naturally .

Many elderly people have a wide range of interests , maintain them — if only through reading — right on into old age , and still enjoy the cut and thrust of discussion and debate ; but we have to accept the fact that for some , the main topics of conversation will be their own and other people 's health , past reminiscences , and family matters .
many elderly people have a wide range of interests , [remain/keep] them — if only through reading — right on into old age , and still enjoy the cut and thrust of discussion and debate ; but we have to accept the fact that for some , the main topics of conversation will be their own and other people 's health , past reminiscences , and family matters .

Cooking for one can sometimes be a dreary business , and many elderly people on their own do not eat the right types of food to maintain health .
cooking for one can sometimes be a dreary business , and many elderly people on their own do not eat the right types of food to [remain/keep] health .

Unfortunately , most elderly people have to suffer a considerable drop in their income after retirement , and careful planning and budgeting is required to maintain a reasonable standard of living .
unfortunately , most elderly people have to suffer a considerable drop in their income after retirement , and careful planning and budgeting is required to [remain/keep] a reasonable standard of living .

You can become resigned to the monotony of captivity and give up the struggle to maintain your own interests and identity .
you can become resigned to the monotony of captivity and give up the struggle to [remain/keep] your own interests and identity .

In considering ways of keeping emotionally fit enough to continue to give your parent the care she needs , try to maintain and , if necessary , improve the quality of your own life .
in considering ways of keeping emotionally fit enough to continue to give your parent the care she needs , try to [remain/keep] and , if necessary , improve the quality of your own life .

Since 1985 the white grapes of this village have been elevated to grand cru status , but , while its black grapes have increased from 90 % to 95 % échelle , they maintain the rank of premier cru .
since 1985 the white grapes of this village have been elevated to grand cru status , but , while its black grapes have increased from 90 % to 95 % échelle , they [remain/keep] the rank of premier cru .

In addition to this , pruning and training are vital functions in the cultivation of the vine to help maintain the purity of its fruiting stock .
in addition to this , pruning and training are vital functions in the cultivation of the vine to help [remain/keep] the purity of its fruiting stock .

Round the corner of the drive he turned and grinned at Meryl , who had kept her face down , striving to maintain a deadpan expression .
round the corner of the drive he turned and grinned at meryl , who had kept her face down , striving to [remain/keep] a deadpan expression .

What is behind the bishops ' and archdeacons ' reluctance even to consider breaking up the boundaries seems to be a desire to maintain a mixture of middle , high and low churches and not upset the balance .
what is behind the bishops ' and archdeacons ' reluctance even to consider breaking up the boundaries seems to be a desire to [remain/keep] a mixture of middle , high and low churches and not upset the balance .

The Church of England 's authorities need to be careful lest in their desire to maintain ‘ ethos ’ and ‘ style ’ they miss completely the breath of the Holy Spirit 's life as it blows past them .
the church of england 's authorities need to be careful lest in their desire to [remain/keep] ‘ ethos ’ and ‘ style ’ they miss completely the breath of the holy spirit 's life as it blows past them .

Do learn songs in sets ( to maintain the ‘ flow ’ between songs ) that are sung directly to God .
do learn songs in sets ( to [remain/keep] the ‘ flow ’ between songs ) that are sung directly to god .

Use your knowledge in this area to maintain well-being .
use your knowledge in this area to [remain/keep] well-being .

In Buxtehude , the most common measure is to ensure that the crossing cycle lane is conspicuous , as seen in ( Figure 6.17 ) , with the priority to the right rule giving added protection and often ensuring that cyclists can maintain their pace .
in buxtehude , the most common measure is to ensure that the crossing cycle lane is conspicuous , as seen in ( figure 6.17 ) , with the priority to the right rule giving added protection and often ensuring that cyclists can [remain/keep] their pace .

In Britain these surfaces are inspected at least quarterly for projections , cracks and rocking slabs , and the highway authority has a clear duty to maintain these facilities to provide unobstructed and free passage .
in britain these surfaces are inspected at least quarterly for projections , cracks and rocking slabs , and the highway authority has a clear duty to [remain/keep] these facilities to provide unobstructed and free passage .

Quite apart from society 's moral obligation to maintain , as far as possible , an individual 's quality of life through accessibility to necessary functions , there is a public economic interest too .
quite apart from society 's moral obligation to [remain/keep] , as far as possible , an individual 's quality of life through accessibility to necessary functions , there is a public economic interest too .

An alternative suggestion is to maintain the current separation of the first- and second-class sides , but to guarantee a home first-round draw to the minnows .
an alternative suggestion is to [remain/keep] the current separation of the first- and second-class sides , but to guarantee a home first-round draw to the minnows .

Pre-war employment by a Birmingham stockbroker ( George Stephens , a former Warwickshire cricket captain ) allowed Cranmer to maintain his amateur status .
pre-war employment by a birmingham stockbroker ( george stephens , a former warwickshire cricket captain ) allowed cranmer to [remain/keep] his amateur status .

It also provides a consistent surface , which is ideal for use by young players and , perhaps more importantly , cricket can be played where the resources are not available to maintain a grass cricket square .
it also provides a consistent surface , which is ideal for use by young players and , perhaps more importantly , cricket can be played where the resources are not available to [remain/keep] a grass cricket square .

choices are essential to maintain pupil motivation and avoid disaffection ;
choices are essential to [remain/keep] pupil motivation and avoid disaffection ;

She describes the context of the child care service , the preventive services and what happens when they are not enough to maintain children at home .
she describes the context of the child care service , the preventive services and what happens when they are not enough to [remain/keep] children at home .

The Moot is close enough to the mountains to suffer occasional raids by Night Goblins and so the Halflings maintain a vigilant force of border guards and watchmen who double as warriors in time of war .
the moot is close enough to the mountains to suffer occasional raids by night goblins and so the halflings [remain/keep] a vigilant force of border guards and watchmen who double as warriors in time of war .

Some Counts also maintain their own artillery trains and most large cities have cannons to defend their walls .
some counts also [remain/keep] their own artillery trains and most large cities have cannons to defend their walls .

An income elasticity of demand for imports which was higher than the corresponding change in foreign demand for British goods imposed a serious balance of payments constraint because of the requirement to maintain a fixed exchange rate .
an income elasticity of demand for imports which was higher than the corresponding change in foreign demand for british goods imposed a serious balance of payments constraint because of the requirement to [remain/keep] a fixed exchange rate .

Hence in 1964 Paish , an influential government adviser , based policy recommendations on it , in particular the need to maintain a margin of unemployment to keep wage demands in check [ Blackaby , 1978 ; Paish , 1962 ; 1968 ] .
hence in 1964 paish , an influential government adviser , based policy recommendations on it , in particular the need to [remain/keep] a margin of unemployment to keep wage demands in check [ blackaby , 1978 ; paish , 1962 ; 1968 ] .

The only sense in which the government had an overall strategy was in its continued determination to maintain full employment so far as was consistent with a fixed exchange rate .
the only sense in which the government had an overall strategy was in its continued determination to [remain/keep] full employment so far as was consistent with a fixed exchange rate .

This line of argument is tied in with analysis which stresses the need to regulate the money supply in order to maintain stable prices , as the only sustainable form of growth policy .
this line of argument is tied in with analysis which stresses the need to regulate the money supply in order to [remain/keep] stable prices , as the only sustainable form of growth policy .

Before 1914 workers suffered from employers ' determination and ability ( in a situation of a plentiful labour supply ) to maintain low money wages regardless of the costs in terms of low productivity and slow adaptation to new technological possibilities .
before 1914 workers suffered from employers ' determination and ability ( in a situation of a plentiful labour supply ) to [remain/keep] low money wages regardless of the costs in terms of low productivity and slow adaptation to new technological possibilities .

Even so , there is still a strong case for the regulating authorities to maintain one office whose sole job is to seek out weakness , anticipate encroachments on the standard of safety and to take action before the hazard becomes dangerous .
even so , there is still a strong case for the regulating authorities to [remain/keep] one office whose sole job is to seek out weakness , anticipate encroachments on the standard of safety and to take action before the hazard becomes dangerous .

Their mechanical problems merely require diligent examination , but stress levels are high and because a helicopter 's wing must rotate to maintain lift it is terribly unforgiving of anything less than good design , careful maintenance and skilful piloting .
their mechanical problems merely require diligent examination , but stress levels are high and because a helicopter 's wing must rotate to [remain/keep] lift it is terribly unforgiving of anything less than good design , careful maintenance and skilful piloting .

This investment will increase over the next two years though , Potter said , to maintain growth and ensure that the company remains competitive .
this investment will increase over the next two years though , potter said , to [remain/keep] growth and ensure that the company remains competitive .

It enables users to create and maintain dynamic data models that are defined and manipulated at the highest level , by category .
it enables users to create and [remain/keep] dynamic data models that are defined and manipulated at the highest level , by category .

That must also be why other major European airlines rely on Iberia to maintain and service their planes .
that must also be why other major european airlines rely on iberia to [remain/keep] and service their planes .

An example of how Apex specially reproduced a gutter system to maintain the character of the existing building by fabricating moulds using original , damaged cast iron gutters to reproduce an exact replica
an example of how apex specially reproduced a gutter system to [remain/keep] the character of the existing building by fabricating moulds using original , damaged cast iron gutters to reproduce an exact replica

Today , Mizuno maintain a Worldwide Advisory Staff — over 200 of the World 's top sportspeople — advise and help Mizuno develop the very best sportswear that technology and experience can make possible .
today , mizuno [remain/keep] a worldwide advisory staff — over 200 of the world 's top sportspeople — advise and help mizuno develop the very best sportswear that technology and experience can make possible .

In an official statement , Mr Marchant said : ‘ Due to the current competitive trading position within our market we are having to cut prices and offer special deals just to maintain our sales at 1992 levels . ’
in an official statement , mr marchant said : ‘ due to the current competitive trading position within our market we are having to cut prices and offer special deals just to [remain/keep] our sales at 1992 levels . ’

’ He did not maintain that there should be a return to the precise conditions of the primitive Church , but rather that the Church of England 's belief and practice were compatible with them .
’ he did not [remain/keep] that there should be a return to the precise conditions of the primitive church , but rather that the church of england 's belief and practice were compatible with them .

Will you help raise funds to maintain this important research by getting yourself sponsored each time you enter an event ?
will you help raise funds to [remain/keep] this important research by getting yourself sponsored each time you enter an event ?

In devising the programme an attempt was made to keep a good geographical spread of activity and to maintain expertise throughout the geological column and on all major rock types .
in devising the programme an attempt was made to keep a good geographical spread of activity and to [remain/keep] expertise throughout the geological column and on all major rock types .

Once more he struggled to maintain a line that did not drift towards leg stump .
once more he struggled to [remain/keep] a line that did not drift towards leg stump .

Those with a clear commitment to serve the whole community opted , at least theoretically , for the latter and in the early eighties a token lesbian was worth her weight in gold as a range of groups struggled to maintain a semblance of political balance .
those with a clear commitment to serve the whole community opted , at least theoretically , for the latter and in the early eighties a token lesbian was worth her weight in gold as a range of groups struggled to [remain/keep] a semblance of political balance .

But services still suffer , and many capital projects — including an urgently-needed day centre — never get started because the council can not afford to maintain them .
but services still suffer , and many capital projects — including an urgently-needed day centre — never get started because the council can not afford to [remain/keep] them .

He is delighted and yesterday said : ‘ This is extremely good news because it is imperative that the cathedral has the ability to maintain its justifiably high standard of music , and a new organ is badly needed as the existing one is now beyond repair . ’
he is delighted and yesterday said : ‘ this is extremely good news because it is imperative that the cathedral has the ability to [remain/keep] its justifiably high standard of music , and a new organ is badly needed as the existing one is now beyond repair . ’

An Anglo-Saxon settlement could draw on a variety of environments to maintain the supply of essential resources .
an anglo-saxon settlement could draw on a variety of environments to [remain/keep] the supply of essential resources .

Gold allowed the easy storage of wealth because of the high ratio of value to bulk , and its being minted by royal and ecclesiastical courts may reflect the need to administer justice , maintain officials and finance commerce , and goes hand-in-hand with the development of written law and taxation ; in the oldest Kentish laws , fines were listed in gold ‘ shillings ’ and in silver .
gold allowed the easy storage of wealth because of the high ratio of value to bulk , and its being minted by royal and ecclesiastical courts may reflect the need to administer justice , [remain/keep] officials and finance commerce , and goes hand-in-hand with the development of written law and taxation ; in the oldest kentish laws , fines were listed in gold ‘ shillings ’ and in silver .

Every model is available in brown or white , and each has a sealed hob , easy to clean surfaces and self-clean oven linings , so it 's easy to maintain their good looks for years .
every model is available in brown or white , and each has a sealed hob , easy to clean surfaces and self-clean oven linings , so it 's easy to [remain/keep] their good looks for years .

When Moffat were designing the revolutionary ‘ Gas Powered Discs ’ hotplate , a prime design criterion was to maintain the controllability that gas cooker owners have come to appreciate .
when moffat were designing the revolutionary ‘ gas powered discs ’ hotplate , a prime design criterion was to [remain/keep] the controllability that gas cooker owners have come to appreciate .

Treatments formulated to maintain your hair 's vital protein/moisture balance , giving condition and control .
treatments formulated to [remain/keep] your hair 's vital protein/moisture balance , giving condition and control .

Restore and maintain youthful appearance with the non-surgical Collagen Programme
restore and [remain/keep] youthful appearance with the non-surgical collagen programme

Young skin contains well formed Collagen fibres , a natural biological material which is vital in helping to maintain the skins youthful appearance .
young skin contains well formed collagen fibres , a natural biological material which is vital in helping to [remain/keep] the skins youthful appearance .

Pond 's moisturisers help maintain and replenish your skin with natural ingredients such as glycerine , which helps prevent moisture loss and attracts extra water from the air .
pond 's moisturisers help [remain/keep] and replenish your skin with natural ingredients such as glycerine , which helps prevent moisture loss and attracts extra water from the air .

Whatever your skin type , Pond 's Creams will help maintain it in peak condition .
whatever your skin type , pond 's creams will help [remain/keep] it in peak condition .

You simply need Garden Secrets , a unique range of authentic , easy to maintain structures that would give your garden an entirely new dimension of colour and beauty .
you simply need garden secrets , a unique range of authentic , easy to [remain/keep] structures that would give your garden an entirely new dimension of colour and beauty .

Regardless of evidence to the contrary , the authorities in the People 's Republic of China maintain that there are no political prisoners in China .
regardless of evidence to the contrary , the authorities in the people 's republic of china [remain/keep] that there are no political prisoners in china .

When a full-sized aircraft is turned , the normal procedure is to apply a combination of rudder and aileron and then to use the elevator to maintain height .
when a full-sized aircraft is turned , the normal procedure is to apply a combination of rudder and aileron and then to use the elevator to [remain/keep] height .

This is known as ‘ translational lift ’ and accounts for the fact that a helicopter requires less power to maintain height in forward flight than it does in the hover ( Fig .
this is known as ‘ translational lift ’ and accounts for the fact that a helicopter requires less power to [remain/keep] height in forward flight than it does in the hover ( fig .

Remember that the primary purpose of the tail rotor is to counteract the torque effect of the main rotor and maintain the fuselage at a constant heading .
remember that the primary purpose of the tail rotor is to counteract the torque effect of the main rotor and [remain/keep] the fuselage at a constant heading .

It will then maintain a constant heading at an angle to the wind .
it will then [remain/keep] a constant heading at an angle to the wind .

If you get it right , the model will maintain constant height , with reducing airspeed and increasingly nose high attitude until it stops .
if you get it right , the model will [remain/keep] constant height , with reducing airspeed and increasingly nose high attitude until it stops .

Fig. 5.14 Steep turn into wind to maintain speed .
fig. 5.14 steep turn into wind to [remain/keep] speed .

The model is now flying at the maximum speed of which it is capable and is in a situation where all power above that required to maintain height goes into making the model move forwards .
the model is now flying at the maximum speed of which it is capable and is in a situation where all power above that required to [remain/keep] height goes into making the model move forwards .

Not all authorities agree on this point and many experienced flyers maintain that the horizontal stabiliser is unnecessary .
not all authorities agree on this point and many experienced flyers [remain/keep] that the horizontal stabiliser is unnecessary .

Another common trait is for the model to pitch up as speed increases , making it difficult , if not impossible , to maintain a shallow dive as an entry to an aerobatic manoeuvre .
another common trait is for the model to pitch up as speed increases , making it difficult , if not impossible , to [remain/keep] a shallow dive as an entry to an aerobatic manoeuvre .

The long fight of the old Liberal Party , from the thirties to the eighties , to maintain its independence , the various formats of the third party since then , are the affirmation of a belief that there is a distinct position from those of Tories and Labour .
the long fight of the old liberal party , from the thirties to the eighties , to [remain/keep] its independence , the various formats of the third party since then , are the affirmation of a belief that there is a distinct position from those of tories and labour .

Keeping a written record or binge diary ( see case studies ) of what triggers binge-eating can help women disentangle the factors which maintain their eating problems , such as guilt , anger or sadness .
keeping a written record or binge diary ( see case studies ) of what triggers binge-eating can help women disentangle the factors which [remain/keep] their eating problems , such as guilt , anger or sadness .

Brian 's list of positive aspects reflects the value for the patient of being able to maintain and maximise residual ability and is particularly important as a component of a rehabilitative programme .
brian 's list of positive aspects reflects the value for the patient of being able to [remain/keep] and maximise residual ability and is particularly important as a component of a rehabilitative programme .

We can learn how to maintain inner peace , joy and aliveness .
we can learn how to [remain/keep] inner peace , joy and aliveness .

At first , Sally was somewhat bewildered by my suggestion that her body was just trying to confirm her beliefs and that , if she honestly believed her body would maintain its weight , regardless of what she ate , then it would do so .
at first , sally was somewhat bewildered by my suggestion that her body was just trying to confirm her beliefs and that , if she honestly believed her body would [remain/keep] its weight , regardless of what she ate , then it would do so .

Third , if the crude mechanism of totting up the votes for different parties is to be employed for the purpose of supporting a specific contention , there is the inconvenient fact that 79 per cent of those who voted in Scotland backed parties that wish to maintain the Union .
third , if the crude mechanism of totting up the votes for different parties is to be employed for the purpose of supporting a specific contention , there is the inconvenient fact that 79 per cent of those who voted in scotland backed parties that wish to [remain/keep] the union .

Newham council has managed to maintain a consensus that equal opportunities override the claims of minority religious leaders , despite pressures from religious lobbies .
newham council has managed to [remain/keep] a consensus that equal opportunities override the claims of minority religious leaders , despite pressures from religious lobbies .

Jazz shares many themes with its predecessor , the Pulitzer Prize-winning Beloved : the conflict between the interests of the community and the individual 's attempts to create and maintain a separate self ; the importance of communal responsibility .
jazz shares many themes with its predecessor , the pulitzer prize-winning beloved : the conflict between the interests of the community and the individual 's attempts to create and [remain/keep] a separate self ; the importance of communal responsibility .

Most writers who have this latter perspective have been concerned , quite naturally , with ways in which unions can maintain the integrity of the occupations they represent , protect jobs , and reap some financial benefit .
most writers who have this latter perspective have been concerned , quite naturally , with ways in which unions can [remain/keep] the integrity of the occupations they represent , protect jobs , and reap some financial benefit .

In their view the economy has the capacity to adjust to technological changes and maintain full employment , though some government action may be needed in order to aid the adjustment process .
in their view the economy has the capacity to adjust to technological changes and [remain/keep] full employment , though some government action may be needed in order to aid the adjustment process .

The other is that so many jobs are likely to need a great deal of capital equipment behind them that there will be a shortage of capital equipment and jobs will therefore not be created quickly enough to maintain full employment .
the other is that so many jobs are likely to need a great deal of capital equipment behind them that there will be a shortage of capital equipment and jobs will therefore not be created quickly enough to [remain/keep] full employment .

An important question for those with this Marxist perspective relates to the circumstances in which capital can maintain this ideology and prevent the raising of consciousness of labour as to its own class position .
an important question for those with this marxist perspective relates to the circumstances in which capital can [remain/keep] this ideology and prevent the raising of consciousness of labour as to its own class position .

Marglin argues that the organisation of work within factories was influenced by a further set of social factors — the need for the factory owners to maintain a monopoly over the knowledge needed to run the enterprise .
marglin argues that the organisation of work within factories was influenced by a further set of social factors — the need for the factory owners to [remain/keep] a monopoly over the knowledge needed to run the enterprise .

He argues that management has developed a range of responses and has attempted to maintain control through the use of industrial relations procedures , through bureaucratic rules which channel conflict into manageable and acceptable ways , and especially through the use of internal labour markets and dual labour markets which divide and segment the working class .
he argues that management has developed a range of responses and has attempted to [remain/keep] control through the use of industrial relations procedures , through bureaucratic rules which channel conflict into manageable and acceptable ways , and especially through the use of internal labour markets and dual labour markets which divide and segment the working class .

All institutions shall maintain a second shift of substitute teachers in the schools to enforce educational excellence .
all institutions shall [remain/keep] a second shift of substitute teachers in the schools to enforce educational excellence .

So we all know that Benn is black and yet at the same time the Guardian can maintain the implicit position : ‘ Black ?
so we all know that benn is black and yet at the same time the guardian can [remain/keep] the implicit position : ‘ black ?

Instead , two much thinner battens are fitted to steady the lower apron and , being left free at the front or upper ends , they are able to maintain the sail shape while the rear end of the kite flexes in the manner of a soaring bird 's tail feathers .
instead , two much thinner battens are fitted to steady the lower apron and , being left free at the front or upper ends , they are able to [remain/keep] the sail shape while the rear end of the kite flexes in the manner of a soaring bird 's tail feathers .

Conversely , and unlike Kevlar , it has no suicidal self-cutting tendencies and will maintain good control even in Quad-line team mix-ups where 12 or even 16 lines have been known to wrap together through complicated manoeuvres .
conversely , and unlike kevlar , it has no suicidal self-cutting tendencies and will [remain/keep] good control even in quad-line team mix-ups where 12 or even 16 lines have been known to wrap together through complicated manoeuvres .

Pounding his beast with his left fist to try to maintain the momentum , Ramsay sought to head into the press for that Lion Rampant banner .
pounding his beast with his left fist to try to [remain/keep] the momentum , ramsay sought to head into the press for that lion rampant banner .

The television sets on sale required mains electricity , available only in certain parts of Zambia 's towns ; they were also costly to buy and to maintain .
the television sets on sale required mains electricity , available only in certain parts of zambia 's towns ; they were also costly to buy and to [remain/keep] .

News media which claim to be non-partisan attempt to discover the ‘ middle ground ’ and to maintain a balance between the different sides in political arguments .
news media which claim to be non-partisan attempt to discover the ‘ middle ground ’ and to [remain/keep] a balance between the different sides in political arguments .

Whereas most theories of the state view it as providing certain services which promote the welfare of the society , they see it as an instrument of repression which is used by the ruling class to maintain the status quo .
whereas most theories of the state view it as providing certain services which promote the welfare of the society , they see it as an instrument of repression which is used by the ruling class to [remain/keep] the status quo .

These parties claim that they are different from traditional Marxist — Leninist parties in three major respects : they are critical of certain aspects of the Soviet Union ; they are independent of Moscow so that if they were to win an election and form a government they would not be Soviet puppets ; and they claim that it is possible to implement communism and maintain traditional democratic institutions .
these parties claim that they are different from traditional marxist — leninist parties in three major respects : they are critical of certain aspects of the soviet union ; they are independent of moscow so that if they were to win an election and form a government they would not be soviet puppets ; and they claim that it is possible to implement communism and [remain/keep] traditional democratic institutions .

Some writers maintain that debt collection through the courts is quite straightforward , and suitable for a litigant in person , but this writer feels that the case for taking advice and instructing a solicitor to conduct the debt action is very strong .
some writers [remain/keep] that debt collection through the courts is quite straightforward , and suitable for a litigant in person , but this writer feels that the case for taking advice and instructing a solicitor to conduct the debt action is very strong .

Substitute vehicles available enabling you to maintain a consistently high standard of delivery service to your customers .
substitute vehicles available enabling you to [remain/keep] a consistently high standard of delivery service to your customers .

If you have a low need to get what you want and a low need to maintain a relationship with the person involved , you can legitimately use avoidance tactics .
if you have a low need to get what you want and a low need to [remain/keep] a relationship with the person involved , you can legitimately use avoidance tactics .

If you have a high need to maintain the relationship and a low need to get what you want , you may decide the most appropriate strategy is smoothing , i.e. you agree with what is being said so as not to cause trouble . Excellent examples of this have been related to me mainly about mothers-in-law and other relatives ! Can you think of any of your
if you have a high need to [remain/keep] the relationship and a low need to get what you want , you may decide the most appropriate strategy is smoothing , i.e. you agree with what is being said so as not to cause trouble . excellent examples of this have been related to me mainly about mothers-in-law and other relatives ! can you think of any of your

If you have a high need to get what you want and a low need to maintain a relationship you can legitimately use forcing tactics .
if you have a high need to get what you want and a low need to [remain/keep] a relationship you can legitimately use forcing tactics .

If you have a high need to get what you want and a high need to maintain a relationship , then assertiveness is your only avenue .
if you have a high need to get what you want and a high need to [remain/keep] a relationship , then assertiveness is your only avenue .

However , you must realize that here you are getting into the area of ‘ forcing ’ , and that your need to get what you want should be stronger than your need to maintain the relationship with the person .
however , you must realize that here you are getting into the area of ‘ forcing ’ , and that your need to get what you want should be stronger than your need to [remain/keep] the relationship with the person .

Look at the person — maintain contact with the eyes for as long as is comfortable , look away to the mouth when it becomes uncomfortable , then return to the eyes .
look at the person — [remain/keep] contact with the eyes for as long as is comfortable , look away to the mouth when it becomes uncomfortable , then return to the eyes .

The chantry system was not introduced into the Anglican Communion until 1873 when three laymen of the parish of St James , Hatcham , formed the Guild of All Souls , whose objective was to maintain intercessory prayers for the dying and the repose of the souls of its deceased members and all the faithful departed .
the chantry system was not introduced into the anglican communion until 1873 when three laymen of the parish of st james , hatcham , formed the guild of all souls , whose objective was to [remain/keep] intercessory prayers for the dying and the repose of the souls of its deceased members and all the faithful departed .

Are we , therefore , to understand that the trade preferred to maintain a low-profile presence on the high street , in much the same way as it does now ?
are we , therefore , to understand that the trade preferred to [remain/keep] a low-profile presence on the high street , in much the same way as it does now ?

Since an average-sized woman would be eating 2,000–2,300 calories a day to maintain her normal weight , the reduction should result in a loss of about 2lb a week .
since an average-sized woman would be eating 2,000–2,300 calories a day to [remain/keep] her normal weight , the reduction should result in a loss of about 2lb a week .

Bone-strengthening exercises like running , aerobics , skiing , swimming , brisk walking and dancing all help to maintain bone mass .
bone-strengthening exercises like running , aerobics , skiing , swimming , brisk walking and dancing all help to [remain/keep] bone mass .

As far as they are concerned it 's a great deal cheaper than trying to maintain individual properties .
as far as they are concerned it 's a great deal cheaper than trying to [remain/keep] individual properties .

It is the Company 's policy to maintain properties comprising its licensed estate in such condition that their value to the business of the estate as a whole is not affected by the passage of time .
it is the company 's policy to [remain/keep] properties comprising its licensed estate in such condition that their value to the business of the estate as a whole is not affected by the passage of time .

Neneh now aims to maintain ‘ a basic ragga approach to life — putting your fingers up to a lot of institutions and just going , ‘ This is what we wan na do — fuck you ’
neneh now aims to [remain/keep] ‘ a basic ragga approach to life — putting your fingers up to a lot of institutions and just going , ‘ this is what we wan na do — fuck you ’

’ They now aim to maintain ‘ a basic ragga approach to life — putting your fingers up to a lot of institutions and just going , ‘ This is what we wan na do — fuck you .
’ they now aim to [remain/keep] ‘ a basic ragga approach to life — putting your fingers up to a lot of institutions and just going , ‘ this is what we wan na do — fuck you .

’ For the same reason , they maintain a united front of grim asceticism , never smiling in photos , the friendless lonely Londoners .
’ for the same reason , they [remain/keep] a united front of grim asceticism , never smiling in photos , the friendless lonely londoners .

Vary your cycle from time to time to maintain impact .
vary your cycle from time to time to [remain/keep] impact .

If they are accurate , the new Foxbats can not only evade our missiles , they can attain the very top level of the stratosphere , and maintain a speed which is only marginally sub-orbital .
if they are accurate , the new foxbats can not only evade our missiles , they can attain the very top level of the stratosphere , and [remain/keep] a speed which is only marginally sub-orbital .

Public pressure was against them , and they often fought a bitter battle to maintain the kind of home life in which they believed .
public pressure was against them , and they often fought a bitter battle to [remain/keep] the kind of home life in which they believed .

Every Sunday afternoon she meticulously visited either her mother or her mother-in-law , these indications of filial affection being indispensable to anyone of her aspirations , with a public image to maintain .
every sunday afternoon she meticulously visited either her mother or her mother-in-law , these indications of filial affection being indispensable to anyone of her aspirations , with a public image to [remain/keep] .

He had taken this attitude himself , but was finding it very uncomfortable to maintain , after his long years of quiet in the bush , untroubled by anything worse than wind or weather .
he had taken this attitude himself , but was finding it very uncomfortable to [remain/keep] , after his long years of quiet in the bush , untroubled by anything worse than wind or weather .

Another major player , Microsoft Corp , so far with only a tippy-toe in the open systems waters , needs to control the definition and evolution of computing to maintain its momentum , Wendler says .
another major player , microsoft corp , so far with only a tippy-toe in the open systems waters , needs to control the definition and evolution of computing to [remain/keep] its momentum , wendler says .

Some were actually poised on the threshold of gentility , a state they could well afford to maintain , and to which they very frequently attained through the acquisition of real wealth .
some were actually poised on the threshold of gentility , a state they could well afford to [remain/keep] , and to which they very frequently attained through the acquisition of real wealth .

Unless some merchants had withdrawn to the country , while continuing to manage their businesses there must have been significant investment in urban industry and commerce by the agricultural sector to maintain the balance between town and country in West Sussex .
unless some merchants had withdrawn to the country , while continuing to manage their businesses there must have been significant investment in urban industry and commerce by the agricultural sector to [remain/keep] the balance between town and country in west sussex .

Then during the period 1410 — 50 the falling price of tin had necessitated increases in the number of work days and productivity to maintain the level of earnings , and more and more men , finding tinning an unrewarding way of satisfying their expectations , had turned to occupations such as cloth making and fishing .
then during the period 1410 — 50 the falling price of tin had necessitated increases in the number of work days and productivity to [remain/keep] the level of earnings , and more and more men , finding tinning an unrewarding way of satisfying their expectations , had turned to occupations such as cloth making and fishing .

: clearly its income of 20 marks only just sufficed to maintain the twelve poor inmates : Warden Gunby was no Septimus Harding .
: clearly its income of 20 marks only just sufficed to [remain/keep] the twelve poor inmates : warden gunby was no septimus harding .

However Althusser found it difficult to maintain a Marxist theory of history while avoiding its customary Hegelian form .
however althusser found it difficult to [remain/keep] a marxist theory of history while avoiding its customary hegelian form .

Although Next Computer Inc has stumbled , Data General Corp , which last year signed to resell Next boxes , will maintain a relationship with Steve Jobs ' firm — it says it was always more interested in the NextStep software anyway , and will market the environment on its OEMed 80486 personal computers once it becomes available .
although next computer inc has stumbled , data general corp , which last year signed to resell next boxes , will [remain/keep] a relationship with steve jobs ' firm — it says it was always more interested in the nextstep software anyway , and will market the environment on its oemed 80486 personal computers once it becomes available .

Their tactics were to be to maintain a tight-lipped silence punctuated by claims that the new job was harder .
their tactics were to be to [remain/keep] a tight-lipped silence punctuated by claims that the new job was harder .

Voluntary contributions to the ‘ poor boxes ’ in the parish churches proved less and less adequate to maintain those in need , and from time to time a tax , or rate , was levied on all the property in the parish ; the proceeds were then used by the churchwardens and by ‘ overseers of the poor ’ to support the old , the sick and orphans , to provide work for the able-bodied poor , and accommodation for the homeless .
voluntary contributions to the ‘ poor boxes ’ in the parish churches proved less and less adequate to [remain/keep] those in need , and from time to time a tax , or rate , was levied on all the property in the parish ; the proceeds were then used by the churchwardens and by ‘ overseers of the poor ’ to support the old , the sick and orphans , to provide work for the able-bodied poor , and accommodation for the homeless .

Other Orcs are completely puzzled by this , but the Savage Orcs maintain it is their undivided attention to the tried and tested Orc way of life and the veneration of their ancient gods .
other orcs are completely puzzled by this , but the savage orcs [remain/keep] it is their undivided attention to the tried and tested orc way of life and the veneration of their ancient gods .

More than 20 years ago , the Plowden Report ( 1967 ) drew attention to such staff and made recommendations regarding their recruitment and career structure , numbers , role , and training requirements , emphasising , in particular , that , ‘ ancillary help should be used not simply to maintain , but to raise educational standards ’ .
more than 20 years ago , the plowden report ( 1967 ) drew attention to such staff and made recommendations regarding their recruitment and career structure , numbers , role , and training requirements , emphasising , in particular , that , ‘ ancillary help should be used not simply to [remain/keep] , but to raise educational standards ’ .

But these uncertainties maintain subjective , ‘ feminine ’ elements alongside the methods ' hard objectivity .
but these uncertainties [remain/keep] subjective , ‘ feminine ’ elements alongside the methods ' hard objectivity .

Lott quotes Grady : ‘ An awareness of the different social and economic conditions for women and men can not be left to sociologists if psychology is to maintain its integrity as a science ’ ( 1985 : 160 ) .
lott quotes grady : ‘ an awareness of the different social and economic conditions for women and men can not be left to sociologists if psychology is to [remain/keep] its integrity as a science ’ ( 1985 : 160 ) .

These commonalities leaf woman-centred psychology , like egalitarian feminist psychology , to maintain some connections with the mainstream discipline ; to produce criticisms of traditional psychology which resemble those of egalitarian feminism ; and to co-exist with egalitarian feminist psychology , much more frequently than woman-centred and egalitarian approaches co-exist within feminism as a whole .
these commonalities leaf woman-centred psychology , like egalitarian feminist psychology , to [remain/keep] some connections with the mainstream discipline ; to produce criticisms of traditional psychology which resemble those of egalitarian feminism ; and to co-exist with egalitarian feminist psychology , much more frequently than woman-centred and egalitarian approaches co-exist within feminism as a whole .

But in the end they maintain the conventional strong association between body and self-image .
but in the end they [remain/keep] the conventional strong association between body and self-image .

This structure often requires a deliberate effort to maintain .
this structure often requires a deliberate effort to [remain/keep] .

What they do maintain is that a vividly told story can make an important contribution to our knowledge of how and why strikes occur .
what they do [remain/keep] is that a vividly told story can make an important contribution to our knowledge of how and why strikes occur .

Sociologists influenced by a more Marxist approach accept the importance of this work , but maintain that it does not go far enough .
sociologists influenced by a more marxist approach accept the importance of this work , but [remain/keep] that it does not go far enough .

The kingship is not hereditary and the King and Queen maintain separate courts .
the kingship is not hereditary and the king and queen [remain/keep] separate courts .

The Horsemasters maintain constant cavalry patrols across their lands to warn of any incursion .
the horsemasters [remain/keep] constant cavalry patrols across their lands to warn of any incursion .

The Elves of Ulthuan maintain fortresses and watchtowers in these desolate lands to warn them against invaders .
the elves of ulthuan [remain/keep] fortresses and watchtowers in these desolate lands to warn them against invaders .

The mass media are thus integrated into an already structured and unequal society and , more importantly , those systemic inequalities are not self-sustaining but require agencies such as the mass media , the education system , and the Church to maintain and reproduce them .
the mass media are thus integrated into an already structured and unequal society and , more importantly , those systemic inequalities are not self-sustaining but require agencies such as the mass media , the education system , and the church to [remain/keep] and reproduce them .

Each Authority has a duty to provide its respective radio and television services as public services for the dissemination of information , education and entertainment , and to ensure that its programmes maintain a high general standard , in particular as respects their quality and content , and a proper balance and wide range of subject matter … .
each authority has a duty to provide its respective radio and television services as public services for the dissemination of information , education and entertainment , and to ensure that its programmes [remain/keep] a high general standard , in particular as respects their quality and content , and a proper balance and wide range of subject matter … .

Finally , and this returns us to Kumar 's statements , it is unlikely that with the elimination of the scarcity of resources — and this made cultural direction incredibly simple — and the internationalization of media productions a nation can ever maintain its defensive walls unbreached .
finally , and this returns us to kumar 's statements , it is unlikely that with the elimination of the scarcity of resources — and this made cultural direction incredibly simple — and the internationalization of media productions a nation can ever [remain/keep] its defensive walls unbreached .

You may also have paid Class 3 voluntary contributions at some point in your life in order to maintain your contributions record .
you may also have paid class 3 voluntary contributions at some point in your life in order to [remain/keep] your contributions record .

They emerged as the early leaders of the still embryonic search industry , but were not to maintain this dominance for very long .
they emerged as the early leaders of the still embryonic search industry , but were not to [remain/keep] this dominance for very long .

Unlike the large international headhunting firms , Young never sought to develop as much business as possible , preferring to maintain tight control of a specialist practice which also offered a form of management consultant-type counselling .
unlike the large international headhunting firms , young never sought to develop as much business as possible , preferring to [remain/keep] tight control of a specialist practice which also offered a form of management consultant-type counselling .

Writing in The Executive Grapevine , he sees natural competition between search firms as enough to foster and maintain their quality , and considers that the last few years have witnessed a weeding-out of the less professional outfits resulting in fewer and better consultants .
writing in the executive grapevine , he sees natural competition between search firms as enough to foster and [remain/keep] their quality , and considers that the last few years have witnessed a weeding-out of the less professional outfits resulting in fewer and better consultants .

Yet many qualified that statement : Peter Samuel welcomed the way that headhunters could put all their resources into one search at a time and avoid Kingfisher having to maintain expensive overhead staff unnecessarily .
yet many qualified that statement : peter samuel welcomed the way that headhunters could put all their resources into one search at a time and avoid kingfisher having to [remain/keep] expensive overhead staff unnecessarily .

Are the salary levels of those recruited by headhunters likely to go up or come down ? To what extent are headhunting firms moving into lower-level recruiting in order to maintain their own momentum of growth , and how is this being incorporated with their higher-level work ? Alternatively , are they likely to concentrate even more on the top end of the market , because their fees will rise pro rata with salaries and thus increase their fee income ? These and connected questions will be addressed in Chapter 7 .
are the salary levels of those recruited by headhunters likely to go up or come down ? to what extent are headhunting firms moving into lower-level recruiting in order to [remain/keep] their own momentum of growth , and how is this being incorporated with their higher-level work ? alternatively , are they likely to concentrate even more on the top end of the market , because their fees will rise pro rata with salaries and thus increase their fee income ? these and connected questions will be addressed in chapter 7 .

The Big Bang has certainly encouraged the trend towards offering Golden Handcuffs — to maintain the Golden Hellos — and the insertion of exclusion clauses in contracts to prevent executives going over to the competition .
the big bang has certainly encouraged the trend towards offering golden handcuffs — to [remain/keep] the golden hellos — and the insertion of exclusion clauses in contracts to prevent executives going over to the competition .

We can only maintain a healthy scepticism of any claims to place public welfare above private interest .
we can only [remain/keep] a healthy scepticism of any claims to place public welfare above private interest .

Neither Weiskrantz nor Dean argues that the whole brain is organized in modules , but they do maintain that there is sufficient evidence for modularity in enough systems for it to form a useful working hypothesis .
neither weiskrantz nor dean argues that the whole brain is organized in modules , but they do [remain/keep] that there is sufficient evidence for modularity in enough systems for it to form a useful working hypothesis .

Three principalities , Serbia , Montenegro and Rumania , obtained their formal independence at the Congress of Berlin , where each was bound to maintain certain constitutional safeguards .
three principalities , serbia , montenegro and rumania , obtained their formal independence at the congress of berlin , where each was bound to [remain/keep] certain constitutional safeguards .

But even the French navy had to divide itself between the Mediterranean and the Atlantic coasts and the Russians had to maintain a small separate fleet in the Black Sea .
but even the french navy had to divide itself between the mediterranean and the atlantic coasts and the russians had to [remain/keep] a small separate fleet in the black sea .

Whether a man of his temperament , faced by the threat of French recovery , could maintain peace indefinitely was another matter .
whether a man of his temperament , faced by the threat of french recovery , could [remain/keep] peace indefinitely was another matter .

Bismarck wanted Germany to maintain the conservative alliance with Vienna and St Petersburg whose roots went back to 1815 .
bismarck wanted germany to [remain/keep] the conservative alliance with vienna and st petersburg whose roots went back to 1815 .

The Turks cautiously did nothing except invite the powers to maintain the Berlin settlement .
the turks cautiously did nothing except invite the powers to [remain/keep] the berlin settlement .

The commitment to maintain or increase expenditure on arms , agriculture and energy has drained investment from the manufacturing base on which all of these priorities depend .
the commitment to [remain/keep] or increase expenditure on arms , agriculture and energy has drained investment from the manufacturing base on which all of these priorities depend .

The first is that it maintain a monopoly of economic power .
the first is that it [remain/keep] a monopoly of economic power .

Ironically , the autarkic model foisted by Stalin on his charges in the 1940s to maintain their isolation from one another and their dependency upon him had , by the 1960s , become something of a rallying point for regimes who in no other sphere enjoyed any tangible measure of independence .
ironically , the autarkic model foisted by stalin on his charges in the 1940s to [remain/keep] their isolation from one another and their dependency upon him had , by the 1960s , become something of a rallying point for regimes who in no other sphere enjoyed any tangible measure of independence .

Eastern Europe must try to maintain satisfactory levels of exports to the West in order to service its debt obligations there and satisfy domestic needs at a time when it is being pressed to greatly increase exports of manufactures to the Soviet Union to pay for increasingly costly imports .
eastern europe must try to [remain/keep] satisfactory levels of exports to the west in order to service its debt obligations there and satisfy domestic needs at a time when it is being pressed to greatly increase exports of manufactures to the soviet union to pay for increasingly costly imports .

Even when the military balance is in her favour , the Soviet Union will maintain a healthy regard for the political stakes in East-West rivalry , as well as its social undercurrents ; she will be aware that the ability to act effectively depends not only upon military trumps , but the psychological and moral intangibles of world politics .
even when the military balance is in her favour , the soviet union will [remain/keep] a healthy regard for the political stakes in east-west rivalry , as well as its social undercurrents ; she will be aware that the ability to act effectively depends not only upon military trumps , but the psychological and moral intangibles of world politics .

Apple Computer Inc and Novell Inc have successfully completed their project to bring the Macintosh system to mainstream computing , but no decision has yet been made on a commercial follow-up : Novell chief financial officer James Tolonen says the companies wanted to see whether Macintosh System could run atop a different operating system and on a different chip , yet still maintain the user-friendly features of the Apple system .
apple computer inc and novell inc have successfully completed their project to bring the macintosh system to mainstream computing , but no decision has yet been made on a commercial follow-up : novell chief financial officer james tolonen says the companies wanted to see whether macintosh system could run atop a different operating system and on a different chip , yet still [remain/keep] the user-friendly features of the apple system .

Davidson ( 1975 ) would even maintain that this requires that they have mastery of a language ; that it is wrong even to think in terms of quasi-beliefs or proto-beliefs when trying to explain even quite complex behaviour of languageless creatures .
davidson ( 1975 ) would even [remain/keep] that this requires that they have mastery of a language ; that it is wrong even to think in terms of quasi-beliefs or proto-beliefs when trying to explain even quite complex behaviour of languageless creatures .

However , in order to maintain the advantage gained by thinking in terms of practices rather than individuals , it is important to guard against the danger of tacitly converting a practice into a ‘ starting-point ’ .
however , in order to [remain/keep] the advantage gained by thinking in terms of practices rather than individuals , it is important to guard against the danger of tacitly converting a practice into a ‘ starting-point ’ .

But this is not only achieved by force , for there are also ‘ ideological state apparatuses ’ , such as the education system , religion and the family , which maintain the status quo in more subtle ways .
but this is not only achieved by force , for there are also ‘ ideological state apparatuses ’ , such as the education system , religion and the family , which [remain/keep] the status quo in more subtle ways .

The capitalist state is thus to be seen as an autonomous set of institutions , able to intervene at all levels in order to maintain the status quo .
the capitalist state is thus to be seen as an autonomous set of institutions , able to intervene at all levels in order to [remain/keep] the status quo .

In the absence of selection , the observed small numbers of seedling recruits would apparently be sufficient to maintain potentially high genet diversity within such a vigorously clonal plant population .
in the absence of selection , the observed small numbers of seedling recruits would apparently be sufficient to [remain/keep] potentially high genet diversity within such a vigorously clonal plant population .

They hoped to maintain radio silence .
they hoped to [remain/keep] radio silence .

Chickens are pecked by their social superiors in order to maintain a rigid status quo within the flock .
chickens are pecked by their social superiors in order to [remain/keep] a rigid status quo within the flock .

On the basis of his behaviour , therefore , we have reason to maintain that Fido believes that bones are related to his desires or preferences in the following way : Bones satisfy certain desires he has and are to be chosen to satisfy those desires . ( Regan 1983 : 59 )
on the basis of his behaviour , therefore , we have reason to [remain/keep] that fido believes that bones are related to his desires or preferences in the following way : bones satisfy certain desires he has and are to be chosen to satisfy those desires . ( regan 1983 : 59 )

It is scarcely possible , in the face of this legislation , to maintain that ‘ rights ’ are a privilege with which none but human beings can be invested ; for if some animals are already included within the pale of protection , why should not more and more be so included in the future ? ( 1922 : 5 )
it is scarcely possible , in the face of this legislation , to [remain/keep] that ‘ rights ’ are a privilege with which none but human beings can be invested ; for if some animals are already included within the pale of protection , why should not more and more be so included in the future ? ( 1922 : 5 )

‘ Voluntary schemes are to be welcomed , but it remains the responsibility of the local Highway Authority to maintain public rights of way .
‘ voluntary schemes are to be welcomed , but it remains the responsibility of the local highway authority to [remain/keep] public rights of way .

In order to maintain this high level of productivity , it is then necessary to pour huge quantities of fertilisers and pest control chemicals onto the soil .
in order to [remain/keep] this high level of productivity , it is then necessary to pour huge quantities of fertilisers and pest control chemicals onto the soil .

Gary 's expert advice , will also ensure that you can maintain your style throughout your wedding day and if required , adapt it for your honeymoon .
gary 's expert advice , will also ensure that you can [remain/keep] your style throughout your wedding day and if required , adapt it for your honeymoon .

The balance between self-control and the realistic expression of emotion is difficult to maintain .
the balance between self-control and the realistic expression of emotion is difficult to [remain/keep] .

Besides that , it 's helping to maintain a high profile for the competition circuit and we depend on that for the continued success of our Crag-U-Like operations .
besides that , it 's helping to [remain/keep] a high profile for the competition circuit and we depend on that for the continued success of our crag-u-like operations .

To enable propliners to maintain their unique niche in the world of air transport , permitting that bottom line to function , the ability to get total support for their powerplants is paramount .
to enable propliners to [remain/keep] their unique niche in the world of air transport , permitting that bottom line to function , the ability to get total support for their powerplants is paramount .

Despite the desire to maintain secrecy , the entire operation was under the scrutiny of local citizens in the area , many of whom stayed for hours to witness the spectacle .
despite the desire to [remain/keep] secrecy , the entire operation was under the scrutiny of local citizens in the area , many of whom stayed for hours to witness the spectacle .

At 7,400 rpm on one engine the aircraft will maintain a speed of approx 330 knots in level flight below 5,000ft .
at 7,400 rpm on one engine the aircraft will [remain/keep] a speed of approx 330 knots in level flight below 5,000ft .

We also maintain close links with the electronic publishing division of a large conglomerate . Its analysis of market trends gave cause , moreover , for general optimism :
we also [remain/keep] close links with the electronic publishing division of a large conglomerate . its analysis of market trends gave cause , moreover , for general optimism :

It requires the professional to maintain an ongoing positive relationship with the parents and so improves communication and parental satisfaction .
it requires the professional to [remain/keep] an ongoing positive relationship with the parents and so improves communication and parental satisfaction .

There are difficulties assessing the child between the age of 2 and 4 years and so a range of different tests is used in an attempt to tap a wide range of the child 's skills and maintain the child 's interest and motivation to co-operate .
there are difficulties assessing the child between the age of 2 and 4 years and so a range of different tests is used in an attempt to tap a wide range of the child 's skills and [remain/keep] the child 's interest and motivation to co-operate .

Bedtime or early morning feeds are often the last to go and the mother may decide just to maintain this one feed until the child loses interest .
bedtime or early morning feeds are often the last to go and the mother may decide just to [remain/keep] this one feed until the child loses interest .

She was an only child of a single , unsupported mother who was trying to maintain them both by working full-time and also having an evening job three nights a week .
she was an only child of a single , unsupported mother who was trying to [remain/keep] them both by working full-time and also having an evening job three nights a week .

Fraught family relationships and a negative mother-child interaction can maintain the problem .
fraught family relationships and a negative mother-child interaction can [remain/keep] the problem .

Trees need moisture in order to maintain their growth , and this is obtained from the surrounding ground through the roots .
trees need moisture in order to [remain/keep] their growth , and this is obtained from the surrounding ground through the roots .

When you tilt the main bed , to add a ribber , you must also tilt your knitting ( by bringing it over the ribber ) to maintain the correct angle .
when you tilt the main bed , to add a ribber , you must also tilt your knitting ( by bringing it over the ribber ) to [remain/keep] the correct angle .

Deng Xiaoping as paramount leader , although officially only carrying out his duties as the Chairman of the Military Affairs Commission , was caught in the middle , trying to maintain a balance between factions in the party which he denied existed .
deng xiaoping as paramount leader , although officially only carrying out his duties as the chairman of the military affairs commission , was caught in the middle , trying to [remain/keep] a balance between factions in the party which he denied existed .

Indirect criticisms were made of the incumbent leadership who were themselves struggling to maintain legitimacy during this period when the reforms had run into difficulties .
indirect criticisms were made of the incumbent leadership who were themselves struggling to [remain/keep] legitimacy during this period when the reforms had run into difficulties .

‘ African students attacked university employees who came to the spot to maintain order ’ , wrote the China Daily .
‘ african students attacked university employees who came to the spot to [remain/keep] order ’ , wrote the china daily .

Antecedents need not be causes of the behaviour but they help to maintain its regularity .
antecedents need not be causes of the behaviour but they help to [remain/keep] its regularity .

Obviously it is necessary to maintain the records during the period of intervention .
obviously it is necessary to [remain/keep] the records during the period of intervention .

Maintain the recording system
[remain/keep] the recording system

Modify or maintain
modify or [remain/keep]

Second , the contingent environmental events which may strengthen or weaken verbal responses are specified and an attempt should be made to identify those contingencies which will operate to maintain the target behaviours in the natural environment once they have been established through systematic teaching .
second , the contingent environmental events which may strengthen or weaken verbal responses are specified and an attempt should be made to identify those contingencies which will operate to [remain/keep] the target behaviours in the natural environment once they have been established through systematic teaching .

The third step is to describe the child 's current level of functioning in terms of verbal behaviour , and to identify the environmental contingencies which serve to maintain that behaviour .
the third step is to describe the child 's current level of functioning in terms of verbal behaviour , and to identify the environmental contingencies which serve to [remain/keep] that behaviour .

Third , pre-verbal procedures for joint understanding enable the adult to maintain a constant check on the child 's verbalisations .
third , pre-verbal procedures for joint understanding enable the adult to [remain/keep] a constant check on the child 's verbalisations .

These days you can find home perms with added conditioners to maintain healthy hair
these days you can find home perms with added conditioners to [remain/keep] healthy hair

Regular trims are essential to maintain one-length bob shapes . Hair by Bain de Terre Spa Therapy
regular trims are essential to [remain/keep] one-length bob shapes . hair by bain de terre spa therapy

To maintain your top-to-toe perfection , you need the right tools .
to [remain/keep] your top-to-toe perfection , you need the right tools .

There should be two heaters — not heaterstats — in this tank , ideally governed by an external thermostat so that if one overheats they are switched off , and if one fails the other will probably maintain a safe heat .
there should be two heaters — not heaterstats — in this tank , ideally governed by an external thermostat so that if one overheats they are switched off , and if one fails the other will probably [remain/keep] a safe heat .

Maintain a routine of regular partial water changes ( eg 25 % per month or 5 % per week ) .
[remain/keep] a routine of regular partial water changes ( eg 25 % per month or 5 % per week ) .

Maintain cleanliness in and around your aquatic system .
[remain/keep] cleanliness in and around your aquatic system .

It is possible to maintain a simple fish-only marine system in an aquarium measuring only 600 × 300 × 300mm ( 24″ × 12 × 12″ ) with a capacity of less than 681 ( 15 gallons ) .
it is possible to [remain/keep] a simple fish-only marine system in an aquarium measuring only 600 × 300 × 300mm ( 24″ × 12 × 12″ ) with a capacity of less than 681 ( 15 gallons ) .

in the end , Graham decided to donate the tank , equipment and fish and maintain it for the hospital free of charge .
in the end , graham decided to donate the tank , equipment and fish and [remain/keep] it for the hospital free of charge .

He used an external filter which he considered to be the best option , as it would be quiet , easy to maintain and would keep the water cleaner .
he used an external filter which he considered to be the best option , as it would be quiet , easy to [remain/keep] and would keep the water cleaner .

Extremely soft water may not contain sufficient calcium to maintain growth of the skeleton while excessively hard water is thought not to favour the best quality of coloration and finnage .
extremely soft water may not contain sufficient calcium to [remain/keep] growth of the skeleton while excessively hard water is thought not to favour the best quality of coloration and finnage .

These will maintain growth but at slower rates than with live food .
these will [remain/keep] growth but at slower rates than with live food .

To build and maintain a semantic net , indexing of paragraphs and semantic net construction go hand-in-hand .
to build and [remain/keep] a semantic net , indexing of paragraphs and semantic net construction go hand-in-hand .

But wo n't workwear always be confined by its own limitations ? Consider the following : ( 1 ) The clothing comes in a fixed number of style and colours ( if you can stretch to calling sludge brown a colour ) , and surely even the most puritanical will lust for something new after a while . ( 2 ) When the clothing lasts far longer than even the best quality jeans , and costs no more , how will the agents maintain a business based on clothes bought near enough once in a lifetime ? ( 3 ) Is anyone stupid enough to want to wear heavy-duty , fur-lined , withstands-bloody-cold-arctic-conditions clothing in the summer ?
but wo n't workwear always be confined by its own limitations ? consider the following : ( 1 ) the clothing comes in a fixed number of style and colours ( if you can stretch to calling sludge brown a colour ) , and surely even the most puritanical will lust for something new after a while . ( 2 ) when the clothing lasts far longer than even the best quality jeans , and costs no more , how will the agents [remain/keep] a business based on clothes bought near enough once in a lifetime ? ( 3 ) is anyone stupid enough to want to wear heavy-duty , fur-lined , withstands-bloody-cold-arctic-conditions clothing in the summer ?

According to Elinor Keenan , women are not considered competent public speakers on the grounds that they do not maintain traditional forms of speech .
according to elinor keenan , women are not considered competent public speakers on the grounds that they do not [remain/keep] traditional forms of speech .

In the face of this kind of thing , it surely becomes impossible to maintain that the workings of gender in English are untouched by sexism .
in the face of this kind of thing , it surely becomes impossible to [remain/keep] that the workings of gender in english are untouched by sexism .

If people were unable to tolerate massive contradictions between what they observe and what they believe , sexism would collapse tomorrow . For instance , how many people have watched a woman carrying a load of shopping and a three year old child , or cleaning up after an incontinent elderly relation , and still been able to maintain that some jobs are too heavy and dirty for women ? How many times have we heard women who themselves are single parents saying that equal pay is wrong because men have families to support ?
if people were unable to tolerate massive contradictions between what they observe and what they believe , sexism would collapse tomorrow . for instance , how many people have watched a woman carrying a load of shopping and a three year old child , or cleaning up after an incontinent elderly relation , and still been able to [remain/keep] that some jobs are too heavy and dirty for women ? how many times have we heard women who themselves are single parents saying that equal pay is wrong because men have families to support ?

Within the social services department liaison may be involved with the home care service , residential and day care establishments , wardens and sheltered housing to help maintain a client at home .
within the social services department liaison may be involved with the home care service , residential and day care establishments , wardens and sheltered housing to help [remain/keep] a client at home .

Where services have been jointly planned it is easier to maintain them .
where services have been jointly planned it is easier to [remain/keep] them .

They have identified that simply putting in more services may not be in itself sufficient to maintain a situation if motivation is lacking .
they have identified that simply putting in more services may not be in itself sufficient to [remain/keep] a situation if motivation is lacking .

Meetings to maintain a family network
meetings to [remain/keep] a family network

Family network meetings to help maintain the web of relationships sustaining a vulnerable elderly client have been used in Social Service practice ( Rawlings , 1988 ) .
family network meetings to help [remain/keep] the web of relationships sustaining a vulnerable elderly client have been used in social service practice ( rawlings , 1988 ) .

Up to now the emphasis in this book has been on demonstrating ways in which social workers can help maintain a vulnerable elderly person in the community , by working with the client and family network .
up to now the emphasis in this book has been on demonstrating ways in which social workers can help [remain/keep] a vulnerable elderly person in the community , by working with the client and family network .

This work is emotionally costly , as it is often painful to watch the struggle to maintain independence and a sense of self-worth .
this work is emotionally costly , as it is often painful to watch the struggle to [remain/keep] independence and a sense of self-worth .

Prince Philip blamed her for bringing shame and ridicule on the Royal Family and ordered her to ‘ help maintain the dignity of the Crown ’ .
prince philip blamed her for bringing shame and ridicule on the royal family and ordered her to ‘ help [remain/keep] the dignity of the crown ’ .

Although he has been bitterly hurt by the allegations , 52-year-old Brigadier Parker Bowles has struggled to maintain life as normal .
although he has been bitterly hurt by the allegations , 52-year-old brigadier parker bowles has struggled to [remain/keep] life as normal .

This occurs when a firm continually has to ‘ look over its shoulder ’ and concentrate on short-term performance targets in order to try and maintain its share price , rather than planning for the future .
this occurs when a firm continually has to ‘ look over its shoulder ’ and concentrate on short-term performance targets in order to try and [remain/keep] its share price , rather than planning for the future .

Diversification may at the time appear to be the only way that the company can maintain its profits growth and defend the value of its shares .
diversification may at the time appear to be the only way that the company can [remain/keep] its profits growth and defend the value of its shares .

In addition traditional views on the need to maintain competition within an economy have been influenced not only by the existence of large foreign companies , but also by the increasing globalisation of world trade and the completion of the Single European Market by 1992 .
in addition traditional views on the need to [remain/keep] competition within an economy have been influenced not only by the existence of large foreign companies , but also by the increasing globalisation of world trade and the completion of the single european market by 1992 .

This has been shown by its programme of privatising nationalised industries and by its desire to maintain a firm control on public expenditure .
this has been shown by its programme of privatising nationalised industries and by its desire to [remain/keep] a firm control on public expenditure .

Hence an increase of 7 per cent would have been required to maintain the real level of spending .
hence an increase of 7 per cent would have been required to [remain/keep] the real level of spending .

Local people though , still maintain that every year on the anniversary of the accident , a ghost train crosses the bridge from the Edinburgh side .
local people though , still [remain/keep] that every year on the anniversary of the accident , a ghost train crosses the bridge from the edinburgh side .

The house had become far too large and expensive to maintain for Aunt Lou and so it had been altered , the top half being made into a separate flat on the first floor and a studio apartment created in the former attics .
the house had become far too large and expensive to [remain/keep] for aunt lou and so it had been altered , the top half being made into a separate flat on the first floor and a studio apartment created in the former attics .

Once this was in the open there was less reason to maintain such extreme secrecy about the fusion research programmes and some relaxation occurred .
once this was in the open there was less reason to [remain/keep] such extreme secrecy about the fusion research programmes and some relaxation occurred .

Quantum theory implies that it would have to move 207 times closer to the central proton to maintain the stability of the atom .
quantum theory implies that it would have to move 207 times closer to the central proton to [remain/keep] the stability of the atom .

But Alex Ferguson , secretly plotting to solve United 's goalscoring crisis , is getting desperate and will not give up easily , even though Wednesday maintain they will not sell their prize asset .
but alex ferguson , secretly plotting to solve united 's goalscoring crisis , is getting desperate and will not give up easily , even though wednesday [remain/keep] they will not sell their prize asset .

Instead Taylor and his players must wait for 10 weeks to build on the foundations laid against the Turks — but , in an attempt to maintain some continuity , Taylor is planning an unscheduled pre-Christmas get-together .
instead taylor and his players must wait for 10 weeks to build on the foundations laid against the turks — but , in an attempt to [remain/keep] some continuity , taylor is planning an unscheduled pre-christmas get-together .

Later , when distance made such bonds unrealistic in everyday terms , the nuclear family became isolated , friendless , and therefore all the more determined to maintain the former sustaining links by whatever means were available .
later , when distance made such bonds unrealistic in everyday terms , the nuclear family became isolated , friendless , and therefore all the more determined to [remain/keep] the former sustaining links by whatever means were available .

The Eleven-plus , like all crises , threatened the pattern of family relationships , and all the family could do in order to maintain equilibrium was to ensure that each member remain entrenched in or return to his or her habitual role .
the eleven-plus , like all crises , threatened the pattern of family relationships , and all the family could do in order to [remain/keep] equilibrium was to ensure that each member remain entrenched in or return to his or her habitual role .

When that aim has been reached , the slimmer will abandon or moderate her strict dietary habits and try to maintain what she considers to be her ideal body weight .
when that aim has been reached , the slimmer will abandon or moderate her strict dietary habits and try to [remain/keep] what she considers to be her ideal body weight .

Because it is both difficult and painful to maintain one 's stomach in a state of emptiness , we can not doubt that there are powerful psychic motivations for sustaining such an activity , which is not only abnormal , but directly contrary to both physiological and social pressures .
because it is both difficult and painful to [remain/keep] one 's stomach in a state of emptiness , we can not doubt that there are powerful psychic motivations for sustaining such an activity , which is not only abnormal , but directly contrary to both physiological and social pressures .

One friend who was told of the contents of the letter reveals : ‘ He told her in no uncertain terms that she had to help maintain the dignity of the Crown and consider the repercussions of her actions to the Queen .
one friend who was told of the contents of the letter reveals : ‘ he told her in no uncertain terms that she had to help [remain/keep] the dignity of the crown and consider the repercussions of her actions to the queen .

At 41 , she remains an enigma , her private life far more of a secret than most public figures have managed to maintain .
at 41 , she remains an enigma , her private life far more of a secret than most public figures have managed to [remain/keep] .

When successful the individual is able to maintain an equilibrium .
when successful the individual is able to [remain/keep] an equilibrium .

They can help their members maintain a sense of belonging and personal worth , and also perhaps something to look forward to during the hours when they are alone .
they can help their members [remain/keep] a sense of belonging and personal worth , and also perhaps something to look forward to during the hours when they are alone .

There are many ways in which the need for openness and honesty can be harmonized with the need to maintain the family group , and to ensure that individuals within the family are not damaged .
there are many ways in which the need for openness and honesty can be harmonized with the need to [remain/keep] the family group , and to ensure that individuals within the family are not damaged .

Reminiscence was perceived in the 1950s and 1960s to be an unwelcome symptom of mental deterioration , a failure to maintain contact with the realities of the present , and a potentially harmful process .
reminiscence was perceived in the 1950s and 1960s to be an unwelcome symptom of mental deterioration , a failure to [remain/keep] contact with the realities of the present , and a potentially harmful process .

It will tell us about the individuals ' ability to make and maintain new relationships .
it will tell us about the individuals ' ability to make and [remain/keep] new relationships .

Either they can maintain their expectations and seek new ways of meeting them .
either they can [remain/keep] their expectations and seek new ways of meeting them .

They are also likely to have more savings , extra pensions and insurance income which will enable them to maintain their life-style , their status and to pursue their interests without as much regard to cost .
they are also likely to have more savings , extra pensions and insurance income which will enable them to [remain/keep] their life-style , their status and to pursue their interests without as much regard to cost .

The opportunities available to retired people should be stressed , particularly in the context of the need to maintain personal commitment , involvement and activity .
the opportunities available to retired people should be stressed , particularly in the context of the need to [remain/keep] personal commitment , involvement and activity .

Bowlby ( 1980 ) describes attachment behaviour as that which seeks to maintain strong affectional bonds .
bowlby ( 1980 ) describes attachment behaviour as that which seeks to [remain/keep] strong affectional bonds .

Whilst these ‘ community care ’ policies are soundly based on principles which seek to maintain elderly independence , they can also lead to , and exacerbate , social isolation .
whilst these ‘ community care ’ policies are soundly based on principles which seek to [remain/keep] elderly independence , they can also lead to , and exacerbate , social isolation .

Many older people will have failed to develop and maintain an adequate network of friends and social activities .
many older people will have failed to develop and [remain/keep] an adequate network of friends and social activities .

More often than not , social disengagement will not have been intentional , and certainly not brought about simply by the process of ageing , but rather by a failure to maintain an adequate level of social life beyond that of being parents .
more often than not , social disengagement will not have been intentional , and certainly not brought about simply by the process of ageing , but rather by a failure to [remain/keep] an adequate level of social life beyond that of being parents .

They will have failed to maintain an adequate level of expectation about what life can be as non-parents .
they will have failed to [remain/keep] an adequate level of expectation about what life can be as non-parents .

If older people can maintain reasonable social involvement , with satisfying contacts with other people , the quality of their life-styles can remain as fulfilling as at any other stage of their lives .
if older people can [remain/keep] reasonable social involvement , with satisfying contacts with other people , the quality of their life-styles can remain as fulfilling as at any other stage of their lives .

Where the disability is permanent , counselling can help individuals to decide how they are to maintain their social involvement in future , and obtain personal fulfilment from their lives .
where the disability is permanent , counselling can help individuals to decide how they are to [remain/keep] their social involvement in future , and obtain personal fulfilment from their lives .

Unrealistically high expectations ensure that we maintain our addiction and keep our guilt levels high .
unrealistically high expectations ensure that we [remain/keep] our addiction and keep our guilt levels high .

Those messages like ‘ Little boys do n't cry ’ , ‘ Keep a stiff upper lip ’ and ‘ Maintain a brave face ’ make it very difficult to describe experiences where we did not feel in control and did not appear invulnerable .
those messages like ‘ little boys do n't cry ’ , ‘ keep a stiff upper lip ’ and ‘ [remain/keep] a brave face ’ make it very difficult to describe experiences where we did not feel in control and did not appear invulnerable .

In other words we talk to maintain or elevate our apparent status .
in other words we talk to [remain/keep] or elevate our apparent status .

We want to maintain our sense of status .
we want to [remain/keep] our sense of status .

To build and maintain status , talking well helps .
to build and [remain/keep] status , talking well helps .

Maintain an overview on your job and your personal goals , and regularly appraise progress .
[remain/keep] an overview on your job and your personal goals , and regularly appraise progress .

As an interviewee in these situations , you can maintain your status by :
as an interviewee in these situations , you can [remain/keep] your status by :

While you maintain involvement in terms of your behaviour , you can think about especially pertinent questions that need answering and use them to clarify or challenge .
while you [remain/keep] involvement in terms of your behaviour , you can think about especially pertinent questions that need answering and use them to clarify or challenge .

Keep your behaviour calm and reasonable , and maintain your sense of humour if possible .
keep your behaviour calm and reasonable , and [remain/keep] your sense of humour if possible .

Keep your posture upright and relaxed ; it will help you maintain a high level of energy .
keep your posture upright and relaxed ; it will help you [remain/keep] a high level of energy .

Remember to maintain composure in your behaviour , and to answer questions succinctly .
remember to [remain/keep] composure in your behaviour , and to answer questions succinctly .

Not only are they very much simpler to weed and maintain , but if you have a back problem they are easier to reach than if they are closer to the ground .
not only are they very much simpler to weed and [remain/keep] , but if you have a back problem they are easier to reach than if they are closer to the ground .

‘ They sold their Beverly Hills home on Doheney Drive earlier this year and now Britt is pinning her hopes on becoming the new Jackie Collins in order to maintain the lifestyle she became used to after marrying Peter Sellers .
‘ they sold their beverly hills home on doheney drive earlier this year and now britt is pinning her hopes on becoming the new jackie collins in order to [remain/keep] the lifestyle she became used to after marrying peter sellers .

She has had to work really hard to maintain herself in recent times .
she has had to work really hard to [remain/keep] herself in recent times .

Pilar has been living alone in the huge house and has struggled to maintain it with four staff .
pilar has been living alone in the huge house and has struggled to [remain/keep] it with four staff .

This point means an absolute requirement for a person to maintain his brakes to escape liability .
this point means an absolute requirement for a person to [remain/keep] his brakes to escape liability .

Note the further offence of failing to maintain such a system contrary to Regulation 54 ( 2 ) of these regulations .
note the further offence of failing to [remain/keep] such a system contrary to regulation 54 ( 2 ) of these regulations .

Two days before the pacifists assembled in Leeds , Arthur Henderson , Labour 's representative in the War Cabinet , had arrived in Petrograd intent on persuading the Russian socialists to maintain their commitment to the Allied war effort .
two days before the pacifists assembled in leeds , arthur henderson , labour 's representative in the war cabinet , had arrived in petrograd intent on persuading the russian socialists to [remain/keep] their commitment to the allied war effort .

The Nazi threat to socialism and the working-class movement — whether in Germany , the Soviet Union , or the Western democracies — made it increasingly difficult to maintain an attitude of equal hostility to all imperialist powers .
the nazi threat to socialism and the working-class movement — whether in germany , the soviet union , or the western democracies — made it increasingly difficult to [remain/keep] an attitude of equal hostility to all imperialist powers .

To do this it is necessary to maintain a moisture gradient between the inside and the outside of the wood .
to do this it is necessary to [remain/keep] a moisture gradient between the inside and the outside of the wood .

Despite the prominence given to Britain 's role in Europe , this country needs to maintain its special relationship with the United States .
despite the prominence given to britain 's role in europe , this country needs to [remain/keep] its special relationship with the united states .

You do n't need to be a member of the Royal Family to know how hard it is to maintain dignity during your marriage break-up .
you do n't need to be a member of the royal family to know how hard it is to [remain/keep] dignity during your marriage break-up .

The Association says the magazine 's determination to maintain complete editorial independence is the key reason why readers have remained loyal over the years and trust its judgment .
the association says the magazine 's determination to [remain/keep] complete editorial independence is the key reason why readers have remained loyal over the years and trust its judgment .

An Eddie McGoldrick free-kick was only half cleared and Osborn produced a superb finish from 20 yards to maintain the Londoners ' recent revival .
an eddie mcgoldrick free-kick was only half cleared and osborn produced a superb finish from 20 yards to [remain/keep] the londoners ' recent revival .

The spread of prizemoney will help maintain interest until the end of the season .
the spread of prizemoney will help [remain/keep] interest until the end of the season .

That 's how much the hard-up south Londoners need to maintain their cashflow , and they expect Liverpool , Blackburn and Leeds to lead the bidding .
that 's how much the hard-up south londoners need to [remain/keep] their cashflow , and they expect liverpool , blackburn and leeds to lead the bidding .

As Souness punched the air in triumph , seeing a player he is ready to discard apparently maintain his side 's impressive recovery in the Premier League , Kendell sat motionless in the dug-out .
as souness punched the air in triumph , seeing a player he is ready to discard apparently [remain/keep] his side 's impressive recovery in the premier league , kendell sat motionless in the dug-out .

Nigel Tinkler 's gelding , a smart staying handicapper on the Flat , has taken well to hurdling and has n't come off the bridle to maintain his unbeaten record .
nigel tinkler 's gelding , a smart staying handicapper on the flat , has taken well to hurdling and has n't come off the bridle to [remain/keep] his unbeaten record .

He must somehow try and maintain Norwich 's wonderful start on their limited resources at the East Anglian club .
he must somehow try and [remain/keep] norwich 's wonderful start on their limited resources at the east anglian club .

Atkinson is keen to maintain his record of goals against his former clubs .
atkinson is keen to [remain/keep] his record of goals against his former clubs .

But Woking failed to maintain their momentum and Robert Codner drove home a deserved equaliser before half-time .
but woking failed to [remain/keep] their momentum and robert codner drove home a deserved equaliser before half-time .

Conservative administrations of the 1980s were certainly right to maintain that governments must not get involved in ‘ picking winners ’ and directing companies ' strategies .
conservative administrations of the 1980s were certainly right to [remain/keep] that governments must not get involved in ‘ picking winners ’ and directing companies ' strategies .

However , where the conversion into shares is probable , many companies maintain that to classify the bonds as liabilities would be misleading because , as no economic benefits ( cash ) will be transferred to the bond holders , there can be no liability .
however , where the conversion into shares is probable , many companies [remain/keep] that to classify the bonds as liabilities would be misleading because , as no economic benefits ( cash ) will be transferred to the bond holders , there can be no liability .

Under a new facilities agreement , the lenders have agreed to maintain the existing loans and facilities to June 1993 subject to termination rights and to compliance with new covenants .
under a new facilities agreement , the lenders have agreed to [remain/keep] the existing loans and facilities to june 1993 subject to termination rights and to compliance with new covenants .

But the Northern Kimberley tribes maintain that the ancestors of the clans arrived in boats led by individuals called Wandjina , each with his own name .
but the northern kimberley tribes [remain/keep] that the ancestors of the clans arrived in boats led by individuals called wandjina , each with his own name .

The Aboriginal legends maintain that most of the underground water-courses were created by the mythical snakes as they travelled across the country .
the aboriginal legends [remain/keep] that most of the underground water-courses were created by the mythical snakes as they travelled across the country .

The materialistic , scientific view of life processes has achieved no success whatsoever in endeavouring to answer how living systems are able to maintain their forms through continually changing conditions , or how growth is planned or organised .
the materialistic , scientific view of life processes has achieved no success whatsoever in endeavouring to answer how living systems are able to [remain/keep] their forms through continually changing conditions , or how growth is planned or organised .

To own a boarding house required capital in the first instance and to maintain the boarding house as a business venture in the early years the husband had to work as a taxi driver or have a part-time job during the winter .
to own a boarding house required capital in the first instance and to [remain/keep] the boarding house as a business venture in the early years the husband had to work as a taxi driver or have a part-time job during the winter .

Illegal activities often helped high-status groups maintain their positions .
illegal activities often helped high-status groups [remain/keep] their positions .

Its main task was not to detect or prevent crime , but to maintain order on public occasions , perform guard duties and apprehend well-known criminals .
its main task was not to detect or prevent crime , but to [remain/keep] order on public occasions , perform guard duties and apprehend well-known criminals .

For this the Corporation would maintain the whole of the surface of those roads in the borough served by the Company 's cars .
for this the corporation would [remain/keep] the whole of the surface of those roads in the borough served by the company 's cars .

Planning for the rest of 1992 , and indeed for the foreseeable future , will be driven b ; y the Canadian Rugby Union 's new mission statement : ‘ To develop the potential of rugby in Canada to maintain our competitive position in the top eight countries in the world .
planning for the rest of 1992 , and indeed for the foreseeable future , will be driven b ; y the canadian rugby union 's new mission statement : ‘ to develop the potential of rugby in canada to [remain/keep] our competitive position in the top eight countries in the world .

‘ In addition to being confident and able to run a company as well as the financial division , they must have a good knowledge and understanding of the company 's business , the market , the competitors and be able to maintain a strict sense of control and discipline as well as take a longer-term view in terms of strategy and business development .
‘ in addition to being confident and able to run a company as well as the financial division , they must have a good knowledge and understanding of the company 's business , the market , the competitors and be able to [remain/keep] a strict sense of control and discipline as well as take a longer-term view in terms of strategy and business development .

‘ Even though many of the international investors face slowdown in their home countries , ’ said Lee Suan Hiang of the government 's Economic Development Board , ‘ companies are relying on their investment in southeast Asia to maintain their growth levels , as this is the world 's fastest growing region . ’
‘ even though many of the international investors face slowdown in their home countries , ’ said lee suan hiang of the government 's economic development board , ‘ companies are relying on their investment in southeast asia to [remain/keep] their growth levels , as this is the world 's fastest growing region . ’

With its ‘ growth triangle ’ project the government is actively encouraging the more labour-intensive industries to move their production facilities into Malaysia or Thailand , where labour is cheaper and more abundant , but maintain head office functions in Singapore , where communication and distributive networks are more efficient and treasury/ fund management facilities more sophisticated .
with its ‘ growth triangle ’ project the government is actively encouraging the more labour-intensive industries to move their production facilities into malaysia or thailand , where labour is cheaper and more abundant , but [remain/keep] head office functions in singapore , where communication and distributive networks are more efficient and treasury/ fund management facilities more sophisticated .

The Act , it envisages , would contain provisions dealing with employees ' contractual rights ; the use of surpluses ; the necessity to maintain proper accounting records , file annual accounts and establish effective internal controls ; and an employer 's legal responsibility to fund a deficit and , in the event of the employer 's winding-up , for any deficit to be a priority debt on the company .
the act , it envisages , would contain provisions dealing with employees ' contractual rights ; the use of surpluses ; the necessity to [remain/keep] proper accounting records , file annual accounts and establish effective internal controls ; and an employer 's legal responsibility to fund a deficit and , in the event of the employer 's winding-up , for any deficit to be a priority debt on the company .

The ever-changing technical and professional environment of the Chartered Accountant demands that members must constantly be up-dating their knowledge and skills in order to maintain their professional competence .
the ever-changing technical and professional environment of the chartered accountant demands that members must constantly be up-dating their knowledge and skills in order to [remain/keep] their professional competence .

Shadow foreign minister George Robertson said : ‘ We are right to maintain pressure on Serbia and we must do so increasingly through sanctions .
shadow foreign minister george robertson said : ‘ we are right to [remain/keep] pressure on serbia and we must do so increasingly through sanctions .

It 's a system which sets out to restore and maintain good health by inserting needles into specific points on the surface of your skin .
it 's a system which sets out to restore and [remain/keep] good health by inserting needles into specific points on the surface of your skin .

To exploit and maintain the gain in endurance capacity
to exploit and [remain/keep] the gain in endurance capacity

Our jobs become more demanding , making it difficult to devote the time to train every day and maintain the routine we once had .
our jobs become more demanding , making it difficult to devote the time to train every day and [remain/keep] the routine we once had .

He has become a scapegoat and an excuse , so that romantic writers can maintain their vision of a lost golden age .
he has become a scapegoat and an excuse , so that romantic writers can [remain/keep] their vision of a lost golden age .

You 're just not going to be able to maintain your rugby at the highest standard otherwise .
you 're just not going to be able to [remain/keep] your rugby at the highest standard otherwise .

They play an abbreviated edition of the 15-a-side game : do the basics well , run straight and fast , support and maintain possession in most circumstances .
they play an abbreviated edition of the 15-a-side game : do the basics well , run straight and fast , support and [remain/keep] possession in most circumstances .

The Irish , predictably , could not maintain that test-type approach to the following mid-week match against a very tidy second division side , Manawatu .
the irish , predictably , could not [remain/keep] that test-type approach to the following mid-week match against a very tidy second division side , manawatu .

He seemed more concerned to break than maintain the shaky truce existing between him and his father .
he seemed more concerned to break than [remain/keep] the shaky truce existing between him and his father .

Ice cream is high in fat and sugar , which would reflect the body 's need for more calories ; pickles are high in salt , and as pregnancy increases the blood volume , more salt might be needed to maintain the proper balance of sodium .
ice cream is high in fat and sugar , which would reflect the body 's need for more calories ; pickles are high in salt , and as pregnancy increases the blood volume , more salt might be needed to [remain/keep] the proper balance of sodium .

One day we may be able to satisfy all our food longings and still maintain a healthy diet .
one day we may be able to satisfy all our food longings and still [remain/keep] a healthy diet .

To help maintain an optimum level of excitement .
to help [remain/keep] an optimum level of excitement .

This enables you to maintain a continuous check on both the direct input off the microphone as well as playbacks of the recorded sound , though the earpiece and its connecting cord can be something of a nuisance to wear all the time .
this enables you to [remain/keep] a continuous check on both the direct input off the microphone as well as playbacks of the recorded sound , though the earpiece and its connecting cord can be something of a nuisance to wear all the time .

Maintain consistent lighting for sequences of shots .
[remain/keep] consistent lighting for sequences of shots .

Maintain a logical sequence of events — a storyline .
[remain/keep] a logical sequence of events — a storyline .

This cyclical fluctuation in volume is due to-the operation of the camcorder 's automatic gain control which is all the time trying to maintain a constant sound level irrespective of the natural level of the incoming signal , an effect which makes it impossible to reproduce true audio perspectives .
this cyclical fluctuation in volume is due to-the operation of the camcorder 's automatic gain control which is all the time trying to [remain/keep] a constant sound level irrespective of the natural level of the incoming signal , an effect which makes it impossible to reproduce true audio perspectives .

Key messages include the need to plan audits adequately , to record audit work performed and to maintain adequate quality assurance procedures .
key messages include the need to plan audits adequately , to record audit work performed and to [remain/keep] adequate quality assurance procedures .

‘ The highest single total of ‘ no ' ’ answers arises from a lack of cold or continuous review procedures which firms are required to establish and maintain in accordance with the Audit Regulations .
‘ the highest single total of ‘ no ' ’ answers arises from a lack of cold or continuous review procedures which firms are required to establish and [remain/keep] in accordance with the audit regulations .

It also has contracts to maintain nuclear plants such as the one at Hinkley Point .
it also has contracts to [remain/keep] nuclear plants such as the one at hinkley point .

Those of us in smaller accountancy practices have to be particularly careful as to the level of costs incurred whilst trying to ensure that we maintain a high quality service .
those of us in smaller accountancy practices have to be particularly careful as to the level of costs incurred whilst trying to ensure that we [remain/keep] a high quality service .

To maintain continuity , the paper suggests that firms should establish transitional arrangements for the handover : these could include arranging for the new partner to work on the audit team beforehand , and ensuring that other senior staff do not change in the same year .
to [remain/keep] continuity , the paper suggests that firms should establish transitional arrangements for the handover : these could include arranging for the new partner to work on the audit team beforehand , and ensuring that other senior staff do not change in the same year .

Some management theorists maintain that in every organisation there is a hard core of mavericks who are reluctant to take on more responsibility .
some management theorists [remain/keep] that in every organisation there is a hard core of mavericks who are reluctant to take on more responsibility .

Until recently , the division used Lotus 1-2-3 to handle its consolidation : ‘ It was extremely flexible and reasonably quick , but it was very difficult to maintain and highly reliant on one person .
until recently , the division used lotus 1-2-3 to handle its consolidation : ‘ it was extremely flexible and reasonably quick , but it was very difficult to [remain/keep] and highly reliant on one person .

One of the main reasons for this is the need to maintain the quality of the front-line services to the membership in the face of much higher volumes of telephone and fax traffic .
one of the main reasons for this is the need to [remain/keep] the quality of the front-line services to the membership in the face of much higher volumes of telephone and fax traffic .

Each customer decides how much to maintain in the current account and then Balanced Banking sweeps any surplus into a high interest savings account .
each customer decides how much to [remain/keep] in the current account and then balanced banking sweeps any surplus into a high interest savings account .

More directors of trusts are indicating a willingness to draw on these reserves to maintain dividends or meet commitments .
more directors of trusts are indicating a willingness to draw on these reserves to [remain/keep] dividends or meet commitments .

No one is quite sure just how significant they are because , generally , they prefer to maintain a low profile and reveal as little information as they can .
no one is quite sure just how significant they are because , generally , they prefer to [remain/keep] a low profile and reveal as little information as they can .

We aim to recruit the best people , give them the best training , set the best standards , establish quality assurance and maintain a system of peer review within our firms and through our national institutes .
we aim to recruit the best people , give them the best training , set the best standards , establish quality assurance and [remain/keep] a system of peer review within our firms and through our national institutes .

The permission to make coinage was an important mark of a town 's regional importance and of the acceptability of its trade status among local people ; conversely , failure to maintain that rightful respect brought hard retribution .
the permission to make coinage was an important mark of a town 's regional importance and of the acceptability of its trade status among local people ; conversely , failure to [remain/keep] that rightful respect brought hard retribution .

Regarding themselves as kingmakers , Godwine and his sons strove repeatedly to maintain an ‘ English ’ identity , free both of too much Danish interruption and of the new factor in political life , the influence of the Duchy of Normandy .
regarding themselves as kingmakers , godwine and his sons strove repeatedly to [remain/keep] an ‘ english ’ identity , free both of too much danish interruption and of the new factor in political life , the influence of the duchy of normandy .

But such was the strength of their local authority that most of the larger Catholic households were able to maintain their liturgical tradition , although in a way that was increasingly isolated from the mainstream of local life .
but such was the strength of their local authority that most of the larger catholic households were able to [remain/keep] their liturgical tradition , although in a way that was increasingly isolated from the mainstream of local life .

Not only the peerage but many of the more prosperous country squires in the eighteenth century came to maintain houses in their local market towns , to serve both the needs of trade and of society ; as Joseph Seagrave remarked in 1804 , ‘ the domestic building in every part of the kingdom , is greatly improved within the last forty or fifty years ; but in few places more than Chichester ’ .
not only the peerage but many of the more prosperous country squires in the eighteenth century came to [remain/keep] houses in their local market towns , to serve both the needs of trade and of society ; as joseph seagrave remarked in 1804 , ‘ the domestic building in every part of the kingdom , is greatly improved within the last forty or fifty years ; but in few places more than chichester ’ .

We invoke the name of Omnipotence , humbly imploring his power and approbation ; to our countrymen we say , cease from your ribbons and banners ; support party struggles no more ; leave them to die , to exhaust themselves ; support those men of all parties who will espouse and maintain the good old rule of Christianity … we must ourselves be the great instrument of our regeneration .
we invoke the name of omnipotence , humbly imploring his power and approbation ; to our countrymen we say , cease from your ribbons and banners ; support party struggles no more ; leave them to die , to exhaust themselves ; support those men of all parties who will espouse and [remain/keep] the good old rule of christianity … we must ourselves be the great instrument of our regeneration .

‘ If they can maintain a higher monthly sum , they will pay off their loan quicker .
‘ if they can [remain/keep] a higher monthly sum , they will pay off their loan quicker .

Despite the grim news , Pilkington has not chopped the dividend as feared but is dipping into reserves to maintain the payout at 2.93p .
despite the grim news , pilkington has not chopped the dividend as feared but is dipping into reserves to [remain/keep] the payout at 2.93p .

But for many participants what is needed is something more definite in the way of a scheme of work of some kind which will direct and maintain the momentum of the course into a continuing programme of monitored activities in the classroom .
but for many participants what is needed is something more definite in the way of a scheme of work of some kind which will direct and [remain/keep] the momentum of the course into a continuing programme of monitored activities in the classroom .

Over recent years schoolteachers and others concerned with the teaching of languages have ‘ puzzled their brains ’ about the role of grammar in language learning , and some maintain that students can manage without it .
over recent years schoolteachers and others concerned with the teaching of languages have ‘ puzzled their brains ’ about the role of grammar in language learning , and some [remain/keep] that students can manage without it .

This is not the way to maintain it in what is for many accountants a difficult transitional period .
this is not the way to [remain/keep] it in what is for many accountants a difficult transitional period .

And finally , there must be effective enforcement , which requires both monitoring activity to ‘ throw up ’ failures by members to maintain the ethical high ground , and effective discipline of those failures in all cases where that is appropriate .
and finally , there must be effective enforcement , which requires both monitoring activity to ‘ throw up ’ failures by members to [remain/keep] the ethical high ground , and effective discipline of those failures in all cases where that is appropriate .

Companies have always needed to be fully aware of events in their marketplace , to recognise opportunities and to maintain the flexibility to take advantage of them .
companies have always needed to be fully aware of events in their marketplace , to recognise opportunities and to [remain/keep] the flexibility to take advantage of them .

Perhaps the Institute can , indeed , maintain an appropriate balance between the public interest and members ' interests over the longer term , but on the evidence currently available , it should come as no surprise that members are unwilling to accept too much on trust .
perhaps the institute can , indeed , [remain/keep] an appropriate balance between the public interest and members ' interests over the longer term , but on the evidence currently available , it should come as no surprise that members are unwilling to accept too much on trust .

Both of these more recent studies , like Bell 's work , indicate that class is a dimension of exchanges of money between kin , in that the purpose of such exchanges in middle-class families is to enable younger generations to establish or maintain a life-style similar to that of their parents .
both of these more recent studies , like bell 's work , indicate that class is a dimension of exchanges of money between kin , in that the purpose of such exchanges in middle-class families is to enable younger generations to establish or [remain/keep] a life-style similar to that of their parents .

In his study of poverty in the United Kingdom , Townsend ( 1979 ) argued that the mechanism of inheritance remains an important vehicle for ensuring that the wealthier groups in society maintain their economic position across generations .
in his study of poverty in the united kingdom , townsend ( 1979 ) argued that the mechanism of inheritance remains an important vehicle for ensuring that the wealthier groups in society [remain/keep] their economic position across generations .

The effect of marriage between cousins is to secure and maintain the boundaries of the kin group and the resources which it controls , by ensuring that no one takes anything out of the kin group when they marry , and that strangers are not introduced ( Tillion , 1983 ) .
the effect of marriage between cousins is to secure and [remain/keep] the boundaries of the kin group and the resources which it controls , by ensuring that no one takes anything out of the kin group when they marry , and that strangers are not introduced ( tillion , 1983 ) .

Economic support of all kinds seems to be much more significant of middle-class kin groups , who on the whole have more to share and use that capacity in a distinctive way to enable family members , especially the younger generations , to maintain a suitable style and standard of living .
economic support of all kinds seems to be much more significant of middle-class kin groups , who on the whole have more to share and use that capacity in a distinctive way to enable family members , especially the younger generations , to [remain/keep] a suitable style and standard of living .

The most important of these is that there seems to be no evidence that people assumed automatic responsibility for their relatives — including parents — who were old , sick , or in some other circumstance where they were unable to work to maintain themselves .
the most important of these is that there seems to be no evidence that people assumed automatic responsibility for their relatives — including parents — who were old , sick , or in some other circumstance where they were unable to work to [remain/keep] themselves .

However , there was considerable pressure for the terms of retirement to be such that older people could maintain economic independence .
however , there was considerable pressure for the terms of retirement to be such that older people could [remain/keep] economic independence .

Nonetheless the principle of retirement pension was accepted from this point onwards , and it enabled older people to maintain their position as active partners in structures of kin support , at least in financial terms .
nonetheless the principle of retirement pension was accepted from this point onwards , and it enabled older people to [remain/keep] their position as active partners in structures of kin support , at least in financial terms .

Even if we make the comparison with the earlier part of the twentieth century when people were beginning to live longer , the economic conditions of family life were so different as to make a decision to take an old person into one 's home , if they could not maintain themselves , a very different decision from its equivalent today .
even if we make the comparison with the earlier part of the twentieth century when people were beginning to live longer , the economic conditions of family life were so different as to make a decision to take an old person into one 's home , if they could not [remain/keep] themselves , a very different decision from its equivalent today .

Combined with the invention of the purse-net , a dangerous stage was reached where the ability to find and catch some species threatened to outstrip the ability of fish to maintain viable populations .
combined with the invention of the purse-net , a dangerous stage was reached where the ability to find and catch some species threatened to outstrip the ability of fish to [remain/keep] viable populations .

Much the same happened in a general cultural sense , with Faroe becoming even more independent and determined to maintain its old customs .
much the same happened in a general cultural sense , with faroe becoming even more independent and determined to [remain/keep] its old customs .

The Faroese ( well , most of them ) maintain that those who oppose their traditional ways are people who have never had to hunt and kill to survive , who are happy to let other people ‘ do the dirty work ’ and to buy their meat ready-packaged from a supermarket ; that whale- and bird-hunting are community activities which help foster a ‘ community spirit ’ and that the birds and animals are all used for human food .
the faroese ( well , most of them ) [remain/keep] that those who oppose their traditional ways are people who have never had to hunt and kill to survive , who are happy to let other people ‘ do the dirty work ’ and to buy their meat ready-packaged from a supermarket ; that whale- and bird-hunting are community activities which help foster a ‘ community spirit ’ and that the birds and animals are all used for human food .

It is no wonder that so many of the small northern birds have to raise large broods of young , just to maintain the status quo of the population .
it is no wonder that so many of the small northern birds have to raise large broods of young , just to [remain/keep] the status quo of the population .

One attractive hypothesis would be that there is positive feedback , whereby tension in the cable generates an intracellular chemi- cal signal for the maintenance of tension ; this would maintain an activated state in every cell containing a segment of the taut cable .
one attractive hypothesis would be that there is positive feedback , whereby tension in the cable generates an intracellular chemi- cal signal for the maintenance of tension ; this would [remain/keep] an activated state in every cell containing a segment of the taut cable .

Previous in vitro attempts to investigate the role of thymic stromal cells in T-cell development have been hampered by the limited ability of monolayer cultures to support a full programme of T-cell maturation and by the difficulty of obtaining cultures of thymic epithelial cells that maintain their in vivo phenotype .
previous in vitro attempts to investigate the role of thymic stromal cells in t-cell development have been hampered by the limited ability of monolayer cultures to support a full programme of t-cell maturation and by the difficulty of obtaining cultures of thymic epithelial cells that [remain/keep] their in vivo phenotype .

Can very weak selection maintain adaptations ?
can very weak selection [remain/keep] adaptations ?

We assume that larvae take 10 days to develop ( ignoring differences between lines ) , and that larval viability is adjusted by density-dependence to maintain constant population size ( r=0 ) .
we assume that larvae take 10 days to develop ( ignoring differences between lines ) , and that larval viability is adjusted by density-dependence to [remain/keep] constant population size ( r=0 ) .

British Airways said it will exercise its option on $ 16.3m worth of new shares being offered by USAir , to maintain its 24.6 % stake in the American airline .
british airways said it will exercise its option on $ 16.3m worth of new shares being offered by usair , to [remain/keep] its 24.6 % stake in the american airline .

Although it may have mishandled some details , such as last week 's round of Arab-Israeli talks ( see page 65 ) , its big decisions — to bring its troops swiftly home , to maintain the siege around Iraq , to establish a haven for Iraqi Kurds and to push Israel and the Arabs into long-overdue negotiation — have mostly been right .
although it may have mishandled some details , such as last week 's round of arab-israeli talks ( see page 65 ) , its big decisions — to bring its troops swiftly home , to [remain/keep] the siege around iraq , to establish a haven for iraqi kurds and to push israel and the arabs into long-overdue negotiation — have mostly been right .

’ Barbedette concluded that the only thing to do is to ‘ maintain an intrepid virtue .
’ barbedette concluded that the only thing to do is to ‘ [remain/keep] an intrepid virtue .

This helps the cancers form and maintain the blood vessels that nourish them , and which provide them with the routes through which they spread .
this helps the cancers form and [remain/keep] the blood vessels that nourish them , and which provide them with the routes through which they spread .

The lack of welfare officers , the rarity of home leave , the concept of visits and letter-writing as a privilege which could be withdrawn as a punishment , and the denial of permission to keep family photographs , were all indications of an absence of serious interest in helping to maintain a prisoner 's contacts with the outside world .
the lack of welfare officers , the rarity of home leave , the concept of visits and letter-writing as a privilege which could be withdrawn as a punishment , and the denial of permission to keep family photographs , were all indications of an absence of serious interest in helping to [remain/keep] a prisoner 's contacts with the outside world .

It is a commonly understood element of the rights of prisoners that prison conditions should be such as to maintain life and health .
it is a commonly understood element of the rights of prisoners that prison conditions should be such as to [remain/keep] life and health .

There was also an implicit condemnation of atomic weapons : ‘ In this age which boasts of its atomic power , it no longer makes sense ( alienum a ratione est ) to maintain that war is a fit instrument with which to repair the violation of justice . ’
there was also an implicit condemnation of atomic weapons : ‘ in this age which boasts of its atomic power , it no longer makes sense ( alienum a ratione est ) to [remain/keep] that war is a fit instrument with which to repair the violation of justice . ’

Is correctionalist criminology , of any variety , consequently a part of the ideological superstructure that helps to maintain capitalism ?
is correctionalist criminology , of any variety , consequently a part of the ideological superstructure that helps to [remain/keep] capitalism ?

( 5 ) All correctional agencies have the obligation to maintain control over committed offenders .
( 5 ) all correctional agencies have the obligation to [remain/keep] control over committed offenders .

Benjamin ‘ Bibi ’ Netanyahu , the recently elected leader of the dispirited party , is concerned above all to maintain unity , and has not yet shown his own hand .
benjamin ‘ bibi ’ netanyahu , the recently elected leader of the dispirited party , is concerned above all to [remain/keep] unity , and has not yet shown his own hand .

But chastened ministers will stoutly maintain that it does not affect the treaty .
but chastened ministers will stoutly [remain/keep] that it does not affect the treaty .

As Cicero said , it is difficult to maintain simulatio for any length of time .
as cicero said , it is difficult to [remain/keep] simulatio for any length of time .

Once the murder is done the hypocrisy must continue : in Marvell 's version of Machiavelli , ‘ The same Arts that did gain/A Pow ' r must it maintain ’ .
once the murder is done the hypocrisy must continue : in marvell 's version of machiavelli , ‘ the same arts that did gain/a pow ' r must it [remain/keep] ’ .

This had in part been justified by cost conditions — a larger domestic consumer was cheaper per kWh to supply than a small one — though in the conditions of shortage which prevailed it was arguably foolish to maintain such a strong incentive to increased usage .
this had in part been justified by cost conditions — a larger domestic consumer was cheaper per kwh to supply than a small one — though in the conditions of shortage which prevailed it was arguably foolish to [remain/keep] such a strong incentive to increased usage .

He knew the corridors of power from the angle of the politicians , and he was determined to use that knowledge to maintain as much independence for the industry as possible .
he knew the corridors of power from the angle of the politicians , and he was determined to use that knowledge to [remain/keep] as much independence for the industry as possible .

This infrequency was in part at Citrine 's choice : he could maintain it partly because the industry 's problems were less serious than those of coal .
this infrequency was in part at citrine 's choice : he could [remain/keep] it partly because the industry 's problems were less serious than those of coal .

The whole bias of the leading engineers and managers in the industry was , of course , to maintain their independence both in the development of policy and in its execution .
the whole bias of the leading engineers and managers in the industry was , of course , to [remain/keep] their independence both in the development of policy and in its execution .

Despite some pressure from sales staff to be allowed a more adventurous policy of price cutting and quantity marketing , the Boards agreed to maintain manufacturers ' list prices in order not to offend competing retailers , though there was some disguised price-cutting in their favourable hire purchase terms , especially for cookers .
despite some pressure from sales staff to be allowed a more adventurous policy of price cutting and quantity marketing , the boards agreed to [remain/keep] manufacturers ' list prices in order not to offend competing retailers , though there was some disguised price-cutting in their favourable hire purchase terms , especially for cookers .

The industry thus managed to maintain its freedom on this central aspect of commercial policy making , but its competence in living up to this challenge left much to be desired .
the industry thus managed to [remain/keep] its freedom on this central aspect of commercial policy making , but its competence in living up to this challenge left much to be desired .

In the wider Middle East , he says , America hopes that the loyalty of American friends — — Egypt , Israel , Saudi Arabia , the Gulf emirates and Turkey — can maintain ‘ a balance of power in our favour ’ .
in the wider middle east , he says , america hopes that the loyalty of american friends — — egypt , israel , saudi arabia , the gulf emirates and turkey — can [remain/keep] ‘ a balance of power in our favour ’ .

Operators in other countries may maintain that they have ‘ commercial ’ digital services , but as yet they have few customers and they are finding it hard to rival the falling prices of analogue cellular networks .
operators in other countries may [remain/keep] that they have ‘ commercial ’ digital services , but as yet they have few customers and they are finding it hard to rival the falling prices of analogue cellular networks .

The Indian civil administration was even smaller , numbering only 857 , with 32 on average required annually to maintain the strength of the service .
the indian civil administration was even smaller , numbering only 857 , with 32 on average required annually to [remain/keep] the strength of the service .

Directors would normally maintain such lists of candidates in order of the date of receipt of the applications , but this apparent fairness had occasionally to be circumvented in case of urgent necessity by borrowing from another director with a less crowded list in the case of an older candidate , for it was often not feasible to advance a candidate over the heads of others in a list for fear of giving lasting offence .
directors would normally [remain/keep] such lists of candidates in order of the date of receipt of the applications , but this apparent fairness had occasionally to be circumvented in case of urgent necessity by borrowing from another director with a less crowded list in the case of an older candidate , for it was often not feasible to advance a candidate over the heads of others in a list for fear of giving lasting offence .

In 1716 , for example , the Duke of Montrose was hard pressed to maintain his political dominance of Glasgow when he was approached by a member of the university on behalf of a recently promoted lieutenant of Brigadier Preston 's regiment , one of the senior corps of the army .
in 1716 , for example , the duke of montrose was hard pressed to [remain/keep] his political dominance of glasgow when he was approached by a member of the university on behalf of a recently promoted lieutenant of brigadier preston 's regiment , one of the senior corps of the army .

When a politician with an interest to maintain was a member of the House of Lords , the practice of taking appeals from the Scottish courts to the Upper House of Parliament afforded the politician further opportunities to oblige his friends .
when a politician with an interest to [remain/keep] was a member of the house of lords , the practice of taking appeals from the scottish courts to the upper house of parliament afforded the politician further opportunities to oblige his friends .

In support of this contention he quotes research done by Thorpe , who found in a study of long-term foster-children that only 27 per cent had contact with their parents every six months or more frequently and that over 60 per cent of natural parents did not know where their children were living , with only 21 per cent feeling encouraged by their social worker to maintain contact .
in support of this contention he quotes research done by thorpe , who found in a study of long-term foster-children that only 27 per cent had contact with their parents every six months or more frequently and that over 60 per cent of natural parents did not know where their children were living , with only 21 per cent feeling encouraged by their social worker to [remain/keep] contact .

Those who defend the kinship bond find more acceptable a situation where , say , a child may maintain an active relationship with his [ or her ] natural parents while living with foster-parents , or may even remain in contact with them after adoption .
those who defend the kinship bond find more acceptable a situation where , say , a child may [remain/keep] an active relationship with his [ or her ] natural parents while living with foster-parents , or may even remain in contact with them after adoption .

For example , they must be helped to recognise that , in a society which is hostile and oppressively racist to black people , the black family has to develop coping mechanisms which allow the group to maintain dignity and self-respect and which help the family to survive in a psychologically healthy way .
for example , they must be helped to recognise that , in a society which is hostile and oppressively racist to black people , the black family has to develop coping mechanisms which allow the group to [remain/keep] dignity and self-respect and which help the family to survive in a psychologically healthy way .

Creating links with the black community may not be easy , and some families will try to maintain their original form by blocking out positive responses from black people to the child and other members of the family .
creating links with the black community may not be easy , and some families will try to [remain/keep] their original form by blocking out positive responses from black people to the child and other members of the family .

In July last year he announced that ‘ we are prepared to set straight the brains of hundreds ’ in order to maintain stability .
in july last year he announced that ‘ we are prepared to set straight the brains of hundreds ’ in order to [remain/keep] stability .

Rather than suggesting a different incentive system , which would enable the agency to maintain at least some timber harvesting in many of the forests on the list , the agency is deliberately limiting its options .
rather than suggesting a different incentive system , which would enable the agency to [remain/keep] at least some timber harvesting in many of the forests on the list , the agency is deliberately limiting its options .

Last October it persuaded Moody 's to maintain the credit rating on its long-term debt .
last october it persuaded moody 's to [remain/keep] the credit rating on its long-term debt .

Recent developments have shown that appropriate education , training and direct experience of work and living away from home , can enable a very significant proportion of those with severe disabilities to maintain themselves in employment and independent life .
recent developments have shown that appropriate education , training and direct experience of work and living away from home , can enable a very significant proportion of those with severe disabilities to [remain/keep] themselves in employment and independent life .

In order for him to maintain interest he needed to work in short spurts .
in order for him to [remain/keep] interest he needed to work in short spurts .

It might be suggested that the disempowerment of parents arises from a combination of LEAs seeking to maintain control over the distribution of resources and professionals seeking to secure the autonomy of their professional role .
it might be suggested that the disempowerment of parents arises from a combination of leas seeking to [remain/keep] control over the distribution of resources and professionals seeking to secure the autonomy of their professional role .

What Lord Airlie , the Lord Chamberlain , actually said on 11 February when announcing the areas on which the Queen was now going to pay tax , was that the income-raising activities relating to the collection — sales of tickets , catalogues , souvenirs etc — are to be put into a trust to reflect the fact that these activities are used exclusively to maintain the Collection .
what lord airlie , the lord chamberlain , actually said on 11 february when announcing the areas on which the queen was now going to pay tax , was that the income-raising activities relating to the collection — sales of tickets , catalogues , souvenirs etc — are to be put into a trust to reflect the fact that these activities are used exclusively to [remain/keep] the collection .

Francesca Thyssen , who married Karl Habsburg , the son of Otto von Habsburg , the last Crown Prince of the Austro-Hungarian empire , at the end of January , is attempting to maintain the position of the Villa Favorita in the international art scene .
francesca thyssen , who married karl habsburg , the son of otto von habsburg , the last crown prince of the austro-hungarian empire , at the end of january , is attempting to [remain/keep] the position of the villa favorita in the international art scene .

The budgetary procedures and the administration of the buildings will also be unified , although the Direction and the Réunion will maintain their roles in shaping the museum 's budget and in acquisitions .
the budgetary procedures and the administration of the buildings will also be unified , although the direction and the réunion will [remain/keep] their roles in shaping the museum 's budget and in acquisitions .

Should this prove to be impossible , he had three aims : to complete in due order the steps necessary for becoming archbishop , to maintain undiminished the possessions and privileges of his church , and to hold a Council for the correction of discipline in the Church .
should this prove to be impossible , he had three aims : to complete in due order the steps necessary for becoming archbishop , to [remain/keep] undiminished the possessions and privileges of his church , and to hold a council for the correction of discipline in the church .

He could not afford to antagonize Anselm , but — with motives very similar to those which led Anselm to maintain the rights of his see as he had received them from his predecessors — he had no intention of abandoning any rights enjoyed by his father and brother .
he could not afford to antagonize anselm , but — with motives very similar to those which led anselm to [remain/keep] the rights of his see as he had received them from his predecessors — he had no intention of abandoning any rights enjoyed by his father and brother .

At his consecration , he had promised to maintain Canterbury 's rights of every kind , from the primacy down to the smallest knight 's fee , and we have seen that in Rufus 's reign he allowed many , as we might think , greater matters to lie dormant while he fought for Canterbury 's rights .
at his consecration , he had promised to [remain/keep] canterbury 's rights of every kind , from the primacy down to the smallest knight 's fee , and we have seen that in rufus 's reign he allowed many , as we might think , greater matters to lie dormant while he fought for canterbury 's rights .

He may with good reason be regarded as the first of that long line of professional civil servants who did more than any others to make and destroy the medieval Church : they were professional administrators , equipped to forward the interests of government not by main force but by negotiation amidst the intricate issues of law and theology ; men of international standing , retaining the respect of their opponents , and not too hatefully or too personally involved in the cause which they were required to maintain .
he may with good reason be regarded as the first of that long line of professional civil servants who did more than any others to make and destroy the medieval church : they were professional administrators , equipped to forward the interests of government not by main force but by negotiation amidst the intricate issues of law and theology ; men of international standing , retaining the respect of their opponents , and not too hatefully or too personally involved in the cause which they were required to [remain/keep] .

To maintain the dignity of his new position , Elphege needed to have a biography and a complement of musical compositions for his feast-day .
to [remain/keep] the dignity of his new position , elphege needed to have a biography and a complement of musical compositions for his feast-day .

Phillips auctioneers have responded to Sotheby 's rise in buyer 's premium with the following statement , issued on 3 December : ‘ Whilst Phillips do not wish to increase their buyer 's premium , they reserve the right to alter their standard terms and conditions or sale at any time in the future if necessary in order to maintain their competitive position ’ .
phillips auctioneers have responded to sotheby 's rise in buyer 's premium with the following statement , issued on 3 december : ‘ whilst phillips do not wish to increase their buyer 's premium , they reserve the right to alter their standard terms and conditions or sale at any time in the future if necessary in order to [remain/keep] their competitive position ’ .

Apart from the cosmetic effect , this would make them easier to maintain .
apart from the cosmetic effect , this would make them easier to [remain/keep] .

Such a figure is based to some extent on notional accounting — an expert 's time per hour is , for example , assessed at a much higher rate than he or she is actually paid — but it indicates the profit margins which both houses need to maintain .
such a figure is based to some extent on notional accounting — an expert 's time per hour is , for example , assessed at a much higher rate than he or she is actually paid — but it indicates the profit margins which both houses need to [remain/keep] .

And though the Hook and Cray maintain , in traditional 12-bar manner , that it 's the ‘ Same Old Blues Again ’ , in truth , something more is on offer , especially when John Lee picks up his National Steel to weave an eccentric neo-Nashville way through ‘ Hittin ' The Bottle Again ’ , a song that surely dropped out of George Jones ' back-pocket one hazy , half-forgotten night .
and though the hook and cray [remain/keep] , in traditional 12-bar manner , that it 's the ‘ same old blues again ’ , in truth , something more is on offer , especially when john lee picks up his national steel to weave an eccentric neo-nashville way through ‘ hittin ' the bottle again ’ , a song that surely dropped out of george jones ' back-pocket one hazy , half-forgotten night .

To turn Christian , in the 1930s and after , was to declare for the past , and only Graham Greene among notable pre-war literary converts to Rome was to maintain anything like a left-Wing view of public affairs .
to turn christian , in the 1930s and after , was to declare for the past , and only graham greene among notable pre-war literary converts to rome was to [remain/keep] anything like a left-wing view of public affairs .

Scientists estimate that a gene pool of at least 300 animals is necessary to maintain a healthy tiger population .
scientists estimate that a gene pool of at least 300 animals is necessary to [remain/keep] a healthy tiger population .

In this situation anything that can be done to halt the destruction of the forests and to maintain the population of orang-utans in the wild must be attempted .
in this situation anything that can be done to halt the destruction of the forests and to [remain/keep] the population of orang-utans in the wild must be attempted .

Two broad themes were apparent : first , there was a growing recognition that elderly people were mentally and physically capable of far more than had been previously assumed , and that it was medically and socially possible for them to maintain an independent and active life .
two broad themes were apparent : first , there was a growing recognition that elderly people were mentally and physically capable of far more than had been previously assumed , and that it was medically and socially possible for them to [remain/keep] an independent and active life .

They recommended we maintain the present scoring system .
they recommended we [remain/keep] the present scoring system .

Things remain neck and neck in Area 3 of the event , as City of Nottingham maintain the pressure on leaders and former champions Hallamshire Sheffield , following a 3–0 victory over Hallamshire 's neighbours Abbeydale Park .
things remain neck and neck in area 3 of the event , as city of nottingham [remain/keep] the pressure on leaders and former champions hallamshire sheffield , following a 3–0 victory over hallamshire 's neighbours abbeydale park .

Ministry guitarist Mick Scaccia , who drew the short straw and is rooming with Al , tells me that the singer likes to maintain a temperature of 100 degrees in his hotel room .
ministry guitarist mick scaccia , who drew the short straw and is rooming with al , tells me that the singer likes to [remain/keep] a temperature of 100 degrees in his hotel room .

Despite the problem of trying to maintain a straight face , there are distinct advantages to being on Cube 's team .
despite the problem of trying to [remain/keep] a straight face , there are distinct advantages to being on cube 's team .

She continues to maintain studios in both countries and during their lifetimes was close to Diego Rivera and Frieda Kahlo .
she continues to [remain/keep] studios in both countries and during their lifetimes was close to diego rivera and frieda kahlo .

Bear with the organisers who are running these trains both for our benefit and fun but also to raise funds to maintain their locomotives .
bear with the organisers who are running these trains both for our benefit and fun but also to raise funds to [remain/keep] their locomotives .

It was a worthy tribute to the aircraft , the man who designed it , the pilots who flew it and the people who continue to operate and maintain them .
it was a worthy tribute to the aircraft , the man who designed it , the pilots who flew it and the people who continue to operate and [remain/keep] them .

The variety of each unit , the flexibility of each course , and the belief that the language learning process should be enjoyable and challenging will maintain a high level of motivation within your class .
the variety of each unit , the flexibility of each course , and the belief that the language learning process should be enjoyable and challenging will [remain/keep] a high level of motivation within your class .

The short course editions maintain the same teaching approach as Fast Forward , aiming to maximize results both in and out of the classroom .
the short course editions [remain/keep] the same teaching approach as fast forward , aiming to maximize results both in and out of the classroom .

Typesize and layout have been chosen to help maintain the flow or reading and the stories are short and simple enough to be read at normal first-language speed .
typesize and layout have been chosen to help [remain/keep] the flow or reading and the stories are short and simple enough to be read at normal first-language speed .

Some information on survivors is very sketchy , and in order to maintain some form of balance in the listing , we have refrained from giving serial numbers , registrations ( in the few places where they apply ) or similar .
some information on survivors is very sketchy , and in order to [remain/keep] some form of balance in the listing , we have refrained from giving serial numbers , registrations ( in the few places where they apply ) or similar .

Sugar production , he argued , was extremely important in the imperial economy and for the foreseeable future plantations would rely upon fresh labour from Africa to maintain production .
sugar production , he argued , was extremely important in the imperial economy and for the foreseeable future plantations would rely upon fresh labour from africa to [remain/keep] production .

At the same time , however , liberal political economy in its antislavery guise sought to maintain the link between private motives and public consequences , to check the anxiety arising from perceptions of the divorce between morality and economic development in the era of industrialisation .
at the same time , however , liberal political economy in its antislavery guise sought to [remain/keep] the link between private motives and public consequences , to check the anxiety arising from perceptions of the divorce between morality and economic development in the era of industrialisation .

1838 coincided with the culmination of the anti-apprenticeship campaign , 1840 with the first World Anti-Slavery Convention in London and 1848 with the high point of the controversy over whether to maintain the West African naval squadron as the main instrument of slave trade suppression .
1838 coincided with the culmination of the anti-apprenticeship campaign , 1840 with the first world anti-slavery convention in london and 1848 with the high point of the controversy over whether to [remain/keep] the west african naval squadron as the main instrument of slave trade suppression .

The abolitionists worked hard to maintain this denominational momentum as a source of petitioning and Joseph Sturge noted that they would simply be paralleling the tactics of the campaign against the Test and Corporation Acts .
the abolitionists worked hard to [remain/keep] this denominational momentum as a source of petitioning and joseph sturge noted that they would simply be paralleling the tactics of the campaign against the test and corporation acts .

One interpretation of the intermittent energy which Joseph Sturge put into the free produce movement in the 1840s is that it constituted an attempt by a Friend who had launched out into public and even political life to maintain links with more traditionally quietist brethren who none the less looked for greater perfection in the world .
one interpretation of the intermittent energy which joseph sturge put into the free produce movement in the 1840s is that it constituted an attempt by a friend who had launched out into public and even political life to [remain/keep] links with more traditionally quietist brethren who none the less looked for greater perfection in the world .

Circles centring on prominent individuals could maintain and encourage common antislavery feeling .
circles centring on prominent individuals could [remain/keep] and encourage common antislavery feeling .

Such occasions were constructed to confirm the high value of the cause , to energise the ranks and maintain and strengthen the internal links in the movement .
such occasions were constructed to confirm the high value of the cause , to energise the ranks and [remain/keep] and strengthen the internal links in the movement .

Encouragement to reformers to maintain their commitment would bring its reward since ‘ no virtuous effort is ever ultimately lost ’ but such effort depended upon ‘ a union of wise and virtuous individuals ’ who recognised the providentially sanctioned nature of their cause .
encouragement to reformers to [remain/keep] their commitment would bring its reward since ‘ no virtuous effort is ever ultimately lost ’ but such effort depended upon ‘ a union of wise and virtuous individuals ’ who recognised the providentially sanctioned nature of their cause .

In attempting to maintain a broad political base and in holding together the traditions of moderate evangelical Anglicanism and moderate dissent the Buxton group sought ‘ a Wilberforce station ’ but in changed circumstances .
in attempting to [remain/keep] a broad political base and in holding together the traditions of moderate evangelical anglicanism and moderate dissent the buxton group sought ‘ a wilberforce station ’ but in changed circumstances .

Marx also believed that the day of Christianity was already past : it really belonged to an earlier , feudal pattern of society , and had been undermined beyond hope of recovery by the emergence of the bourgeois culture , which had already passed beyond it , and appeared to maintain it only for the most cynical of purposes .
marx also believed that the day of christianity was already past : it really belonged to an earlier , feudal pattern of society , and had been undermined beyond hope of recovery by the emergence of the bourgeois culture , which had already passed beyond it , and appeared to [remain/keep] it only for the most cynical of purposes .

Others , however , would rather maintain that these charges have sometimes been exaggerated , but that they do highlight genuine dangers of which one ought to be aware in reading Barth : dangers which lie partly in what he actually says , but also partly in what he can very easily be taken to be saying when his real meaning is subtly but significantly different .
others , however , would rather [remain/keep] that these charges have sometimes been exaggerated , but that they do highlight genuine dangers of which one ought to be aware in reading barth : dangers which lie partly in what he actually says , but also partly in what he can very easily be taken to be saying when his real meaning is subtly but significantly different .

Or are those on the right lines who maintain that Barth 's broad approach is correct and must be built upon , but at the same time opened up to permit more ‘ input ’ into theology from the natural and human sciences , as we shall find attempted , for example , by Moltmann and Torrance ?
or are those on the right lines who [remain/keep] that barth 's broad approach is correct and must be built upon , but at the same time opened up to permit more ‘ input ’ into theology from the natural and human sciences , as we shall find attempted , for example , by moltmann and torrance ?

Hauppauge , New York-based Standard Microsystems Corp is cutting the recommended retail price of its Token-Ring network adaptors to $400 from $600 , saying that using its own semiconductor technology makes it possible to cut prices while continuing to add features and maintain margins on the adaptors .
hauppauge , new york-based standard microsystems corp is cutting the recommended retail price of its token-ring network adaptors to $400 from $600 , saying that using its own semiconductor technology makes it possible to cut prices while continuing to add features and [remain/keep] margins on the adaptors .

Maintain a check on the nitrite reading .
[remain/keep] a check on the nitrite reading .

Ensure that your filtration and routine maintenance/water changes are designed to maintain an equilibrium i.e. steady conditions of water quality .
ensure that your filtration and routine maintenance/water changes are designed to [remain/keep] an equilibrium i.e. steady conditions of water quality .

This is a severe shock to your fish and certainly not a way to maintain equilibrium .
this is a severe shock to your fish and certainly not a way to [remain/keep] equilibrium .

The genus Cirrhilabrus embraces just such a highly colourful and generally-peaceful collection of species , often known as Fairy Wrasse , which keep to manageable sizes and maintain a radiant beauty throughout their lifetime .
the genus cirrhilabrus embraces just such a highly colourful and generally-peaceful collection of species , often known as fairy wrasse , which keep to manageable sizes and [remain/keep] a radiant beauty throughout their lifetime .

This C.rubriventralis is a male which , in the wild , will maintain a harem of females .
this c.rubriventralis is a male which , in the wild , will [remain/keep] a harem of females .

Mandler and Johnson ( 1977 ) maintain that such a linear sequence ( i.e .
mandler and johnson ( 1977 ) [remain/keep] that such a linear sequence ( i.e .

Sign interpreters can be seen to ‘ break down ’ under the stress of an increasing use of articulation to maintain the information in memory for it to be recalled and analysed .
sign interpreters can be seen to ‘ break down ’ under the stress of an increasing use of articulation to [remain/keep] the information in memory for it to be recalled and analysed .

Wood , Griffiths and Webster ( 1981 ) maintain that this development occurs in a radically different way , producing characteristic word and syntax errors .
wood , griffiths and webster ( 1981 ) [remain/keep] that this development occurs in a radically different way , producing characteristic word and syntax errors .

What is also clear is that no approach is simpler to use , to acquire , or to maintain , than any other ; teachers and parents need access and knowledge of as many varieties of signing as possible .
what is also clear is that no approach is simpler to use , to acquire , or to [remain/keep] , than any other ; teachers and parents need access and knowledge of as many varieties of signing as possible .

It can reduce your heating bills , since your home will waste less heat , and you can maintain the same internal temperatures without burning so much fuel .
it can reduce your heating bills , since your home will waste less heat , and you can [remain/keep] the same internal temperatures without burning so much fuel .

Thus it is almost impossible to define the typical primary school , for although every school staff would maintain that ‘ they are preparing children for their tomorrow , , the approaches adopted to achieve this end are as varied and idiosyncratic as the teachers themselves .
thus it is almost impossible to define the typical primary school , for although every school staff would [remain/keep] that ‘ they are preparing children for their tomorrow , , the approaches adopted to achieve this end are as varied and idiosyncratic as the teachers themselves .

Suffice it to say that it is likely to be difficult — if not impossible — for each school to maintain a balance of consultants .
suffice it to say that it is likely to be difficult — if not impossible — for each school to [remain/keep] a balance of consultants .

As right-wing politicians proclaim that the school curriculum must help children understand Britain 's ‘ place in the world ’ , the virtues of defence or popular capitalism , their left-wing counterparts maintain that schools should concern themselves with issues like the role of the police in contemporary society , homosexuality and the rights of cultural and ethnic minorities .
as right-wing politicians proclaim that the school curriculum must help children understand britain 's ‘ place in the world ’ , the virtues of defence or popular capitalism , their left-wing counterparts [remain/keep] that schools should concern themselves with issues like the role of the police in contemporary society , homosexuality and the rights of cultural and ethnic minorities .

Secondly , the high level operator will not maintain his skill and familiarity with the system unless he operates regularly within it .
secondly , the high level operator will not [remain/keep] his skill and familiarity with the system unless he operates regularly within it .

The operations staff include those who set it up , those who control it during operations , those who maintain it , and eventually those who have to dismantle it .
the operations staff include those who set it up , those who control it during operations , those who [remain/keep] it , and eventually those who have to dismantle it .

The danger here is that , although things may be pleasant for the workers , the incentive to work very hard is not so direct and it may not be possible to maintain a competitive position in comparison with the same industry in a developing country .
the danger here is that , although things may be pleasant for the workers , the incentive to work very hard is not so direct and it may not be possible to [remain/keep] a competitive position in comparison with the same industry in a developing country .

The labour force is becoming more like the military with the use of a limited age range and the screening out of anyone with any kind of disability who might not be able to work at a pace and with the flexibility and precision which will maintain the return on the very large capital investment .
the labour force is becoming more like the military with the use of a limited age range and the screening out of anyone with any kind of disability who might not be able to work at a pace and with the flexibility and precision which will [remain/keep] the return on the very large capital investment .

This also favoured multi-employer bargaining arrangements because , since the workforces of geographically-concentrated industries are likely to be subject to less variation in local labour market pressures , it was possible to establish and more easily maintain a meaningful wage structure for district , or higher level , employer groupings ( Beaumont et al .
this also favoured multi-employer bargaining arrangements because , since the workforces of geographically-concentrated industries are likely to be subject to less variation in local labour market pressures , it was possible to establish and more easily [remain/keep] a meaningful wage structure for district , or higher level , employer groupings ( beaumont et al .

Industry bargaining was also preferable to employers in Italy since it allowed their associations to maintain a tight control on bargaining activities whilst at the same time freeing the individual employer from direct impact with the union — yet giving him ample leeway to influence his employees from outside union channels ( Treu , 1981 ) .
industry bargaining was also preferable to employers in italy since it allowed their associations to [remain/keep] a tight control on bargaining activities whilst at the same time freeing the individual employer from direct impact with the union — yet giving him ample leeway to influence his employees from outside union channels ( treu , 1981 ) .

Here the interests of the workers cross occupational lines … [ and ] if their product must enter into competition with a substitute product made under cheaper working conditions , they will find it difficult to maintain or improve their own circumstances .
here the interests of the workers cross occupational lines … [ and ] if their product must enter into competition with a substitute product made under cheaper working conditions , they will find it difficult to [remain/keep] or improve their own circumstances .

In Italy , Cella and Treu ( 1982 ) maintain that the structure and initiatives of employers ' associations have tended to be a response to , rather than a determinant of , those of trade unions .
in italy , cella and treu ( 1982 ) [remain/keep] that the structure and initiatives of employers ' associations have tended to be a response to , rather than a determinant of , those of trade unions .

Claiming that Tyacke has paid too much attention to the academic debates of the university teachers and too little to the realities of parochial life , he asserted that throughout the period from 1529 to 1640 the English church was in essence a monarchical church whose leaders were primarily concerned to maintain stability by restricting controversy .
claiming that tyacke has paid too much attention to the academic debates of the university teachers and too little to the realities of parochial life , he asserted that throughout the period from 1529 to 1640 the english church was in essence a monarchical church whose leaders were primarily concerned to [remain/keep] stability by restricting controversy .

This alignment , designed by diplomats to maintain the balance of power and thus ensure peace in Europe , was in fact potentially inflammatory .
this alignment , designed by diplomats to [remain/keep] the balance of power and thus ensure peace in europe , was in fact potentially inflammatory .

Great Britain , bound by treaty to maintain Belgian independence , declared war on Germany when German troops crossed that country 's border .
great britain , bound by treaty to [remain/keep] belgian independence , declared war on germany when german troops crossed that country 's border .

Sir John Fisher , the First Sea Lord , was determined to maintain Great Britain 's supremacy and quickly grasped the potential of the design of a new warship , to be named Dreadnought .
sir john fisher , the first sea lord , was determined to [remain/keep] great britain 's supremacy and quickly grasped the potential of the design of a new warship , to be named dreadnought .

Although from about 10 June , troops were transferred southward to Brusilov 's aid , they could not be carried in sufficient numbers to provide the necessary support to maintain his attack or greatly to affect its outcome .
although from about 10 june , troops were transferred southward to brusilov 's aid , they could not be carried in sufficient numbers to provide the necessary support to [remain/keep] his attack or greatly to affect its outcome .

Buildings which are positioned on boundaries can also be difficult to maintain .
buildings which are positioned on boundaries can also be difficult to [remain/keep] .

Many produce yellow flowers , but these are best removed to maintain the foliage effect .
many produce yellow flowers , but these are best removed to [remain/keep] the foliage effect .

( No doubt , a future feminist biographer will revise our verdict on Elena Ceauşescu 's contributions to macro-molecular chemistry and maintain that far from plagiarizing Murgulescu and his colleagues , they tried to deny to a peasant woman the credit for her discoveries . )
( no doubt , a future feminist biographer will revise our verdict on elena ceauşescu 's contributions to macro-molecular chemistry and [remain/keep] that far from plagiarizing murgulescu and his colleagues , they tried to deny to a peasant woman the credit for her discoveries . )

Our task was to devise classroom practices which would maintain the imaginative developments of the 1960s while introducing more emphasis on craft and on the structures of language .
our task was to devise classroom practices which would [remain/keep] the imaginative developments of the 1960s while introducing more emphasis on craft and on the structures of language .

the confidence to maintain breadth , richness and variety , and to match these to the learner 's interests and direction ( i.e. to stimulate and challenge ) ,
the confidence to [remain/keep] breadth , richness and variety , and to match these to the learner 's interests and direction ( i.e. to stimulate and challenge ) ,

In England the desire for an ‘ English ’ tradition is said to hide a deep fear of our present multi-cultural society , a determination to maintain our present class structure , the hierarchies of power which give Oxbridge dons their privileged and cushioned existence .
in england the desire for an ‘ english ’ tradition is said to hide a deep fear of our present multi-cultural society , a determination to [remain/keep] our present class structure , the hierarchies of power which give oxbridge dons their privileged and cushioned existence .

This would preserve people 's ability to take payment method into account when choosing their jobs , and maintain the present guarantee for existing workers that their payment method can not be changed against their will .
this would preserve people 's ability to take payment method into account when choosing their jobs , and [remain/keep] the present guarantee for existing workers that their payment method can not be changed against their will .

At least one landing craft commander was for ‘ giving her the gun ’ to speed the tense minutes as they approached the enemy shore , but Lieutenant-Colonel John Durnford-Slater ( Commanding Officer of 3 Commando ) made him maintain a steady speed .
at least one landing craft commander was for ‘ giving her the gun ’ to speed the tense minutes as they approached the enemy shore , but lieutenant-colonel john durnford-slater ( commanding officer of 3 commando ) made him [remain/keep] a steady speed .

The time comes when under-shepherds will need to be appointed to maintain growth in numbers and quality .
the time comes when under-shepherds will need to be appointed to [remain/keep] growth in numbers and quality .

The need to build an adequate base is not only relevant to the pioneer missionary situation , but also to many run-down , inner city locations — only here the problems are even greater because of a history of decline , premises which are impossible to maintain in good order and totally unsuitable for the task in hand , and demands made upon inadequate resources by the needy people in the community and overstretched social services trying to meet their needs .
the need to build an adequate base is not only relevant to the pioneer missionary situation , but also to many run-down , inner city locations — only here the problems are even greater because of a history of decline , premises which are impossible to [remain/keep] in good order and totally unsuitable for the task in hand , and demands made upon inadequate resources by the needy people in the community and overstretched social services trying to meet their needs .

The local authority had provided half the capital for the dual purpose church and the salary for a youth leader , so the church had obligations to maintain the club open despite continuous vandalism and verbal abuse directed at the elderly people , who became understandably reluctant to attend church .
the local authority had provided half the capital for the dual purpose church and the salary for a youth leader , so the church had obligations to [remain/keep] the club open despite continuous vandalism and verbal abuse directed at the elderly people , who became understandably reluctant to attend church .

It needs vision to foresee what the finished product will look like , but it also needs skill , to set the process in motion and maintain it with economy of effort .
it needs vision to foresee what the finished product will look like , but it also needs skill , to set the process in motion and [remain/keep] it with economy of effort .

Women 's efforts to create and maintain a home are found in all cultures , and it is these efforts that the Lady of the Hearth represents .
women 's efforts to create and [remain/keep] a home are found in all cultures , and it is these efforts that the lady of the hearth represents .

Keeping a steady blaze is akin to the way in which women generate and maintain emotional energy .
keeping a steady blaze is akin to the way in which women generate and [remain/keep] emotional energy .

1.3 Neither nor any of its subsidiaries , officers , agents or employees shall directly or indirectly seek customers , establish branches , maintain distribution depots or promote or sell in any way the Licensed Software in the Agreed Territories during the continuance of this Agreement .
1.3 neither nor any of its subsidiaries , officers , agents or employees shall directly or indirectly seek customers , establish branches , [remain/keep] distribution depots or promote or sell in any way the licensed software in the agreed territories during the continuance of this agreement .

11.3 shall maintain proper identification records of licensed end-users .
11.3 shall [remain/keep] proper identification records of licensed end-users .

In the event of such disclosure will obtain from such third parties ' duly binding agreements to maintain in confidence the information to be disclosed to the same extent at least as is so bound hereunder .
in the event of such disclosure will obtain from such third parties ' duly binding agreements to [remain/keep] in confidence the information to be disclosed to the same extent at least as is so bound hereunder .

3.8 acknowledges to that the Trade Marks are and always have been the property of and that this agreement is made with full knowledge of the need of to support 's efforts to Register and Maintain the Trade Marks to avoid Trade Mark confusion in the Territory and elsewhere in order that the Trade Marks shall continue to be viable and valuable assets of .
3.8 acknowledges to that the trade marks are and always have been the property of and that this agreement is made with full knowledge of the need of to support 's efforts to register and [remain/keep] the trade marks to avoid trade mark confusion in the territory and elsewhere in order that the trade marks shall continue to be viable and valuable assets of .

Casual labour from East London had shown little evidence of an ability to construct and maintain stable forms of resistance ( this is taken up in Chapter 5 ) .
casual labour from east london had shown little evidence of an ability to construct and [remain/keep] stable forms of resistance ( this is taken up in chapter 5 ) .

Labour may not have been able to maintain control of the municipal sphere for a prolonged period , but it had built a strong tradition of formal political activity which was to form the basis of hegemonic power in the interwar years .
labour may not have been able to [remain/keep] control of the municipal sphere for a prolonged period , but it had built a strong tradition of formal political activity which was to form the basis of hegemonic power in the interwar years .

The recession had no discernible consequences for the ability of Labour and its supporters to maintain political work .
the recession had no discernible consequences for the ability of labour and its supporters to [remain/keep] political work .

Nothing looks more lamentably depressing than shelves sagging wearily in the middle , with decent books struggling to maintain a dignified upright posture .
nothing looks more lamentably depressing than shelves sagging wearily in the middle , with decent books struggling to [remain/keep] a dignified upright posture .

Elites always try to rationalize their rule , both to themselves and to maintain the masses in a quiescent condition , using ‘ political formulae ’ or other modes of self-justification ( Mosca , 1939 ; Weber , 1968 ) .
elites always try to rationalize their rule , both to themselves and to [remain/keep] the masses in a quiescent condition , using ‘ political formulae ’ or other modes of self-justification ( mosca , 1939 ; weber , 1968 ) .

At a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .
at a minimum , state elites must [remain/keep] this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .

In particular , the myth of top-level political control over state decision-making is one which it is vital for incumbent presidents or premiers to maintain in order to reassure the mass public that someone is ‘ running the show ’ , and that ‘ the show ’ is still capable of being run coherently .
in particular , the myth of top-level political control over state decision-making is one which it is vital for incumbent presidents or premiers to [remain/keep] in order to reassure the mass public that someone is ‘ running the show ’ , and that ‘ the show ’ is still capable of being run coherently .

In return , national elites channel public funding and economic development to ensure that local notables have the resources to maintain their political role effectively .
in return , national elites channel public funding and economic development to ensure that local notables have the resources to [remain/keep] their political role effectively .

Elected or unelected public officials can normally maintain and strengthen their support in society , alter the attitudes of opponents , and neutralize , weaken or instill uncertainty amongst their enemies .
elected or unelected public officials can normally [remain/keep] and strengthen their support in society , alter the attitudes of opponents , and neutralize , weaken or instill uncertainty amongst their enemies .

When these conflicts reach a crisis point , existing dominant groups always fight to maintain the anachronistic form of social organization .
when these conflicts reach a crisis point , existing dominant groups always fight to [remain/keep] the anachronistic form of social organization .

State policy is instead set by the impersonal logic which drives government in a capitalist society to develop the economic base and coercively maintain social stability .
state policy is instead set by the impersonal logic which drives government in a capitalist society to develop the economic base and coercively [remain/keep] social stability .

Manual workers in Western democracies are thoroughly co-opted into the exploitative international trade relations by which multi-national corporations and Western states maintain the dependent position of less developed countries on which the prosperity of advanced capitalism is based .
manual workers in western democracies are thoroughly co-opted into the exploitative international trade relations by which multi-national corporations and western states [remain/keep] the dependent position of less developed countries on which the prosperity of advanced capitalism is based .

However , there are also a number of powerful non-state influences which maintain quiescence and acceptance of capitalist dominance .
however , there are also a number of powerful non-state influences which [remain/keep] quiescence and acceptance of capitalist dominance .

First , workers as the majority group in the electorate might rationally choose to maintain capitalism , not because they are duped by the dominant ideology but because their individual interests are better met under redistributive capitalism than through a painful transition to socialism , which could only conceivably deliver net benefits in the very long run .
first , workers as the majority group in the electorate might rationally choose to [remain/keep] capitalism , not because they are duped by the dominant ideology but because their individual interests are better met under redistributive capitalism than through a painful transition to socialism , which could only conceivably deliver net benefits in the very long run .

Alternatively , socialist parties can maintain their ideology intact , keeping the class ready for a revolutionary opportunity but see their support possibly dwindle to restrictive ‘ ghetto ’ status .
alternatively , socialist parties can [remain/keep] their ideology intact , keeping the class ready for a revolutionary opportunity but see their support possibly dwindle to restrictive ‘ ghetto ’ status .

Marx and Engels ' arbiter model of the state suggested that if class forces in society were for a time evenly balanced , then the state bureaucracy and a strong political — military leader could intervene to impose stabilizing policies which were not controllable by capital , although they would be bound to maintain capitalist predominance in economic life .
marx and engels ' arbiter model of the state suggested that if class forces in society were for a time evenly balanced , then the state bureaucracy and a strong political — military leader could intervene to impose stabilizing policies which were not controllable by capital , although they would be bound to [remain/keep] capitalist predominance in economic life .

In particular , they saw the function of the British fascists as providing stewards for Conservative party meetings to help maintain free speech and law and order .
in particular , they saw the function of the british fascists as providing stewards for conservative party meetings to help [remain/keep] free speech and law and order .

Their primary purpose is the conservative one of helping to sustain and maintain the existing order of things .
their primary purpose is the conservative one of helping to sustain and [remain/keep] the existing order of things .

The Zande in effect maintain the pretence that people should never die ; mortality , which they lament , they ascribe to witchcraft .
the zande in effect [remain/keep] the pretence that people should never die ; mortality , which they lament , they ascribe to witchcraft .

The Zande , however , are more honest and uncompromising : they do not dodge the issue since they maintain that accidents never happen .
the zande , however , are more honest and uncompromising : they do not dodge the issue since they [remain/keep] that accidents never happen .

In general the Zande stoutly maintain that witches are conscious agents .
in general the zande stoutly [remain/keep] that witches are conscious agents .

By ascribing unjustified adversity to the malice of witches , the Lugbara are able to maintain their central doctrine that the ancestors are just and good .
by ascribing unjustified adversity to the malice of witches , the lugbara are able to [remain/keep] their central doctrine that the ancestors are just and good .

Punishment affords them little pleasure and they seek to maintain an untarnished image of uncompromised benevolence .
punishment affords them little pleasure and they seek to [remain/keep] an untarnished image of uncompromised benevolence .

He puts great emphasis on the difficulties of prediction , and urges that where there are rules to which people do in fact adhere for the most part , and which help maintain the social stability required for any kind of good to flourish , we are likely to come nearest to doing what is objectively right ( in terms of its actual consequences ) if we also stick to the rules , but that where the rules , however useful they would be if generally obeyed , are widely flouted we should make a direct judgement of what will have the best consequences .
he puts great emphasis on the difficulties of prediction , and urges that where there are rules to which people do in fact adhere for the most part , and which help [remain/keep] the social stability required for any kind of good to flourish , we are likely to come nearest to doing what is objectively right ( in terms of its actual consequences ) if we also stick to the rules , but that where the rules , however useful they would be if generally obeyed , are widely flouted we should make a direct judgement of what will have the best consequences .

Finally , ‘ special attention was paid to staff training ’ in order to ‘ keep staff up to date , maintain interest and motivation ’ .
finally , ‘ special attention was paid to staff training ’ in order to ‘ keep staff up to date , [remain/keep] interest and motivation ’ .

If the objective of his policy had been to maintain a balance of power by opposing the strongest nation in Europe , he was no doubt picking the wrong enemy ; France was the rising power , and later in the century English policy was devoted to holding her in check .
if the objective of his policy had been to [remain/keep] a balance of power by opposing the strongest nation in europe , he was no doubt picking the wrong enemy ; france was the rising power , and later in the century english policy was devoted to holding her in check .

The government had been thinking about ways for the administration to maintain some degree of control over the colonies since the mid-1650s ; in 1675 Charles set up the first organization to establish any record of continuity , a sign that his possessions overseas were settling down into some sort of discernible order .
the government had been thinking about ways for the administration to [remain/keep] some degree of control over the colonies since the mid-1650s ; in 1675 charles set up the first organization to establish any record of continuity , a sign that his possessions overseas were settling down into some sort of discernible order .

This whole area had blossomed as a great region for settlement , in which the Spanish language was steadily being forced upon the survivors of the original population and to which Spanish emigrants went out as regular reinforcements to maintain the conquests of Cones and Pizzano .
this whole area had blossomed as a great region for settlement , in which the spanish language was steadily being forced upon the survivors of the original population and to which spanish emigrants went out as regular reinforcements to [remain/keep] the conquests of cones and pizzano .

The governors of royal colonies , appointed by the king , were expected to maintain a rather dignified and aloof attitude and it was thought that they might find it hard to do this if they had lived in the colony as subordinates or as private citizens in the past .
the governors of royal colonies , appointed by the king , were expected to [remain/keep] a rather dignified and aloof attitude and it was thought that they might find it hard to do this if they had lived in the colony as subordinates or as private citizens in the past .

When a colony was launched as the property of a single owner he , or one of his family , might go out to oversee the administration but he was unlikely to cut his links with England , if only because it was important to be able to maintain the court favour which was part of the political strength needed by anyone who wanted to run a colony on his own .
when a colony was launched as the property of a single owner he , or one of his family , might go out to oversee the administration but he was unlikely to cut his links with england , if only because it was important to be able to [remain/keep] the court favour which was part of the political strength needed by anyone who wanted to run a colony on his own .

In the 1740s the French in India would have been happy enough to ignore the war in Europe and remain neutral , as they had done during earlier European wars , mainly because previous emperors could maintain the peace .
in the 1740s the french in india would have been happy enough to ignore the war in europe and remain neutral , as they had done during earlier european wars , mainly because previous emperors could [remain/keep] the peace .

In contrast , local newspapers tend to take cases much less selectively and on occasions will continue to maintain interest in a case which seems unconnected with any other .
in contrast , local newspapers tend to take cases much less selectively and on occasions will continue to [remain/keep] interest in a case which seems unconnected with any other .

So , similarly to the press , the police can proclaim their interest in solving the alleged crime but , if they are unsuccessful , the development of a sex fiend theme will enable the police to maintain resources in a particular area of investigation .
so , similarly to the press , the police can proclaim their interest in solving the alleged crime but , if they are unsuccessful , the development of a sex fiend theme will enable the police to [remain/keep] resources in a particular area of investigation .

The police do not maintain a highly expensive investigation , while the press — with no new dimensions emerging — consider the boredom factor of their readers .
the police do not [remain/keep] a highly expensive investigation , while the press — with no new dimensions emerging — consider the boredom factor of their readers .

If an investigation is failing to produce results , it is , of course , not in the best interests of either police or press to maintain a high profile in such cases .
if an investigation is failing to produce results , it is , of course , not in the best interests of either police or press to [remain/keep] a high profile in such cases .

Whether this is generally true or not is not strictly relevant to attempts to heighten or maintain interest in a case .
whether this is generally true or not is not strictly relevant to attempts to heighten or [remain/keep] interest in a case .

Bruce added : ‘ Our major task was the retubing of both Thomas Bach and Una which we maintain on behalf of the museum .
bruce added : ‘ our major task was the retubing of both thomas bach and una which we [remain/keep] on behalf of the museum .

Preference will be given to applicants with some experience in consulting for industry , government or international organisations , and the successful applicant will be expected to maintain an active interest in consulting in these areas .
preference will be given to applicants with some experience in consulting for industry , government or international organisations , and the successful applicant will be expected to [remain/keep] an active interest in consulting in these areas .

Preservation may have its place , but technical advancements must take precedence to maintain high standards of service and reliability in the harsh environment experienced on the mountain .
preservation may have its place , but technical advancements must take precedence to [remain/keep] high standards of service and reliability in the harsh environment experienced on the mountain .

Financing of the restoration of 731566 is privately funded at present although the projects can not necessarily rely solely on such means to maintain momentum in the longer term .
financing of the restoration of 731566 is privately funded at present although the projects can not necessarily rely solely on such means to [remain/keep] momentum in the longer term .

Teaching sessions on a withdrawal basis may be frequently timetabled and , although these are usually helpful to the pupil mastering basic skills or concepts , they should be monitored carefully in order to maintain the balance of the curriculum .
teaching sessions on a withdrawal basis may be frequently timetabled and , although these are usually helpful to the pupil mastering basic skills or concepts , they should be monitored carefully in order to [remain/keep] the balance of the curriculum .

The lenses will be as small and thin as possible and fit as loosely as appropriate in order to maintain the health of the eyes .
the lenses will be as small and thin as possible and fit as loosely as appropriate in order to [remain/keep] the health of the eyes .

The need to store and maintain specialised equipment in good condition is a problem that has to be faced by schools accepting pupils who need to use these in order to fulfil their special educational needs .
the need to store and [remain/keep] specialised equipment in good condition is a problem that has to be faced by schools accepting pupils who need to use these in order to fulfil their special educational needs .

Keeping braillers , typewriters and even magnifiers in their cases , or at least under covers when not in use , helps to maintain them in good condition , since dust and grime can cause damaged surfaces .
keeping braillers , typewriters and even magnifiers in their cases , or at least under covers when not in use , helps to [remain/keep] them in good condition , since dust and grime can cause damaged surfaces .

For all that the teacher can do to promote acceptance , it will ultimately be the shared interest and enthusiasm of pupils that help them to form and maintain friendship .
for all that the teacher can do to promote acceptance , it will ultimately be the shared interest and enthusiasm of pupils that help them to form and [remain/keep] friendship .

They just do n't maintain them .
they just do n't [remain/keep] them .

No sooner had this year 's tournament finished , than work began on the £10m octagonal shaped 14,000 seater stadium , which will have giant palm trees growing through the stairways to help maintain the distinctive flavour of South Florida .
no sooner had this year 's tournament finished , than work began on the £10m octagonal shaped 14,000 seater stadium , which will have giant palm trees growing through the stairways to help [remain/keep] the distinctive flavour of south florida .

Among the looting and fighting a lot of the villagers had managed to maintain their traditional systems for support .
among the looting and fighting a lot of the villagers had managed to [remain/keep] their traditional systems for support .

One of the major problems is that the dog feels insecure in the water because it can not maintain its grip properly on the base of the bath .
one of the major problems is that the dog feels insecure in the water because it can not [remain/keep] its grip properly on the base of the bath .

On occasions however , some individuals that are particularly fussy about their food may require encouragement to maintain their appetite in a strange place .
on occasions however , some individuals that are particularly fussy about their food may require encouragement to [remain/keep] their appetite in a strange place .

The 1940s and 1950s saw a great number of ethnographic studies in the British functionalist and structural — functionalist modes , whereby social institutions were analysed in terms of how they maintain the status quo of the particular society .
the 1940s and 1950s saw a great number of ethnographic studies in the british functionalist and structural — functionalist modes , whereby social institutions were analysed in terms of how they [remain/keep] the status quo of the particular society .

In other words , paradoxically , feuding has a place in society to maintain the status quo .
in other words , paradoxically , feuding has a place in society to [remain/keep] the status quo .

But in a highly stratified , caste-like society like Bali with a complex division of labour it is understandably difficult to maintain the Chewong-like idea of peaceful interaction between individuals .
but in a highly stratified , caste-like society like bali with a complex division of labour it is understandably difficult to [remain/keep] the chewong-like idea of peaceful interaction between individuals .

In contrast , Piaroa minimize gender differences and maintain the same normative code of non-violent behaviour for both males and females .
in contrast , piaroa minimize gender differences and [remain/keep] the same normative code of non-violent behaviour for both males and females .

The mental community formed by adult mediums in collective seances must then add its protection and control to the souls of the vulnerable old and young to maintain the peace and order within the community as a whole .
the mental community formed by adult mediums in collective seances must then add its protection and control to the souls of the vulnerable old and young to [remain/keep] the peace and order within the community as a whole .

At the same time it was essential to maintain the goodwill of enthusiasts whose voluntary support they intended to use .
at the same time it was essential to [remain/keep] the goodwill of enthusiasts whose voluntary support they intended to use .

This difference in size between the sexes has evolved because males have to fight in order to obtain and maintain a harem , and bigger males are better fighters .
this difference in size between the sexes has evolved because males have to fight in order to obtain and [remain/keep] a harem , and bigger males are better fighters .

Warts , do we say ? Are those hive cities mere pimples ? Indeed they are — from the perspective of a food barge approaching that orb from deep space ; or from the viewpoint of an incoming transport ship belonging to the Imperial Fists Space Marines , who maintain a fortress-monastery in the Palatine hive on Necromunda …
warts , do we say ? are those hive cities mere pimples ? indeed they are — from the perspective of a food barge approaching that orb from deep space ; or from the viewpoint of an incoming transport ship belonging to the imperial fists space marines , who [remain/keep] a fortress-monastery in the palatine hive on necromunda …

Though utterly distant from his own life , he was nevertheless aware from the confusing gossip of his elders that Marines did maintain a fortress-monastery in a spire of the Palatine .
though utterly distant from his own life , he was nevertheless aware from the confusing gossip of his elders that marines did [remain/keep] a fortress-monastery in a spire of the palatine .

When the star had exhausted its nuclear fuel , there would be nothing to maintain the outward pressure , and the star would begin to collapse because of its own gravity .
when the star had exhausted its nuclear fuel , there would be nothing to [remain/keep] the outward pressure , and the star would begin to collapse because of its own gravity .

The American word ‘ normalization ’ is now used increasingly in official planning documents to describe the concept , as far as possible , of providing services in ways which maintain mentally disordered people in , or return them to , ‘ as normal a life as possible ’ .
the american word ‘ normalization ’ is now used increasingly in official planning documents to describe the concept , as far as possible , of providing services in ways which [remain/keep] mentally disordered people in , or return them to , ‘ as normal a life as possible ’ .

Shelter , food , clothing and protection from physical harm are the basic essentials of life , and personal care to maintain cleanliness and health , and domestic care to maintain a clean and safe living environment , are minimal necessities .
shelter , food , clothing and protection from physical harm are the basic essentials of life , and personal care to [remain/keep] cleanliness and health , and domestic care to [remain/keep] a clean and safe living environment , are minimal necessities .

Such ventures , however , left out those who were most disturbed or withdrawn and hence who found it most difficult to work ; these were left to idle their time away on the wards , and it was always a struggle to find sufficient financial investment in equipment and raw materials to establish and maintain occupational ventures .
such ventures , however , left out those who were most disturbed or withdrawn and hence who found it most difficult to work ; these were left to idle their time away on the wards , and it was always a struggle to find sufficient financial investment in equipment and raw materials to establish and [remain/keep] occupational ventures .

Most businesses rely on two complementary forces to ensure that they maintain and raise their standards .
most businesses rely on two complementary forces to ensure that they [remain/keep] and raise their standards .

Mental health services and indeed all ‘ human care ’ services could learn a lot from the more successful service businesses on how to maintain quality of services in multiple remote locations .
mental health services and indeed all ‘ human care ’ services could learn a lot from the more successful service businesses on how to [remain/keep] quality of services in multiple remote locations .

In view of the fact that the methods of obtaining suitable labour may be time-consuming , it is preferable and more efficient to maintain a detailed register of labour-only sub-contractors . The register could be sub-divided into trades and provide details of : sub-contractor 's name , address and telephone number
in view of the fact that the methods of obtaining suitable labour may be time-consuming , it is preferable and more efficient to [remain/keep] a detailed register of labour-only sub-contractors . the register could be sub-divided into trades and provide details of : sub-contractor 's name , address and telephone number

The sub-contractor should be required to maintain safe working conditions on the site and to operate within the current safety legislation .
the sub-contractor should be required to [remain/keep] safe working conditions on the site and to operate within the current safety legislation .

Whichever method of measurement is adopted it is essential that the surveyor achieves the following : ( a ) That the weekly measurement is sufficiently accurate to maintain a good working relationship with the subcontractor .
whichever method of measurement is adopted it is essential that the surveyor achieves the following : ( a ) that the weekly measurement is sufficiently accurate to [remain/keep] a good working relationship with the subcontractor .

( c ) Maintain continuity of employment throughout the working day and between one project and the next .
( c ) [remain/keep] continuity of employment throughout the working day and between one project and the next .

In order to maintain morale , or avoid loss of the labour force , or through other motives , management may make an ex-gratia or ’ policy ’ bonus payment , thus destroying the cost-effectiveness of the scheme .
in order to [remain/keep] morale , or avoid loss of the labour force , or through other motives , management may make an ex-gratia or ’ policy ’ bonus payment , thus destroying the cost-effectiveness of the scheme .

This is particularly the case where builders do not maintain a stores department or utilise a yard , and in fact many builders function only on the basis of direct delivery from the builders ' merchant to the site .
this is particularly the case where builders do not [remain/keep] a stores department or utilise a yard , and in fact many builders function only on the basis of direct delivery from the builders ' merchant to the site .

Nevertheless , some builders do maintain their own stores , particularly when the company is engaged in small works .
nevertheless , some builders do [remain/keep] their own stores , particularly when the company is engaged in small works .

Many builders do not consider it financially viable to maintain a stock of materials at a yard .
many builders do not consider it financially viable to [remain/keep] a stock of materials at a yard .

Perhaps one of the most significant contributory factors is the failure of builders to maintain adequate written records of business transactions .
perhaps one of the most significant contributory factors is the failure of builders to [remain/keep] adequate written records of business transactions .

The objective of a company taking advantage of these provisions , therefore , is to conceal as much of its activities as possible from the outside world and therefore maintain a degree of confidentiality .
the objective of a company taking advantage of these provisions , therefore , is to conceal as much of its activities as possible from the outside world and therefore [remain/keep] a degree of confidentiality .

He tried to maintain a friendly , businesslike relationship with her , keeping his love for her out of sight , until the right moment came to propose again .
he tried to [remain/keep] a friendly , businesslike relationship with her , keeping his love for her out of sight , until the right moment came to propose again .

The literature on strategic entry deterrence has analysed how firms may be able to use sunk costs to maintain dominant positions ( Gilbert , 1989 ; Sutton , 1991 ) .
the literature on strategic entry deterrence has analysed how firms may be able to use sunk costs to [remain/keep] dominant positions ( gilbert , 1989 ; sutton , 1991 ) .

Therefore , we would wish to maintain the scope for competition policy authorities to propose structural remedies , e.g .
therefore , we would wish to [remain/keep] the scope for competition policy authorities to propose structural remedies , e.g .

They maintain that the power of the House is sanctioned by ‘ the People ’ .
they [remain/keep] that the power of the house is sanctioned by ‘ the people ’ .

If Ben took drugs to maintain his mental stability there was little he , Li Shai Tung , could do about it .
if ben took drugs to [remain/keep] his mental stability there was little he , li shai tung , could do about it .

The Mazda text illustrates that , quite apart from any considerations of grammaticality , it is necessary to take account of thematic structure and to maintain a coherent point of view in any act of communication .
the mazda text illustrates that , quite apart from any considerations of grammaticality , it is necessary to take account of thematic structure and to [remain/keep] a coherent point of view in any act of communication .

If the translator wishes to maintain this thematic organization and , at the same time , adhere to an obligatory order of subject + verb in the target language , nominalization could probably provide a good strategy in many contexts .
if the translator wishes to [remain/keep] this thematic organization and , at the same time , adhere to an obligatory order of subject + verb in the target language , nominalization could probably provide a good strategy in many contexts .

The heightened sense of distinctiveness which results from these conditions is likely to be marked by strenuous efforts to maintain linguistic distinctiveness .
the heightened sense of distinctiveness which results from these conditions is likely to be marked by strenuous efforts to [remain/keep] linguistic distinctiveness .

Ethnicity is not , however , always marked by linguistic distinctiveness , Labov 's work with Italian and Jewish speakers in New York City shows that such distinctiveness may persist for several generations , or conversely may disappear with the first generation of native-born speakers who nevertheless maintain a strong sense of ethnicity ( Labov 1972b : 281 ) .
ethnicity is not , however , always marked by linguistic distinctiveness , labov 's work with italian and jewish speakers in new york city shows that such distinctiveness may persist for several generations , or conversely may disappear with the first generation of native-born speakers who nevertheless [remain/keep] a strong sense of ethnicity ( labov 1972b : 281 ) .

Similarly , political conditions in Northern Ireland serve to maintain a powerful sense of ethnic distinctiveness which is marked in a number of culturally codified ways ( Larsen 1982 : 135 ) ; but these do not appear to include systematic linguistic differences .
similarly , political conditions in northern ireland serve to [remain/keep] a powerful sense of ethnic distinctiveness which is marked in a number of culturally codified ways ( larsen 1982 : 135 ) ; but these do not appear to include systematic linguistic differences .

Protestants and Catholics certainly see themselves as different peoples with different histories , and for the most part maintain different cultural traditions .
protestants and catholics certainly see themselves as different peoples with different histories , and for the most part [remain/keep] different cultural traditions .

Schmidt explains the group 's ability to maintain this very homogeneous mixed code , the norms of which are apparently pragmatically determined , in terms of the capacity of closeknit networks to exert normative pressures upon individuals .
schmidt explains the group 's ability to [remain/keep] this very homogeneous mixed code , the norms of which are apparently pragmatically determined , in terms of the capacity of closeknit networks to exert normative pressures upon individuals .

If his mind was too restless to maintain any hold on the spiritual , then did n't he have something far more immediate to face up to rather than to be wallowing in daily bouts of nostalgia ?
if his mind was too restless to [remain/keep] any hold on the spiritual , then did n't he have something far more immediate to face up to rather than to be wallowing in daily bouts of nostalgia ?

But Conservative MPs are much less easy to classify , they have fewer dogmatic positions to maintain and their criticisms of their own party 's policies are therefore much less easy to dismiss in this way .
but conservative mps are much less easy to classify , they have fewer dogmatic positions to [remain/keep] and their criticisms of their own party 's policies are therefore much less easy to dismiss in this way .

In these three main ways expenditure in the social services helps to maintain full employment , private profit and economic growth .
in these three main ways expenditure in the social services helps to [remain/keep] full employment , private profit and economic growth .

The assumption behind the Bacon and Eltis thesis is that only industrial production can maintain and improve the standard of living in the country .
the assumption behind the bacon and eltis thesis is that only industrial production can [remain/keep] and improve the standard of living in the country .

Thus when direct taxes are increased , they reduce people 's net incomes — the income effect — with the result that people have to work harder if they want to maintain , let alone improve , their standard of living .
thus when direct taxes are increased , they reduce people 's net incomes — the income effect — with the result that people have to work harder if they want to [remain/keep] , let alone improve , their standard of living .

The plaintiff seeks an interim or interlocutory injunction , being an order of the court requiring the defendant to desist from his action in order to maintain the status quo until its legality or illegality can be determined at a subsequent trial .
the plaintiff seeks an interim or interlocutory injunction , being an order of the court requiring the defendant to desist from his action in order to [remain/keep] the status quo until its legality or illegality can be determined at a subsequent trial .

If the conflicts have been most evident in direct cultural production , they have been most complex and most general in the crucial formative area of education , where the direct controls of established institutions of reproduction have been easier to maintain , largely because the influence of market forces has been very much less relevant , and the only major factor of asymmetry has been the ( always practically weaker ) claim of professional and cultural independence .
if the conflicts have been most evident in direct cultural production , they have been most complex and most general in the crucial formative area of education , where the direct controls of established institutions of reproduction have been easier to [remain/keep] , largely because the influence of market forces has been very much less relevant , and the only major factor of asymmetry has been the ( always practically weaker ) claim of professional and cultural independence .

He handed over to poor Sir Alec Douglas-Home a party legacy of dwindling popularity , and although that amiable and resolute character fought with vigour and gallantry to maintain his position , the tide had sufficiently turned to abandon him gently on the beach , leaving Harold Wilson afloat in waters so shallow that the most gentle paddle hit the sand .
he handed over to poor sir alec douglas-home a party legacy of dwindling popularity , and although that amiable and resolute character fought with vigour and gallantry to [remain/keep] his position , the tide had sufficiently turned to abandon him gently on the beach , leaving harold wilson afloat in waters so shallow that the most gentle paddle hit the sand .

These were the Jews who helped maintain the camp and who , like Wolski , had by luck and chance avoided the death that fell upon the majority of the 250,000 Jews who came to Sobibor .
these were the jews who helped [remain/keep] the camp and who , like wolski , had by luck and chance avoided the death that fell upon the majority of the 250,000 jews who came to sobibor .

There are many farmers , possibly a majority , who recognize that farm workers deserve higher pay , but they resolutely maintain that they can not afford to grant it .
there are many farmers , possibly a majority , who recognize that farm workers deserve higher pay , but they resolutely [remain/keep] that they can not afford to grant it .

For the farm worker may regard his dependence upon his employer as being mitigated by the increasingly close and harmonious relationship which the two sides maintain .
for the farm worker may regard his dependence upon his employer as being mitigated by the increasingly close and harmonious relationship which the two sides [remain/keep] .

The possession of a car enables them to maintain social contacts with their friends elsewhere , and if necessary , to make use of urban amenities while living in the countryside .
the possession of a car enables them to [remain/keep] social contacts with their friends elsewhere , and if necessary , to make use of urban amenities while living in the countryside .

The burden of this increasing sense of isolation has fallen particularly heavily upon those members of the rural population who lack the means of personal mobility to maintain a more dispersed network of social contacts .
the burden of this increasing sense of isolation has fallen particularly heavily upon those members of the rural population who lack the means of personal mobility to [remain/keep] a more dispersed network of social contacts .

The relevant pressure groups maintain their vigilance , but during the 1970s the changes in the rural landscape , especially in the lowlands , have become much more visible and have certainly received much more publicity .
the relevant pressure groups [remain/keep] their vigilance , but during the 1970s the changes in the rural landscape , especially in the lowlands , have become much more visible and have certainly received much more publicity .

Some wanted to maintain long-term friendships , having known each other from school or college .
some wanted to [remain/keep] long-term friendships , having known each other from school or college .

Some advocates of corporate social responsibility ( the term is deeply ambiguous , as will be seen in Chapter 9 ) maintain that companies should allow their decisions to be influenced not only by profit , but also by social policy factors .
some advocates of corporate social responsibility ( the term is deeply ambiguous , as will be seen in chapter 9 ) [remain/keep] that companies should allow their decisions to be influenced not only by profit , but also by social policy factors .

Waldron refers to a justification of property along these lines as a right-based argument for private property , which he defines as ‘ an argument which takes an individual interest to be sufficiently important in itself to justify holding others ( especially the government ) to be under duties to create , secure , maintain , or respect an institution of private property ’ .
waldron refers to a justification of property along these lines as a right-based argument for private property , which he defines as ‘ an argument which takes an individual interest to be sufficiently important in itself to justify holding others ( especially the government ) to be under duties to create , secure , [remain/keep] , or respect an institution of private property ’ .

( 1 ) Legitimacy involves the capacity of the system to engender and maintain the belief that the existing political institutions are the most appropriate ones for the Society .
( 1 ) legitimacy involves the capacity of the system to engender and [remain/keep] the belief that the existing political institutions are the most appropriate ones for the society .

Force can bring political power into being but can not maintain it .
force can bring political power into being but can not [remain/keep] it .

What the addition of democracy to the liberal state did was simply to provide constitutional channels for popular pressures , pressures to which governments would have had to yield in about the same measure anyway , merely to maintain public order and avoid revolution .
what the addition of democracy to the liberal state did was simply to provide constitutional channels for popular pressures , pressures to which governments would have had to yield in about the same measure anyway , merely to [remain/keep] public order and avoid revolution .

The judges , even in this , their very own field of creative endeavour , have accepted , in the interests of certainty , the self-denying ordinance of ‘ stare decisis , ’ the doctrine of binding precedent : and no doubt this judicially imposed limitation on judicial law-making has helped to maintain confidence in the certainty and evenhandedness of the law .
the judges , even in this , their very own field of creative endeavour , have accepted , in the interests of certainty , the self-denying ordinance of ‘ stare decisis , ’ the doctrine of binding precedent : and no doubt this judicially imposed limitation on judicial law-making has helped to [remain/keep] confidence in the certainty and evenhandedness of the law .

The wide variety of music used in these helps churches to maintain and improve standards .
the wide variety of music used in these helps churches to [remain/keep] and improve standards .

Where a new instrument is required , it is now common to install a small tracker-action pipe organ rather than an over-large romantic one which is costly to maintain .
where a new instrument is required , it is now common to install a small tracker-action pipe organ rather than an over-large romantic one which is costly to [remain/keep] .

Some of them , however , maintain the fine choral tradition which has produced many church musicians and the recent admission of girls into those which were formerly all-male establishments could well encourage the development of careers for women in church music .
some of them , however , [remain/keep] the fine choral tradition which has produced many church musicians and the recent admission of girls into those which were formerly all-male establishments could well encourage the development of careers for women in church music .

It has the advantage of being in the context of a ‘ normal ’ worshipping congregation , where it is possible to develop and maintain the vital art of good relationships between clergy , organist and choir .
it has the advantage of being in the context of a ‘ normal ’ worshipping congregation , where it is possible to develop and [remain/keep] the vital art of good relationships between clergy , organist and choir .

This initiative is perhaps most needed in those very small congregations where there are few musical resources , and where the inability to maintain the ‘ traditional ’ style of music has led to near-despair .
this initiative is perhaps most needed in those very small congregations where there are few musical resources , and where the inability to [remain/keep] the ‘ traditional ’ style of music has led to near-despair .

This is the more necessary , the Commission believes , at a time when the bias in schools has shifted towards instrumental music and composition , although a fair number of state secondary and senior independent schools continue to maintain a strong tradition of choral singing .
this is the more necessary , the commission believes , at a time when the bias in schools has shifted towards instrumental music and composition , although a fair number of state secondary and senior independent schools continue to [remain/keep] a strong tradition of choral singing .

That schools be encouraged both to maintain their choral tradition and to liaise with local church musicians , in order to agree on a common repertoire of hymns and songs ( 610–614 ) .
that schools be encouraged both to [remain/keep] their choral tradition and to liaise with local church musicians , in order to agree on a common repertoire of hymns and songs ( 610–614 ) .

The radical feminist argument is , briefly , that we live in a patriarchy — a system in which men maintain power over women .
the radical feminist argument is , briefly , that we live in a patriarchy — a system in which men [remain/keep] power over women .

His belief in diplomasi rather than struggle , perjuangan , was severely tested , but he continued to maintain a balancing act .
his belief in diplomasi rather than struggle , perjuangan , was severely tested , but he continued to [remain/keep] a balancing act .

To his supporters he said ‘ Keep calm and maintain discipline .
to his supporters he said ‘ keep calm and [remain/keep] discipline .

This dual safeguard , which was designed not merely to maintain the real value of benefits , but also to guarantee that they paralleled any increase in the real incomes of the working population , was removed in 1980 .
this dual safeguard , which was designed not merely to [remain/keep] the real value of benefits , but also to guarantee that they paralleled any increase in the real incomes of the working population , was removed in 1980 .

The idea is that the Government would maintain a central funding role , and would lay down the rates of benefit , while at the same time encouraging organizations , possibly private ones , to handle the payments to customers .
the idea is that the government would [remain/keep] a central funding role , and would lay down the rates of benefit , while at the same time encouraging organizations , possibly private ones , to handle the payments to customers .

However , in both countries , the creative arts also maintain a distinct existence under the headings of Kunst , lettres and beaux-arts .
however , in both countries , the creative arts also [remain/keep] a distinct existence under the headings of kunst , lettres and beaux-arts .

It may even affect current ‘ aesthetic ’ tastes and judgements , though it would be hazardous to speculate how , and the arts maintain important centres of influence outside the higher education system , in publishing , museums , galleries and the media .
it may even affect current ‘ aesthetic ’ tastes and judgements , though it would be hazardous to speculate how , and the arts [remain/keep] important centres of influence outside the higher education system , in publishing , museums , galleries and the media .

Ensuring that adequate resources are allocated to support the change and to maintain it once it has been achieved ;
ensuring that adequate resources are allocated to support the change and to [remain/keep] it once it has been achieved ;

The success of change initiatives is dependent upon senior management harnessing the social forces of organization through their role of shaping and guiding values to create , maintain and modify organizational cultures .
the success of change initiatives is dependent upon senior management harnessing the social forces of organization through their role of shaping and guiding values to create , [remain/keep] and modify organizational cultures .

Significant changes have been achieved in work organization without having to create additional permanent structures to maintain the momentum of change .
significant changes have been achieved in work organization without having to create additional permanent structures to [remain/keep] the momentum of change .

Even so , the limits are shown by management 's determination to maintain tight control over the terms of the effort bargain in newly extended job roles , both by improved measurement of individual productivities and the retention of strict disciplinary rules on the shopfloor , and by the manual unions ' hostility towards the Employee Involvement programme .
even so , the limits are shown by management 's determination to [remain/keep] tight control over the terms of the effort bargain in newly extended job roles , both by improved measurement of individual productivities and the retention of strict disciplinary rules on the shopfloor , and by the manual unions ' hostility towards the employee involvement programme .

The most urgent need will invariably be for sources of long-term credit to finance major new investments , to maintain debt-to-equity ratios consistent with minimal capital costs and to cushion the inevitable destruction of capital that flows from basic innovations in organizational practice .
the most urgent need will invariably be for sources of long-term credit to finance major new investments , to [remain/keep] debt-to-equity ratios consistent with minimal capital costs and to cushion the inevitable destruction of capital that flows from basic innovations in organizational practice .

The Secretary of State must maintain a register of such orders which is open to inspection .
the secretary of state must [remain/keep] a register of such orders which is open to inspection .

the duty to maintain and repair , are set out in covenants in the lease .
the duty to [remain/keep] and repair , are set out in covenants in the lease .

He brought his action on the basis that the rules of the club provided that the chairman and secretary ‘ were responsible in Law … for the conduct of the Club ’ and that by reason of this they were under a duty to maintain the premises in a reasonable state of safety and repair .
he brought his action on the basis that the rules of the club provided that the chairman and secretary ‘ were responsible in law … for the conduct of the club ’ and that by reason of this they were under a duty to [remain/keep] the premises in a reasonable state of safety and repair .

On an appeal by the plaintiff the Court of Appeal held ( dismissing the appeal ) that in so far as the rules of the club provided that two of its officers were to be responsible in law for the conduct of the club then ( in the absence of an express provision that the officers were responsible for the condition of the club premises ) the rules did not give rise to a duty of care towards individual members to maintain the club premises in a reasonable state of safety and repair .
on an appeal by the plaintiff the court of appeal held ( dismissing the appeal ) that in so far as the rules of the club provided that two of its officers were to be responsible in law for the conduct of the club then ( in the absence of an express provision that the officers were responsible for the condition of the club premises ) the rules did not give rise to a duty of care towards individual members to [remain/keep] the club premises in a reasonable state of safety and repair .

The general shape of the argument is that of a context of deindustrialization in which cities are hit harder as companies struggle to maintain profitability .
the general shape of the argument is that of a context of deindustrialization in which cities are hit harder as companies struggle to [remain/keep] profitability .

And this in turn made it difficult to maintain profits in the economy as a whole .
and this in turn made it difficult to [remain/keep] profits in the economy as a whole .

Repairs and maintenance could merely maintain an asset at its present state ( revenue expenditure ) or could add improvements to an asset ( capital expenditure ) .
repairs and maintenance could merely [remain/keep] an asset at its present state ( revenue expenditure ) or could add improvements to an asset ( capital expenditure ) .

In such cases the competition can usually respond by introducing similar products or services if they so wish , and where they do , the price is forced down and technical improvements are rapidly introduced to maintain leadership .
in such cases the competition can usually respond by introducing similar products or services if they so wish , and where they do , the price is forced down and technical improvements are rapidly introduced to [remain/keep] leadership .

Finally they must maintain the momentum .
finally they must [remain/keep] the momentum .

It is the one approach that can maintain and improve America 's competitive performance — and America 's standard of living — over the long haul .
it is the one approach that can [remain/keep] and improve america 's competitive performance — and america 's standard of living — over the long haul .

Together with informality , this recognition permeates these firms ; they draw upon local knowledge , seek it out , cherish it , and consciously accept their dependence on it as part and parcel of the open , participative culture they strive to maintain .
together with informality , this recognition permeates these firms ; they draw upon local knowledge , seek it out , cherish it , and consciously accept their dependence on it as part and parcel of the open , participative culture they strive to [remain/keep] .

The sphere of institutions undertake to maintain the process which aims at reproducing the idea of a common consciousness among the people .
the sphere of institutions undertake to [remain/keep] the process which aims at reproducing the idea of a common consciousness among the people .

grasp the forms and effects of struggle … the multitude of different efforts by which both individuals and groups of individuals struggle to maintain and expand their material conditions of life .
grasp the forms and effects of struggle … the multitude of different efforts by which both individuals and groups of individuals struggle to [remain/keep] and expand their material conditions of life .

Determined to maintain these isolated villages as functional units separate from contaminating ideologies such as those purveyed by the Labour party and the Nottinghamshire Miners ' Association , the companies stressed the unity of the model villages .
determined to [remain/keep] these isolated villages as functional units separate from contaminating ideologies such as those purveyed by the labour party and the nottinghamshire miners ' association , the companies stressed the unity of the model villages .

There are residents of the private company villages who maintain a hatred for the system of tied housing and restriction , embodied in the figures of the colliery manager and the company policeman , the deputies and the butties .
there are residents of the private company villages who [remain/keep] a hatred for the system of tied housing and restriction , embodied in the figures of the colliery manager and the company policeman , the deputies and the butties .

But the officer must maintain a certain flexibility and be able to deviate from usual practice where necessary , especially to avoid the risk that an administrative convention may be established which can subsequently be used by others with conflicting interests as a resource in their own negotiations .
but the officer must [remain/keep] a certain flexibility and be able to deviate from usual practice where necessary , especially to avoid the risk that an administrative convention may be established which can subsequently be used by others with conflicting interests as a resource in their own negotiations .

' ’ Are they likely to be able to attain it and maintain it ?
' ’ are they likely to be able to attain it and [remain/keep] it ?

It is difficult to maintain control where a scattered enforcement staff possess high discretion .
it is difficult to [remain/keep] control where a scattered enforcement staff possess high discretion .

When Harold Skimpole declares to him that ‘ The owners of such places as Chesney Wold … are public benefactors … good enough to maintain a number of delightful objects for the admiration and pleasure of us poor men ’ , Sir Leicester receives the compliment as no more than his due .
when harold skimpole declares to him that ‘ the owners of such places as chesney wold … are public benefactors … good enough to [remain/keep] a number of delightful objects for the admiration and pleasure of us poor men ’ , sir leicester receives the compliment as no more than his due .

… one of the essential purposes of every kind of organisational provision must be to establish , maintain and enhance the teacher 's own commitment to his own education .
… one of the essential purposes of every kind of organisational provision must be to establish , [remain/keep] and enhance the teacher 's own commitment to his own education .

At times the Worsley canal followed a most circuitous route in order to maintain a level course , and this excessive winding remained a feature of the early canals .
at times the worsley canal followed a most circuitous route in order to [remain/keep] a level course , and this excessive winding remained a feature of the early canals .

The almost mystical power of race and nation on the political stage conveys something about the changing nature of class relations , the growth of state authoritarianism , the eclipse of industrial production , the need to maintain popular support for militarism and exterminism and the end of the nation-state as a political form .
the almost mystical power of race and nation on the political stage conveys something about the changing nature of class relations , the growth of state authoritarianism , the eclipse of industrial production , the need to [remain/keep] popular support for militarism and exterminism and the end of the nation-state as a political form .

Most seamen in trading ships as well as those in the vessels which performed the remarkable feat of transporting the whole of the British Expeditionary Force , together with horses , guns and full equipment to France by September 1914 , profited from the £pound1 increase , while the union threw its full weight behind its undertaking to maintain the supply of seamen .
most seamen in trading ships as well as those in the vessels which performed the remarkable feat of transporting the whole of the british expeditionary force , together with horses , guns and full equipment to france by september 1914 , profited from the £pound1 increase , while the union threw its full weight behind its undertaking to [remain/keep] the supply of seamen .

The literature on both temporary working and labour-hoarding suggests that the higher the skill level , or more precisely the specific skill level , of his labour force , the more likely an employer is to seek to maintain continuity of employment and so protect the training investments he has made .
the literature on both temporary working and labour-hoarding suggests that the higher the skill level , or more precisely the specific skill level , of his labour force , the more likely an employer is to seek to [remain/keep] continuity of employment and so protect the training investments he has made .

Computer staff agencies might seek to maintain contractors ' loyalty , but more by keeping them supplied with assignments than by offering them employee-like benefits .
computer staff agencies might seek to [remain/keep] contractors ' loyalty , but more by keeping them supplied with assignments than by offering them employee-like benefits .

Most organisations involved in functional catering establish and maintain lists of people whom they have screened for their suitability and who have declared themselves available for casual work .
most organisations involved in functional catering establish and [remain/keep] lists of people whom they have screened for their suitability and who have declared themselves available for casual work .

Several mentioned that in recent years the rate of voluntary leaving had decreased so that they were no longer able to rely upon increasing or slowing down the rate of recruitment to maintain their labour forces at the desired level .
several mentioned that in recent years the rate of voluntary leaving had decreased so that they were no longer able to rely upon increasing or slowing down the rate of recruitment to [remain/keep] their labour forces at the desired level .

Whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must maintain a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .
whilst both the block and the hole are seen to be elements of the `` component `` , they must [remain/keep] a specified relationship in order that the functionality of the component is maintained , ie the domain of the hole lies within the domain of block according to the previously declared rules .

The spatial modelling approach uses the local spaces to represent the physical arrangement of primary points within each component and then employs the associative procedures to establish and maintain their geometric assembly .
the spatial modelling approach uses the local spaces to represent the physical arrangement of primary points within each component and then employs the associative procedures to establish and [remain/keep] their geometric assembly .

Movements imposed on the left-hand arm thus forced the remaining members to re-configure their angular positions in order to maintain those relationships .
movements imposed on the left-hand arm thus forced the remaining members to re-configure their angular positions in order to [remain/keep] those relationships .

We must operate to tight time scale and we must maintain a low profile throughout .
we must operate to tight time scale and we must [remain/keep] a low profile throughout .

He must also be able to keep the debate to the point and maintain a time-table .
he must also be able to keep the debate to the point and [remain/keep] a time-table .

Although he is free to use this vote in any way that he chooses , it is commonly accepted that he should vote to maintain the status quo .
although he is free to use this vote in any way that he chooses , it is commonly accepted that he should vote to [remain/keep] the status quo .

The birds ' pressure sense could be used not only to predict the weather , but also to maintain the correct altitude when in flight .
the birds ' pressure sense could be used not only to predict the weather , but also to [remain/keep] the correct altitude when in flight .

The thumps are also used to maintain a territory and attract a mate .
the thumps are also used to [remain/keep] a territory and attract a mate .

Detecting water movements helps many insects of fast-flowing streams to maintain their position , and it alerts aquatic leeches to the approach of animals which might provide a meal of blood .
detecting water movements helps many insects of fast-flowing streams to [remain/keep] their position , and it alerts aquatic leeches to the approach of animals which might provide a meal of blood .

As well as building up a picture of the surroundings , the lateral line allows shoaling fish , such as herrings , to maintain their position in the group .
as well as building up a picture of the surroundings , the lateral line allows shoaling fish , such as herrings , to [remain/keep] their position in the group .

Sensitive only to the difference between the light sky and the dark ground , and unable to distinguish distracting detail , the simple eyes are marvellous flight aids , helping the dragonfly maintain a level course .
sensitive only to the difference between the light sky and the dark ground , and unable to distinguish distracting detail , the simple eyes are marvellous flight aids , helping the dragonfly [remain/keep] a level course .

This means that a dominant rat can be identified by its call , and so a rat colony can maintain its hierarchy without unnecessary fighting .
this means that a dominant rat can be identified by its call , and so a rat colony can [remain/keep] its hierarchy without unnecessary fighting .

However , the master clock can over-ride the pineal , allowing us to maintain a daily rhythm even in constant light or darkness .
however , the master clock can over-ride the pineal , allowing us to [remain/keep] a daily rhythm even in constant light or darkness .

So to maintain a correct course , the bee has to use its body clock to gauge the time and then adjust the angle to compensate for the sun 's movement .
so to [remain/keep] a correct course , the bee has to use its body clock to gauge the time and then adjust the angle to compensate for the sun 's movement .

It is anticipated that this will enable the group to maintain its leading position in the model layout sector .
it is anticipated that this will enable the group to [remain/keep] its leading position in the model layout sector .

For companies with more than 250 employees , give a description of the action taken to maintain or develop the provision of information to and consultation with employees .
for companies with more than 250 employees , give a description of the action taken to [remain/keep] or develop the provision of information to and consultation with employees .

The plants lumped together under the umbrella name of herbs do not appear at first glance to be essential to maintain life , but it is now becoming apparent that this concept could be wrong , and that herbs are as necessary as oxygen , though the ingredients they contribute , such as minerals and vitamins , may only be found in minute quantities .
the plants lumped together under the umbrella name of herbs do not appear at first glance to be essential to [remain/keep] life , but it is now becoming apparent that this concept could be wrong , and that herbs are as necessary as oxygen , though the ingredients they contribute , such as minerals and vitamins , may only be found in minute quantities .

Remove flowering stems to maintain dense leafy growth .
remove flowering stems to [remain/keep] dense leafy growth .

When flowering stems become apparent they should be removed , to maintain a good supply of leaves .
when flowering stems become apparent they should be removed , to [remain/keep] a good supply of leaves .

One of the difficulties of traditional tachistoscopic procedures is that of relying on subjects to maintain their fixation during stimulus presentation .
one of the difficulties of traditional tachistoscopic procedures is that of relying on subjects to [remain/keep] their fixation during stimulus presentation .

Finally , if you have tried one or more of the above diets with lasting success , you would n't be reading this book ! What we are going to do is find a diet that not only helps you to achieve effective weight loss , but is really healthy , suits your individual needs , and can be followed for years to come in order to maintain the weight and shape you want .
finally , if you have tried one or more of the above diets with lasting success , you would n't be reading this book ! what we are going to do is find a diet that not only helps you to achieve effective weight loss , but is really healthy , suits your individual needs , and can be followed for years to come in order to [remain/keep] the weight and shape you want .

In short the healthier you become — by eating healthily , and choosing the foods that suit you — the more likely you are to eat healthily and maintain your correct weight in the long term .
in short the healthier you become — by eating healthily , and choosing the foods that suit you — the more likely you are to eat healthily and [remain/keep] your correct weight in the long term .

Physical activity will maintain or increase the amount of muscle in the body and it is muscle that controls metabolic rate .
physical activity will [remain/keep] or increase the amount of muscle in the body and it is muscle that controls metabolic rate .

In athletes , and Arctic explorers , there can be as much as a two-fold rise in metabolic rate , requiring the calorie intake to be doubled in order to maintain normal weight .
in athletes , and arctic explorers , there can be as much as a two-fold rise in metabolic rate , requiring the calorie intake to be doubled in order to [remain/keep] normal weight .

Four fifths of the calories in the diet are required to maintain the normal energy production and metabolism of the body — just keeping the engine ticking over even if you are resting completely .
four fifths of the calories in the diet are required to [remain/keep] the normal energy production and metabolism of the body — just keeping the engine ticking over even if you are resting completely .

One could in theory increase calorie requirements by wearing fewer clothes , so that the body 's metabolic rate has to increase in order to maintain a normal body temperature .
one could in theory increase calorie requirements by wearing fewer clothes , so that the body 's metabolic rate has to increase in order to [remain/keep] a normal body temperature .

Those questions that you answered positively may well prove to be a threat to your ability to maintain a good figure and an optimum state of health .
those questions that you answered positively may well prove to be a threat to your ability to [remain/keep] a good figure and an optimum state of health .

Does your eating pattern change according to how you are faring emotionally ? For example , if your love life is thriving you can manage to maintain your diet , but as soon as there is an upset , or things are not going to smoothly , then your dietary resolutions go out of the window ?
does your eating pattern change according to how you are faring emotionally ? for example , if your love life is thriving you can manage to [remain/keep] your diet , but as soon as there is an upset , or things are not going to smoothly , then your dietary resolutions go out of the window ?

When the heat is on at work and you are required to work longer hours , are you unable to maintain your eating pattern ?
when the heat is on at work and you are required to work longer hours , are you unable to [remain/keep] your eating pattern ?

Ultimately you will not feel so well , and will find it difficult to maintain your figure as a result .
ultimately you will not feel so well , and will find it difficult to [remain/keep] your figure as a result .

The company of your own family , partner , or friends will help you to maintain self-discipline , and increase your enjoyment of eating .
the company of your own family , partner , or friends will help you to [remain/keep] self-discipline , and increase your enjoyment of eating .

By that stage , you should feel totally at home with your new diet and confident that you can maintain it as a lifestyle with ease in the place of your former diet .
by that stage , you should feel totally at home with your new diet and confident that you can [remain/keep] it as a lifestyle with ease in the place of your former diet .

You will probably feel better if you eat little and often , so this helps to maintain your blood sugar level , and prevents you from getting " the munchies ' , especially during the first four weeks of the diet , when you are first restricting your diet .
you will probably feel better if you eat little and often , so this helps to [remain/keep] your blood sugar level , and prevents you from getting " the munchies ' , especially during the first four weeks of the diet , when you are first restricting your diet .

Suggested answers/argument : Origins lay in political changes of 19th century- franchise , Labour etc. or : Origins lay in need to maintain growth of capitalist economy .
suggested answers/argument : origins lay in political changes of 19th century- franchise , labour etc. or : origins lay in need to [remain/keep] growth of capitalist economy .

They are now mothers with the responsibility for a child , and some of them would maintain that it is their baby that has given them the determination to do something more with their lives , however hard this may be .
they are now mothers with the responsibility for a child , and some of them would [remain/keep] that it is their baby that has given them the determination to do something more with their lives , however hard this may be .

The west Siberian Tatars of the Khanate of Sibir were subjugated or dispersed among the steppe nomads , but the presence of the latter ( particularly the Kazakhs and Oirats ) obliged the Russians to maintain fortified ‘ lines ’ in the south for over two hundred years ( see Chapter 3 ) .
the west siberian tatars of the khanate of sibir were subjugated or dispersed among the steppe nomads , but the presence of the latter ( particularly the kazakhs and oirats ) obliged the russians to [remain/keep] fortified ‘ lines ’ in the south for over two hundred years ( see chapter 3 ) .

So , getting down to specifics , the two species mentioned both make excellent aquarium subjects , the only cause for concern being whether they have been maintained in brackish water or already acclimatised to freshwater if you wish to maintain them in this environment .
so , getting down to specifics , the two species mentioned both make excellent aquarium subjects , the only cause for concern being whether they have been maintained in brackish water or already acclimatised to freshwater if you wish to [remain/keep] them in this environment .

Service and maintain filter media by cleaning regularly — gravel syphon or wash out in warm tank water
service and [remain/keep] filter media by cleaning regularly — gravel syphon or wash out in warm tank water

The mushroom polyps are ( by coral standards ) among the easiest coelenterates to maintain in the aquarium ( though there are various situations in which they will not thrive ) .
the mushroom polyps are ( by coral standards ) among the easiest coelenterates to [remain/keep] in the aquarium ( though there are various situations in which they will not thrive ) .

The aim of the group is to maintain high standards of Goldfish keeping .
the aim of the group is to [remain/keep] high standards of goldfish keeping .

They may detain the suspect for 24 hours ( extendable by the prosecutor to 48 hours ) and question him without access to legal advice or notification of his right to maintain silence .
they may detain the suspect for 24 hours ( extendable by the prosecutor to 48 hours ) and question him without access to legal advice or notification of his right to [remain/keep] silence .

Many sociologists maintain that shared norms and values are essential for the operation of human society .
many sociologists [remain/keep] that shared norms and values are essential for the operation of human society .

To do this , they would have to examine the parts in relation to each other since they work together to maintain the organism .
to do this , they would have to examine the parts in relation to each other since they work together to [remain/keep] the organism .

In this way a ‘ false consciousness ’ of reality is produced which helps to maintain the system .
in this way a ‘ false consciousness ’ of reality is produced which helps to [remain/keep] the system .

They maintain that the values of sociologists directly influence every aspect of their research .
they [remain/keep] that the values of sociologists directly influence every aspect of their research .

Those who argue that an objective science of society is not possible maintain that sociology can never be free from ‘ ideology ’ .
those who argue that an objective science of society is not possible [remain/keep] that sociology can never be free from ‘ ideology ’ .

Functionalists maintain that a certain degree of order and stability is essential for the operation of social systems .
functionalists [remain/keep] that a certain degree of order and stability is essential for the operation of social systems .

They will therefore consider how stratification systems help to maintain order and stability in society .
they will therefore consider how stratification systems help to [remain/keep] order and stability in society .

They maintain that ‘ The favoured enjoy effective power , even when its members take no active steps to exercise power .
they [remain/keep] that ‘ the favoured enjoy effective power , even when its members take no active steps to exercise power .

Although social classes change over time , they are able to reproduce themselves to the extent that they can maintain their distinctive position in the social structure within and across generations .
although social classes change over time , they are able to reproduce themselves to the extent that they can [remain/keep] their distinctive position in the social structure within and across generations .

By controlling supply , professionals can maintain a high demand for their services and so gain high rewards .
by controlling supply , professionals can [remain/keep] a high demand for their services and so gain high rewards .

By claiming the right to discipline their own members , professional associations largely prevent public scrutiny of their affairs and so maintain the image which they project of themselves .
by claiming the right to discipline their own members , professional associations largely prevent public scrutiny of their affairs and so [remain/keep] the image which they project of themselves .

From this point of view the professional-managerial class are likely to try to maintain their position by forming themselves into professions .
from this point of view the professional-managerial class are likely to try to [remain/keep] their position by forming themselves into professions .

But for most of the king 's vassals , who did not inhabit the Iranian heartland , the benefit took the form of gifts of land like medieval fiefs , in return for which the man ‘ enfeoffed ’ was expected to maintain a levy of troops .
but for most of the king 's vassals , who did not inhabit the iranian heartland , the benefit took the form of gifts of land like medieval fiefs , in return for which the man ‘ enfeoffed ’ was expected to [remain/keep] a levy of troops .

these are the areas which are reaching the final stages of the demographic cycle in which , as a result of migration of the child-bearing age-groups , the residual population is unable to maintain , let alone increase , its own level by means of natural growth .
these are the areas which are reaching the final stages of the demographic cycle in which , as a result of migration of the child-bearing age-groups , the residual population is unable to [remain/keep] , let alone increase , its own level by means of natural growth .

In addition , farmers can maintain a greater degree of social control over agricultural workers living in tied accommodation .
in addition , farmers can [remain/keep] a greater degree of social control over agricultural workers living in tied accommodation .

This would suggest that many poorer households must make enormous sacrifices in other areas of spending in order to maintain a car , perhaps to the extent of going without adequate food and buying clothes at jumble sales ( Brown and Winyard 1975 ; Winyard 1978 ) .
this would suggest that many poorer households must make enormous sacrifices in other areas of spending in order to [remain/keep] a car , perhaps to the extent of going without adequate food and buying clothes at jumble sales ( brown and winyard 1975 ; winyard 1978 ) .

There are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important routes , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .
there are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important routes , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to [remain/keep] them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .

Defamation — Parties — Corporation — Publication relating to administration of local authority 's superannuation fund — Publication insinuating maladministration of pension funds — Balance between public interest in freedom of speech and protection of authority 's reputation — Whether entitled to maintain action in respect of governmental and administrative function — Local Government Act 1972 ( c. 70 ) , s. 222(1)
defamation — parties — corporation — publication relating to administration of local authority 's superannuation fund — publication insinuating maladministration of pension funds — balance between public interest in freedom of speech and protection of authority 's reputation — whether entitled to [remain/keep] action in respect of governmental and administrative function — local government act 1972 ( c. 70 ) , s. 222(1)

The defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and administrative functions and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .
the defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not [remain/keep] an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and administrative functions and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .

By order of Master Miller dated 2 November 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for Derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .
by order of master miller dated 2 november 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could [remain/keep] an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .

‘ whether the plaintiff … can maintain an action for libel for any words which reflects [ sic ] upon the said plaintiff as the county council for Derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund …
‘ whether the plaintiff … can [remain/keep] an action for libel for any words which reflects [ sic ] upon the said plaintiff as the county council for derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund …

It would be monstrous if a corporation could maintain no action for slander of title through which they lost a great deal of money .
it would be monstrous if a corporation could [remain/keep] no action for slander of title through which they lost a great deal of money .

Therefore it appears to me clear that a corporation at common law may maintain an action for a libel by which its property is injured .
therefore it appears to me clear that a corporation at common law may [remain/keep] an action for a libel by which its property is injured .

… Then it is suggested that , although an individual can sue for a libel upon him in relation to his business , or even the members of a partnership may maintain a joint action for such a libel , yet that an incorporated company can not .
… then it is suggested that , although an individual can sue for a libel upon him in relation to his business , or even the members of a partnership may [remain/keep] a joint action for such a libel , yet that an incorporated company can not .

‘ it is contended that to hold that a municipal corporation may maintain an action for libel would unduly encroach on the right of the public to speak freely concerning municipal affairs .
‘ it is contended that to hold that a municipal corporation may [remain/keep] an action for libel would unduly encroach on the right of the public to speak freely concerning municipal affairs .

It would be monstrous if a corporation could maintain no action for slander of title through which they lost a great deal of money .
it would be monstrous if a corporation could [remain/keep] no action for slander of title through which they lost a great deal of money .

Therefore it appears to me clear that a corporation at common law may maintain an action for a libel by which its property is injured .
therefore it appears to me clear that a corporation at common law may [remain/keep] an action for a libel by which its property is injured .

‘ although a corporation can not maintain an action for libel in respect of anything reflecting upon them personally , yet they can maintain an action for a libel reflecting on the management of their trade or business , and this without alleging or proving special damage .
‘ although a corporation can not [remain/keep] an action for libel in respect of anything reflecting upon them personally , yet they can [remain/keep] an action for a libel reflecting on the management of their trade or business , and this without alleging or proving special damage .

Such cells were able to maintain their preference when the heads were inverted or other difficulties placed in the way of recognition , and one would much like to know about the computational principles and physiological mechanisms that performed the task .
such cells were able to [remain/keep] their preference when the heads were inverted or other difficulties placed in the way of recognition , and one would much like to know about the computational principles and physiological mechanisms that performed the task .

Apparently , simultaneous activation of a neuron through both eyes is required to maintain connections to both eyes .
apparently , simultaneous activation of a neuron through both eyes is required to [remain/keep] connections to both eyes .

These signals may maintain negotiations when they might otherwise have broken down and , therefore , benefit both parties by increasing the likelihood that a transaction ultimately takes place .
these signals may [remain/keep] negotiations when they might otherwise have broken down and , therefore , benefit both parties by increasing the likelihood that a transaction ultimately takes place .

These signals probably serve to maintain the coherence of the group to the benefit of the individual .
these signals probably serve to [remain/keep] the coherence of the group to the benefit of the individual .

Hennion argues that the monopolies need the independent small producer for economic reasons — to maintain a flow of new products and to ensure communication with an active market ( Hennion 1981 ; 1983 ) .
hennion argues that the monopolies need the independent small producer for economic reasons — to [remain/keep] a flow of new products and to ensure communication with an active market ( hennion 1981 ; 1983 ) .

This space , intended both to obtain the invention of new products , leading to enhanced consumption and profit , and to maintain ideological support , in response to apparent liberalism , allows at least the possibility that permitted pluralism can grow into radical dissent .
this space , intended both to obtain the invention of new products , leading to enhanced consumption and profit , and to [remain/keep] ideological support , in response to apparent liberalism , allows at least the possibility that permitted pluralism can grow into radical dissent .

In the absence of both the ‘ political will ’ and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely ‘ indicative ’ and technocratic attempt to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the Wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of British firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .
in the absence of both the ‘ political will ’ and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely ‘ indicative ’ and technocratic attempt to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to [remain/keep] the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of british firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .

Surely we can maintain that the existence of social mobility does not undermine the Marxist critique of capitalism , without feeling obliged to insist that it is really of no consequence .
surely we can [remain/keep] that the existence of social mobility does not undermine the marxist critique of capitalism , without feeling obliged to insist that it is really of no consequence .

The conditions producing weakness in this respect are highly complex but at a risk of oversimplification one might say that the balance of payments constraint reflects a relative ‘ industrial ossification ’ of the British economy — a failure to restructure and reinvest on a sufficient scale to maintain the position of the national economy on the world market .
the conditions producing weakness in this respect are highly complex but at a risk of oversimplification one might say that the balance of payments constraint reflects a relative ‘ industrial ossification ’ of the british economy — a failure to restructure and reinvest on a sufficient scale to [remain/keep] the position of the national economy on the world market .

There has been a kind of stalemate in the class struggle which has placed governments in the position of tackling deep-rooted problems with technocratic instruments of strictly limited effectiveness : they have held the line on the balance of payments by means of periodic deflation , which has not really solved anything ; they have periodically checked inflation and attempted to rebuild industrial profitability by means of ad hoc incomes policy but have been unable either to maintain popular support for such policies or to push forward to a comprehensive planning of prices and incomes , investment and consumption .
there has been a kind of stalemate in the class struggle which has placed governments in the position of tackling deep-rooted problems with technocratic instruments of strictly limited effectiveness : they have held the line on the balance of payments by means of periodic deflation , which has not really solved anything ; they have periodically checked inflation and attempted to rebuild industrial profitability by means of ad hoc incomes policy but have been unable either to [remain/keep] popular support for such policies or to push forward to a comprehensive planning of prices and incomes , investment and consumption .

Since average yields on non-irrigated land could not rise much above fivefold the seed , the increase must have been the result of extending the cultivated area by ploughing marginal land : Jovellanos in the eighteenth century , Fermin Caballero in the 1850 's , and the Report on the agricultural crisis of 1887 all accuse the farmer of ploughing up more than he could maintain in cultivation .
since average yields on non-irrigated land could not rise much above fivefold the seed , the increase must have been the result of extending the cultivated area by ploughing marginal land : jovellanos in the eighteenth century , fermin caballero in the 1850 's , and the report on the agricultural crisis of 1887 all accuse the farmer of ploughing up more than he could [remain/keep] in cultivation .

’ Given this incapacity Spain could never hope to maintain diplomatic independence against France or to resist French demands for war against Great Britain , in spite of knowledge of the disastrous consequences of such a war to the Spanish colonial empire and its trade .
’ given this incapacity spain could never hope to [remain/keep] diplomatic independence against france or to resist french demands for war against great britain , in spite of knowledge of the disastrous consequences of such a war to the spanish colonial empire and its trade .

When that will was vitiated either by the monarch 's evil counsellors or , as the later theoreticians of military indiscipline were to maintain , by the corrupt operation of Parliamentary institutions run by a clique of national ’ politicians , then it could be salvaged by the heroic gesture of a general or the conspiracy of an officers ' mess .
when that will was vitiated either by the monarch 's evil counsellors or , as the later theoreticians of military indiscipline were to [remain/keep] , by the corrupt operation of parliamentary institutions run by a clique of national ’ politicians , then it could be salvaged by the heroic gesture of a general or the conspiracy of an officers ' mess .

The Stolypin reforms , Soviet historians would maintain , had not solved the basic problem which made revolution inevitable .
the stolypin reforms , soviet historians would [remain/keep] , had not solved the basic problem which made revolution inevitable .

On the other , he could have devoted his energies to shoring up the regime 's prestige , authority and ability to maintain order .
on the other , he could have devoted his energies to shoring up the regime 's prestige , authority and ability to [remain/keep] order .

Meanwhile , the military power of the State remained sufficient to maintain order while the beneficial medicine of socioeconomic development consolidated the bases for a western-style pluralist democracy .
meanwhile , the military power of the state remained sufficient to [remain/keep] order while the beneficial medicine of socioeconomic development consolidated the bases for a western-style pluralist democracy .

As Chief Whip he has managed to paper over the cracks in the back benches and maintain a united front behind the Prime Minister .
as chief whip he has managed to paper over the cracks in the back benches and [remain/keep] a united front behind the prime minister .

‘ lts true function is to maintain social cohesion intact .
‘ lts true function is to [remain/keep] social cohesion intact .

There are few rivers which are able to maintain a course across the grain of the land to penetrate from the interior to the sea .
there are few rivers which are able to [remain/keep] a course across the grain of the land to penetrate from the interior to the sea .

The millet system enabled the Christian Slavs to maintain their churches and monasteries .
the millet system enabled the christian slavs to [remain/keep] their churches and monasteries .

Even until after the Second World War , the cities of Dalmatia could more easily maintain contact with each other by sea than along the tortuous roads and tracks which were the only means of land transport .
even until after the second world war , the cities of dalmatia could more easily [remain/keep] contact with each other by sea than along the tortuous roads and tracks which were the only means of land transport .

For a few years after 1413 a lease on the islands of Korcula , Hvar and Brac was obtained with the agreement of the Habsburg Emperor , Sigismund , but the Ragusans failed to maintain their position in face of the hostility of the islanders and the rivalries of their Venetian , Hungarian and Slav neighbours .
for a few years after 1413 a lease on the islands of korcula , hvar and brac was obtained with the agreement of the habsburg emperor , sigismund , but the ragusans failed to [remain/keep] their position in face of the hostility of the islanders and the rivalries of their venetian , hungarian and slav neighbours .

They enlisted the help of a rebellious warlord from Vidin , in Ottoman-occupied Bulgaria , Osman Pazvant-oglu , and the governor was able to maintain his position only by arming the Serbs to defend themselves against the invaders .
they enlisted the help of a rebellious warlord from vidin , in ottoman-occupied bulgaria , osman pazvant-oglu , and the governor was able to [remain/keep] his position only by arming the serbs to defend themselves against the invaders .

Given the primitive road system connecting Belgrade with the interior , it was impossible for a garrison of 5,000 troops in Belgrade to maintain order without the support of the Serbian knezovi .
given the primitive road system connecting belgrade with the interior , it was impossible for a garrison of 5,000 troops in belgrade to [remain/keep] order without the support of the serbian knezovi .

Yuan was a lotus , suspended impossibly motionless in the null gravity under which he tended to maintain his quarters when he was alone .
yuan was a lotus , suspended impossibly motionless in the null gravity under which he tended to [remain/keep] his quarters when he was alone .

HarperCollins is in the early stages of a similar agreement to maintain a core of its bestselling titles in all Dillons stores .
harpercollins is in the early stages of a similar agreement to [remain/keep] a core of its bestselling titles in all dillons stores .

The Chelsea Waterworks Co. were authorised by statute to lay mains and were under a statutory duty to maintain a continuous supply of water ; it was an inevitable consequence that damage would be caused by occasional bursts and so by necessary implication the statute exempted them from liability where there was no ‘ negligence .
the chelsea waterworks co. were authorised by statute to lay mains and were under a statutory duty to [remain/keep] a continuous supply of water ; it was an inevitable consequence that damage would be caused by occasional bursts and so by necessary implication the statute exempted them from liability where there was no ‘ negligence .

For this reason a non-occupier can not maintain a claim in nuisance and an occupier 's right to damages for his personal injuries is ancillary to his claim for compensation for damage to his property .
for this reason a non-occupier can not [remain/keep] a claim in nuisance and an occupier 's right to damages for his personal injuries is ancillary to his claim for compensation for damage to his property .

‘ In order to maintain trover , a plaintiff who is left in possession of the goods must prove that his dominion over his property has been interfered with , not in some particular way , but altogether ; that he has been entirely deprived of the use of it .
‘ in order to [remain/keep] trover , a plaintiff who is left in possession of the goods must prove that his dominion over his property has been interfered with , not in some particular way , but altogether ; that he has been entirely deprived of the use of it .

The answer is that he can maintain the action if at the time of the defendant 's act he had ( a ) ownership and possession of the goods , or ( b ) possession of them ; or ( c ) an immediate right to possess them , but without either ownership or actual possession .
the answer is that he can [remain/keep] the action if at the time of the defendant 's act he had ( a ) ownership and possession of the goods , or ( b ) possession of them ; or ( c ) an immediate right to possess them , but without either ownership or actual possession .

In particular , Marxists have argued that advanced capitalist societies require an infrastructure of welfare policies to help maintain order , buy off working-class protest and secure a work force with acceptable standards of health and education .
in particular , marxists have argued that advanced capitalist societies require an infrastructure of welfare policies to help [remain/keep] order , buy off working-class protest and secure a work force with acceptable standards of health and education .

So for some children it is deemed better to place them in small homes where it is easier to maintain continuity of care .
so for some children it is deemed better to place them in small homes where it is easier to [remain/keep] continuity of care .

Relate ( formerly Marriage Guidance ) , is a voluntary organization with a national council , coordinating the activities of local councils , which aims to promote successful marriage and parenthood and thereby helps to maintain family welfare by improving marital relationships .
relate ( formerly marriage guidance ) , is a voluntary organization with a national council , coordinating the activities of local councils , which aims to promote successful marriage and parenthood and thereby helps to [remain/keep] family welfare by improving marital relationships .

They were often structurally unsound and costly to maintain , hard to staff because of their physical isolation and far too big .
they were often structurally unsound and costly to [remain/keep] , hard to staff because of their physical isolation and far too big .

It is also a practical answer to the difficulties of continuing to maintain and staff isolated institutions in an age when few people are prepared to make a career in residential work .
it is also a practical answer to the difficulties of continuing to [remain/keep] and staff isolated institutions in an age when few people are prepared to make a career in residential work .

The accommodation local authorities have left on their lists is poorer-quality stock , and the finance to maintain repairs is limited .
the accommodation local authorities have left on their lists is poorer-quality stock , and the finance to [remain/keep] repairs is limited .

The opportunity to maintain their freedom of referral was one of the commonest reasons given by general practitioners for joining the fundholding scheme .
the opportunity to [remain/keep] their freedom of referral was one of the commonest reasons given by general practitioners for joining the fundholding scheme .

Part of the answer probably lies in the attempt to maintain a ‘ steady state ’ in the first year of the reforms .
part of the answer probably lies in the attempt to [remain/keep] a ‘ steady state ’ in the first year of the reforms .

For others it might be that they wish to maintain the relationship between the father and the children and fear that ill-feeling will be created by a vigorous pursuit of maintenance .
for others it might be that they wish to [remain/keep] the relationship between the father and the children and fear that ill-feeling will be created by a vigorous pursuit of maintenance .

There appears to be no room for the bill in the present legislative session , but the government has been keen to maintain the momentum of its proposals for reform to the laws .
there appears to be no room for the bill in the present legislative session , but the government has been keen to [remain/keep] the momentum of its proposals for reform to the laws .

The Under-Secretary of State for National Heritage , Robert Key , introducing the draft order , said the increase in funding was more than 5 % , which recognised the costs of a new computer and sought to maintain the real level of the rate per loan to authors .
the under-secretary of state for national heritage , robert key , introducing the draft order , said the increase in funding was more than 5 % , which recognised the costs of a new computer and sought to [remain/keep] the real level of the rate per loan to authors .

In most circumstances , inkjets produce results close in quality to lasers , yet they 're much cheaper , smaller , quieter and easier to maintain .
in most circumstances , inkjets produce results close in quality to lasers , yet they 're much cheaper , smaller , quieter and easier to [remain/keep] .

Thatcher 's legacy has forced the poverty lobby onto the defensive as it fights to simply to maintain child benefit , to restore benefits to 16- and 17-year olds , or to ensure that 18- to 24-year-olds receive the same rate of income support as over 25-year-olds .
thatcher 's legacy has forced the poverty lobby onto the defensive as it fights to simply to [remain/keep] child benefit , to restore benefits to 16- and 17-year olds , or to ensure that 18- to 24-year-olds receive the same rate of income support as over 25-year-olds .

The sentence should have read it : ‘ It proved possible to maintain a limited number of local foster placements which would not have met the central standards of a specialist fostering team , but which met the temporary needs of certain local children more appropriately . ’
the sentence should have read it : ‘ it proved possible to [remain/keep] a limited number of local foster placements which would not have met the central standards of a specialist fostering team , but which met the temporary needs of certain local children more appropriately . ’

Most black elders in Britain today maintain themselves either on the level of income support rates or below the poverty level .
most black elders in britain today [remain/keep] themselves either on the level of income support rates or below the poverty level .

The poverty index is the ratio of the total income of the household and a multiple of the total income necessary to maintain a family with given characteristics on a nutritionally adequate food plan .
the poverty index is the ratio of the total income of the household and a multiple of the total income necessary to [remain/keep] a family with given characteristics on a nutritionally adequate food plan .

These budgets allowed them to maintain pre-existing activity and referral patterns and have resulted in massive variations in per capita allocations between fundholders .
these budgets allowed them to [remain/keep] pre-existing activity and referral patterns and have resulted in massive variations in per capita allocations between fundholders .

Providers have had to cope with the uncertainty created by the unpredictability of fundholders ' purchasing decisions or maintain services on a lower throughput when fundholders referred elsewhere .
providers have had to cope with the uncertainty created by the unpredictability of fundholders ' purchasing decisions or [remain/keep] services on a lower throughput when fundholders referred elsewhere .

Those with baseline hypoxaemia had the flow rate determined which would maintain normal Sao 2 levels in hospital ( > 95 % ; usually 0.1–2.0 l/min ) .
those with baseline hypoxaemia had the flow rate determined which would [remain/keep] normal sao 2 levels in hospital ( > 95 % ; usually 0.1–2.0 l/min ) .

If managers were better informed of practice activity before 1990 and spent time equipping general practitioners instead of attacking them , they would learn from the general practitioner how to maintain quality of care .
if managers were better informed of practice activity before 1990 and spent time equipping general practitioners instead of attacking them , they would learn from the general practitioner how to [remain/keep] quality of care .

During the follow up a mean of 2.48 ( 1.39 ) tubes were required to maintain adequate hearing ability in those treated with tubes alone compared with a mean of 1.52 ( 0.85 ) in the children also receiving adenoidectomy .
during the follow up a mean of 2.48 ( 1.39 ) tubes were required to [remain/keep] adequate hearing ability in those treated with tubes alone compared with a mean of 1.52 ( 0.85 ) in the children also receiving adenoidectomy .

Options for change in other areas to be covered by the Strategy will be analysed to ensure that any changes maintain or improve equity .
options for change in other areas to be covered by the strategy will be analysed to ensure that any changes [remain/keep] or improve equity .

Modern historians are quite uncertain whether an individual of that name existed here and carried out the exploits attributed to him ; or whether he is a representative figure around whom have accreted the age-old memories of a people 's struggles to maintain inherited liberties in the face of alien subjection .
modern historians are quite uncertain whether an individual of that name existed here and carried out the exploits attributed to him ; or whether he is a representative figure around whom have accreted the age-old memories of a people 's struggles to [remain/keep] inherited liberties in the face of alien subjection .

The town has also ar institution called the Spittel , built from an endowment of 1225 which laid an obligation upon the Teutonic Order to maintain a hospice for tending the poor and providing hospitality to pilgrims .
the town has also ar institution called the spittel , built from an endowment of 1225 which laid an obligation upon the teutonic order to [remain/keep] a hospice for tending the poor and providing hospitality to pilgrims .

" It having been Stated to this Meeting that a regular Ferry from Skiba to Gartbreck would contribute much to the Convenience of Travellers " they agree " to Engage a proper person , who will engage to maintain a proper Ferry Boat ready at all reasonable times to Ferry passengers … "
" it having been stated to this meeting that a regular ferry from skiba to gartbreck would contribute much to the convenience of travellers " they agree " to engage a proper person , who will engage to [remain/keep] a proper ferry boat ready at all reasonable times to ferry passengers … "

Perhaps it was hoped that being housed in schools the education authority would maintain continuity ; none did so .
perhaps it was hoped that being housed in schools the education authority would [remain/keep] continuity ; none did so .

The patients were asked how easy they found it to maintain good control .
the patients were asked how easy they found it to [remain/keep] good control .

Though all doctors recognise the associated clinical signs of fever and hyperdynamic circulation , few people appreciate that although infection is the commonest cause of sepsis , infection is not necessary to maintain this clinical state ; most patients with multiple organ failure die with advanced signs of sepsis but no bacteriological evidence of infection .
though all doctors recognise the associated clinical signs of fever and hyperdynamic circulation , few people appreciate that although infection is the commonest cause of sepsis , infection is not necessary to [remain/keep] this clinical state ; most patients with multiple organ failure die with advanced signs of sepsis but no bacteriological evidence of infection .

It is not an exaggeration to maintain that the fundamental determining factor in Nizan 's global experience was his encounter with Marxism and his deep personal involvement in the French communist party .
it is not an exaggeration to [remain/keep] that the fundamental determining factor in nizan 's global experience was his encounter with marxism and his deep personal involvement in the french communist party .

It is no exaggeration to maintain that Nizan was weaned on death .
it is no exaggeration to [remain/keep] that nizan was weaned on death .

It is not an overstatement to maintain , therefore , that throughout 1936 the struggle in Spain came to symbolise in Nizan 's eyes , as in the eyes of countless intellectuals of the period , the ultimate stand against fascism .
it is not an overstatement to [remain/keep] , therefore , that throughout 1936 the struggle in spain came to symbolise in nizan 's eyes , as in the eyes of countless intellectuals of the period , the ultimate stand against fascism .

Certainly , preventive strategies and modern medicine will tend to counteract negative selective forces and will maintain the frequency of the thrifty genotype in human populations , but , as Neel soberly pointed out , ‘ efforts to preserve the diabetes genotype through this transient period of plenty are in the interests of mankind , ’ for some time in the future we may again be glad to have it .
certainly , preventive strategies and modern medicine will tend to counteract negative selective forces and will [remain/keep] the frequency of the thrifty genotype in human populations , but , as neel soberly pointed out , ‘ efforts to preserve the diabetes genotype through this transient period of plenty are in the interests of mankind , ’ for some time in the future we may again be glad to have it .

The bleeding into his pharynx was so massive that he was unable to maintain his own airway while lying supine .
the bleeding into his pharynx was so massive that he was unable to [remain/keep] his own airway while lying supine .

The airway became increasingly difficult to maintain .
the airway became increasingly difficult to [remain/keep] .

But the question is , can he both maintain that monads do not reduce to bundles of qualities and continue to adhere to his principle of indiscernibles without being guilty of a serious inconsistency ?
but the question is , can he both [remain/keep] that monads do not reduce to bundles of qualities and continue to adhere to his principle of indiscernibles without being guilty of a serious inconsistency ?

In retrospect he finds it extraordinary that , with all the drinking he did , Philby was able to maintain his double life .
in retrospect he finds it extraordinary that , with all the drinking he did , philby was able to [remain/keep] his double life .

Although innovative schemes have made it possible to maintain at home people with disabilities that were once thought to require hospital or residential care , it is unrealistic to suggest that institutional care could be entirely dispensed with .
although innovative schemes have made it possible to [remain/keep] at home people with disabilities that were once thought to require hospital or residential care , it is unrealistic to suggest that institutional care could be entirely dispensed with .

Not only does spinal stabilisation for early scoliosis in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy maintain sitting balance but it is also associated with a slower deterioration in lung function .
not only does spinal stabilisation for early scoliosis in patients with duchenne muscular dystrophy [remain/keep] sitting balance but it is also associated with a slower deterioration in lung function .

In this situation , it is very difficult to maintain high standards , as such work usually has to be done within a short time limit , and often with very little space .
in this situation , it is very difficult to [remain/keep] high standards , as such work usually has to be done within a short time limit , and often with very little space .

This , combined with widespread reproduction , helped maintain his position within the field of commercial art .
this , combined with widespread reproduction , helped [remain/keep] his position within the field of commercial art .

Even this did not include the whole of the area because the Tyneside suburban areas in Blyth Valley and Castle Morpeth , particularly Cramlington and the very wealthy suburb of Ponteland , were left under Northumberland County so as to maintain the viability of that Shire .
even this did not include the whole of the area because the tyneside suburban areas in blyth valley and castle morpeth , particularly cramlington and the very wealthy suburb of ponteland , were left under northumberland county so as to [remain/keep] the viability of that shire .

The objectives in relation to each area were to control urban sprawl and preserve the inner areas as housing locations , to use land availability as part of a programme of economic regeneration and preserve sites suitable for large-scale developments , and to maintain existing shopping centres in a viable condition .
the objectives in relation to each area were to control urban sprawl and preserve the inner areas as housing locations , to use land availability as part of a programme of economic regeneration and preserve sites suitable for large-scale developments , and to [remain/keep] existing shopping centres in a viable condition .

Hartmann argues that there is a vicious circle in which patriarchy and capitalism tend to maintain each other .
hartmann argues that there is a vicious circle in which patriarchy and capitalism tend to [remain/keep] each other .

The white , male mechanics thus had control over the women , since the female machinists were dependent upon the men to maintain and mend their machines .
the white , male mechanics thus had control over the women , since the female machinists were dependent upon the men to [remain/keep] and mend their machines .

In sum , Pakistani immigrants in Rochdale maintain very close links with members of their family , distant or near , through exchanges of goods and services , loans of money in times of need , active social contact and advice ( or instruction ) on important decisions .
in sum , pakistani immigrants in rochdale [remain/keep] very close links with members of their family , distant or near , through exchanges of goods and services , loans of money in times of need , active social contact and advice ( or instruction ) on important decisions .

As Anwar says : ‘ the pattern of the religious activities in the community seemed to maintain a separate Pakistani cultural existence in Rochdale .
as anwar says : ‘ the pattern of the religious activities in the community seemed to [remain/keep] a separate pakistani cultural existence in rochdale .

Once admitted , the solicitor is required to maintain a practising certificate , for which a substantial annual fee is charged .
once admitted , the solicitor is required to [remain/keep] a practising certificate , for which a substantial annual fee is charged .

To maintain any form of quality and security in our environment and lives we would have to scrap most of our notions and tackle everything from different ends .
to [remain/keep] any form of quality and security in our environment and lives we would have to scrap most of our notions and tackle everything from different ends .

There had been military expeditions to establish English authority in Wales in 1277 and to maintain it there in 1282–3 and again in 1287 , and these were costly enough in their way , but they paled in comparison with the activity and demands of the 1290s .
there had been military expeditions to establish english authority in wales in 1277 and to [remain/keep] it there in 1282–3 and again in 1287 , and these were costly enough in their way , but they paled in comparison with the activity and demands of the 1290s .

It has been calculated that while Stapledon spent just under half his time before the 1320s in his diocese , once he became treasurer barely a tenth of his time was passed at Exeter ; he relied instead upon the machinery of deputies to maintain his authority and execute his wishes there .
it has been calculated that while stapledon spent just under half his time before the 1320s in his diocese , once he became treasurer barely a tenth of his time was passed at exeter ; he relied instead upon the machinery of deputies to [remain/keep] his authority and execute his wishes there .

To take the weakest case first ; even if the sceptic were unwise enough to admit that any assertion involves a claim to knowledge and that he is asserting his conclusion that knowledge is impossible , he can still maintain his position .
to take the weakest case first ; even if the sceptic were unwise enough to admit that any assertion involves a claim to knowledge and that he is asserting his conclusion that knowledge is impossible , he can still [remain/keep] his position .

In this , they have important strengths , and they can teach students skills which courses concentrating on formal features of language often omit : how to greet people , or how to maintain polite contact while listening on the telephone .
in this , they have important strengths , and they can teach students skills which courses concentrating on formal features of language often omit : how to greet people , or how to [remain/keep] polite contact while listening on the telephone .

The co-operative and politeness principles , and the tension between them , reflect a dual purpose in human intercourse : to act efficiently together with other people , and to create and maintain social relationships .
the co-operative and politeness principles , and the tension between them , reflect a dual purpose in human intercourse : to act efficiently together with other people , and to create and [remain/keep] social relationships .

Though their realizations differ , the two , often conflicting , aims of communication — to co-operate and to maintain social relations — are universal .
though their realizations differ , the two , often conflicting , aims of communication — to co-operate and to [remain/keep] social relations — are universal .

It is the shortening of a passage for general consumption , and aims to maintain the same information content , but to express it more economically .
it is the shortening of a passage for general consumption , and aims to [remain/keep] the same information content , but to express it more economically .

Whereas linguists , philosophers of language and psycho-linguists have , in general , paid particular attention to the use of language for the transmission of ‘ factual or propositional information ’ , sociologists and sociolinguists have been particularly concerned with the use of language to establish and maintain social relationships .
whereas linguists , philosophers of language and psycho-linguists have , in general , paid particular attention to the use of language for the transmission of ‘ factual or propositional information ’ , sociologists and sociolinguists have been particularly concerned with the use of language to establish and [remain/keep] social relationships .

What seems to be primarily at issue here is the sharing of a common point of view . Brown & Levinson point out the importance for social relationships of establishing common ground and agreeing on points of view , and illustrate the lengths to which speakers in different cultures will go to maintain an appearance of agreement , and they remark ‘ agreement may also be stressed by repeating part or all of what the preceding speaker has said ’ ( 1978:117 )
what seems to be primarily at issue here is the sharing of a common point of view . brown & levinson point out the importance for social relationships of establishing common ground and agreeing on points of view , and illustrate the lengths to which speakers in different cultures will go to [remain/keep] an appearance of agreement , and they remark ‘ agreement may also be stressed by repeating part or all of what the preceding speaker has said ’ ( 1978:117 )

Whereas , as we shall note , written language is , in general , used for primarily transactional purposes , it is possible to find written genres whose purpose is not primarily to inform but to maintain social relationships-'thank you' letters , love letters , games of consequences , etc .
whereas , as we shall note , written language is , in general , used for primarily transactional purposes , it is possible to find written genres whose purpose is not primarily to inform but to [remain/keep] social relationships-'thank you' letters , love letters , games of consequences , etc .

Some individuals dig pits in carefully selected sites on a beach where the sun warms the eggs during the day and the sand retains the heat to maintain their temperature overnight .
some individuals dig pits in carefully selected sites on a beach where the sun warms the eggs during the day and the sand retains the heat to [remain/keep] their temperature overnight .

However , with such a large clutch it is difficult for her to maintain all her eggs at exactly the same temperature .
however , with such a large clutch it is difficult for her to [remain/keep] all her eggs at exactly the same temperature .

Even such a perfect match would count for little if the fish had to wave its fins in order to maintain its position in the water , or if it were to move independently from the weed .
even such a perfect match would count for little if the fish had to wave its fins in order to [remain/keep] its position in the water , or if it were to move independently from the weed .

Placing great importance on this latter aspect Whitaker decided the first two scripts should be written by the same author , who would thus maintain an overall series continuity .
placing great importance on this latter aspect whitaker decided the first two scripts should be written by the same author , who would thus [remain/keep] an overall series continuity .

The script was commissioned quickly to replace Coburn 's dropped ‘ The Robots ’ story and thereby maintain the balance between historical and futuristic adventures , and production was scheduled and slotted to follow on a week later from ‘ The Tribe of Gum ’ .
the script was commissioned quickly to replace coburn 's dropped ‘ the robots ’ story and thereby [remain/keep] the balance between historical and futuristic adventures , and production was scheduled and slotted to follow on a week later from ‘ the tribe of gum ’ .

Where location filming is not possible for exterior scenes , very often it will fall to the Designer to create realistic backdrops to maintain the illusion of a city or a forest stretching miles away into the distance .
where location filming is not possible for exterior scenes , very often it will fall to the designer to create realistic backdrops to [remain/keep] the illusion of a city or a forest stretching miles away into the distance .

That the four lead artists got on so well with each other was a distinct advantage in coping with the pressurised working schedules they were expected to maintain over the next year .
that the four lead artists got on so well with each other was a distinct advantage in coping with the pressurised working schedules they were expected to [remain/keep] over the next year .

Pool kept adding to it , to the point where too much of the available computing power was being used to maintain the programming of the particle attractors and field generators .
pool kept adding to it , to the point where too much of the available computing power was being used to [remain/keep] the programming of the particle attractors and field generators .

The colder the temperature , the more fat reserves a bird needs to maintain body warmth .
the colder the temperature , the more fat reserves a bird needs to [remain/keep] body warmth .

It is rather difficult to reconcile this with the ability of major brands in heavily advertised markets to establish and maintain their reputations over many years .
it is rather difficult to reconcile this with the ability of major brands in heavily advertised markets to establish and [remain/keep] their reputations over many years .

to maintain the loyalty of existing buyers , and to encourage them to use more ;
to [remain/keep] the loyalty of existing buyers , and to encourage them to use more ;

Following the defeat of the 1981–86 Socialist government , the new culture minister Fraņois Léotard made clear that the new administration would maintain the r.p.m .
following the defeat of the 1981–86 socialist government , the new culture minister fraņois léotard made clear that the new administration would [remain/keep] the r.p.m .

It is good to see one or two new authors names , while some publishers , Longman for example , are wheeling out titles from all the big names — Alexander , Abbs , O'Neill , Harmer — in an attempt to maintain any gains in market share made by the success of Intermediate Matters , Upper Intermediate Matters , and , to a lesser extent , Beginners Choice .
it is good to see one or two new authors names , while some publishers , longman for example , are wheeling out titles from all the big names — alexander , abbs , o'neill , harmer — in an attempt to [remain/keep] any gains in market share made by the success of intermediate matters , upper intermediate matters , and , to a lesser extent , beginners choice .

It was like selling the family silver , but Branson believed it was necessary to maintain ownership of the family home .
it was like selling the family silver , but branson believed it was necessary to [remain/keep] ownership of the family home .

To my mind it is but natural justice that a child , if born alive and viable , should be allowed to maintain an action in the courts for injuries wrongfully committed upon its person while in the womb of its mother .
to my mind it is but natural justice that a child , if born alive and viable , should be allowed to [remain/keep] an action in the courts for injuries wrongfully committed upon its person while in the womb of its mother .

He has to judge the public acceptability of early release and to determine the policies needed to maintain public confidence in the system of criminal justice .
he has to judge the public acceptability of early release and to determine the policies needed to [remain/keep] public confidence in the system of criminal justice .

To my mind it is but natural justice that a child , if born alive and viable , should be allowed to maintain an action in the courts for injuries wrongfully committed upon its person while in the womb of its mother .
to my mind it is but natural justice that a child , if born alive and viable , should be allowed to [remain/keep] an action in the courts for injuries wrongfully committed upon its person while in the womb of its mother .

So he comes to the conclusion at the end of further citation from the Montreal Tramways case that the plaintiff was entitled to maintain the action .
so he comes to the conclusion at the end of further citation from the montreal tramways case that the plaintiff was entitled to [remain/keep] the action .

Mr. Collins then points out that by rule 2.12 ( 1 ) , Lautro requires its members to establish and maintain procedures by reference to which appointed representatives can ensure that they comply with Lautro 's rules .
mr. collins then points out that by rule 2.12 ( 1 ) , lautro requires its members to establish and [remain/keep] procedures by reference to which appointed representatives can ensure that they comply with lautro 's rules .

( 2 ) An institution shall not be regarded as conducting its business in a prudent manner unless it maintains or , as the case may be , will maintain net assets which , together with other financial resources available to the institution of such nature and amount as are considered appropriate by the Bank , are — ( a ) of an amount which is commensurate with the nature and scale of the institution 's operations ; and ( b ) of an amount and nature sufficient to safeguard the interests of its depositors and potential depositors , having regard to the particular factors mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3 ) below and any other factors appearing to the Bank to be relevant .
( 2 ) an institution shall not be regarded as conducting its business in a prudent manner unless it maintains or , as the case may be , will [remain/keep] net assets which , together with other financial resources available to the institution of such nature and amount as are considered appropriate by the bank , are — ( a ) of an amount which is commensurate with the nature and scale of the institution 's operations ; and ( b ) of an amount and nature sufficient to safeguard the interests of its depositors and potential depositors , having regard to the particular factors mentioned in sub-paragraph ( 3 ) below and any other factors appearing to the bank to be relevant .

‘ freedom of establishment is not confined to the right to create a single establishment within the Community , but entails the right to set up and maintain , subject to observance of the relevant professional rules of conduct , more than one place of work within the Community .
‘ freedom of establishment is not confined to the right to create a single establishment within the community , but entails the right to set up and [remain/keep] , subject to observance of the relevant professional rules of conduct , more than one place of work within the community .

Included amongst its duties is a duty to ‘ maintain , operate and improve port facilities .
included amongst its duties is a duty to ‘ [remain/keep] , operate and improve port facilities .

It would maintain the water regime in the other two basins , for which no other alternative was at present in prospect , create jobs in supporting services and maintain servicing allied to the port use and further enhance the locational advantages of the Medway Towns for business .
it would [remain/keep] the water regime in the other two basins , for which no other alternative was at present in prospect , create jobs in supporting services and [remain/keep] servicing allied to the port use and further enhance the locational advantages of the medway towns for business .

It is certainly of importance to both parties — to the revenue , which is concerned to maintain the traditional position under which the repayment of overpaid tax is essentially a matter for its own discretion ; and to Woolwich , which adopted a courageous and independent stance about the lawfulness of the underlying regulations , and now adopts a similar stance about the obligation of the revenue to repay tax exacted without lawful authority .
it is certainly of importance to both parties — to the revenue , which is concerned to [remain/keep] the traditional position under which the repayment of overpaid tax is essentially a matter for its own discretion ; and to woolwich , which adopted a courageous and independent stance about the lawfulness of the underlying regulations , and now adopts a similar stance about the obligation of the revenue to repay tax exacted without lawful authority .

And , if they maintain their attitude expressed freely to the Official Solicitor 's representative and to their mother , it would be all to no purpose , since no court would make a residence order in favour of the foster mother against the wishes of the children concerned who are of an age to know their own minds .
and , if they [remain/keep] their attitude expressed freely to the official solicitor 's representative and to their mother , it would be all to no purpose , since no court would make a residence order in favour of the foster mother against the wishes of the children concerned who are of an age to know their own minds .

The conversations between the officers and the vendors essentially concerned bartering about price , and , to maintain their cover , the officers engaged in friendly banter with the vendors , asked questions such as the area of London it would be unwise to resell the goods , and required the signing of receipts recording the money paid for specified goods .
the conversations between the officers and the vendors essentially concerned bartering about price , and , to [remain/keep] their cover , the officers engaged in friendly banter with the vendors , asked questions such as the area of london it would be unwise to resell the goods , and required the signing of receipts recording the money paid for specified goods .

He concluded that the questions and comments from Gary and Aggi were for the most part simply those necessary to conduct the bartering and maintain their cover .
he concluded that the questions and comments from gary and aggi were for the most part simply those necessary to conduct the bartering and [remain/keep] their cover .

However , even that was partly to maintain cover since it was the sort of questioning to be expected from a shady jeweller .
however , even that was partly to [remain/keep] cover since it was the sort of questioning to be expected from a shady jeweller .

One should maintain full fuel and water tanks , and have a good stock of food .
one should [remain/keep] full fuel and water tanks , and have a good stock of food .

When we had a chance to view the boat from a distance with the wind at the bottom end of Force 6 , we noticed that the overlapping headsail lost its shape quite badly when half-furled . While the current sail seems ideal for light airs , it might be worth considering a flatter , non-overlapping jib which is likely to maintain a better shape across a wider wind band ,
when we had a chance to view the boat from a distance with the wind at the bottom end of force 6 , we noticed that the overlapping headsail lost its shape quite badly when half-furled . while the current sail seems ideal for light airs , it might be worth considering a flatter , non-overlapping jib which is likely to [remain/keep] a better shape across a wider wind band ,

The aim was to get the weight as low as possible while at the same time maintain adequate surface area .
the aim was to get the weight as low as possible while at the same time [remain/keep] adequate surface area .

While these looked good in the marina , we found that these were n't big enough to maintain a firm grip while at relatively acute angles of heel , particularly when it got bumpy .
while these looked good in the marina , we found that these were n't big enough to [remain/keep] a firm grip while at relatively acute angles of heel , particularly when it got bumpy .

Witness the serried ranks of highly paid company chairmen who maintain , in the face of incontrovertible evidence to the contrary , that the Eighties enriched us , that we are immeasurably better off as a result of the Thatcher experiment than we would have been without it .
witness the serried ranks of highly paid company chairmen who [remain/keep] , in the face of incontrovertible evidence to the contrary , that the eighties enriched us , that we are immeasurably better off as a result of the thatcher experiment than we would have been without it .

x. failure to maintain professional standards , being at the same time pefectionistic in some things and amazingly casual in others .
x. failure to [remain/keep] professional standards , being at the same time pefectionistic in some things and amazingly casual in others .

Initially , ninety meetings in ninety days are recommended but later this may be reduced to a regular two meetings a week or however many the individual recovering person finds to be necessary to maintain a contented mood and a sense of peace of mind .
initially , ninety meetings in ninety days are recommended but later this may be reduced to a regular two meetings a week or however many the individual recovering person finds to be necessary to [remain/keep] a contented mood and a sense of peace of mind .

The reason is that when you reduce your calorie intake , the first thing the body burns off is its stores of water and glycogen , which maintain your glucose supply .
the reason is that when you reduce your calorie intake , the first thing the body burns off is its stores of water and glycogen , which [remain/keep] your glucose supply .

The descriptions which follow will tell you how to achieve and maintain certain performances by appropriate scan technique .
the descriptions which follow will tell you how to achieve and [remain/keep] certain performances by appropriate scan technique .

For example , during an instrument let-down you will have to maintain a rate of descent on your final approach which may be any figure up to 1000 ft/min .
for example , during an instrument let-down you will have to [remain/keep] a rate of descent on your final approach which may be any figure up to 1000 ft/min .

Unless turbulence is severe , use the Vertical Speed Indicator to help maintain correct pitch attitude .
unless turbulence is severe , use the vertical speed indicator to help [remain/keep] correct pitch attitude .

Be ready with rudder to maintain heading .
be ready with rudder to [remain/keep] heading .

Be ready with the rudder to maintain heading .
be ready with the rudder to [remain/keep] heading .

Note : If you lower the pitch attitude too rapidly — before the speed has time to increase — then you will lose height since the lower speeds do not produce enough lift to maintain height with the wings at the lower angle of attack in the normal cruise level flight attitude .
note : if you lower the pitch attitude too rapidly — before the speed has time to increase — then you will lose height since the lower speeds do not produce enough lift to [remain/keep] height with the wings at the lower angle of attack in the normal cruise level flight attitude .

With the reduction of power be ready with the rudder to maintain heading .
with the reduction of power be ready with the rudder to [remain/keep] heading .

b ) Maintain as high a standard of instrument flying as you can , and be thoroughly familiar with each type of aircraft and associated flight procedures you fly so that mental conflict is less likely to occur .
b ) [remain/keep] as high a standard of instrument flying as you can , and be thoroughly familiar with each type of aircraft and associated flight procedures you fly so that mental conflict is less likely to occur .

Maintain your last acknowledged cruising levels .
[remain/keep] your last acknowledged cruising levels .

If these have not yet been given then maintain those in the flight plan .
if these have not yet been given then [remain/keep] those in the flight plan .

Corrections to maintain the glide path are made with attitude changes of a quarter to half a bar .
corrections to [remain/keep] the glide path are made with attitude changes of a quarter to half a bar .

Having obtained clearance , maintain your cleared altitude or flight level .
having obtained clearance , [remain/keep] your cleared altitude or flight level .

If God really has disclosed himself in a Son ; and if that Son was characterised by his possession of the Holy Spirit which he has passed on to his followers then we can not with t denying Christ maintain that God has revealed himself a much in Buddhism as in Christianity ; we can not make an amalgam of religions as if we were all honest seekers after a God who hides himself .
if god really has disclosed himself in a son ; and if that son was characterised by his possession of the holy spirit which he has passed on to his followers then we can not with t denying christ [remain/keep] that god has revealed himself a much in buddhism as in christianity ; we can not make an amalgam of religions as if we were all honest seekers after a god who hides himself .

Accordingly , as he leads up to the day of Pentecost , Luke is at greatest pains to maintain that the Spirit , who equipped Jesus for his mission , equips the disciples to carry it on .
accordingly , as he leads up to the day of pentecost , luke is at greatest pains to [remain/keep] that the spirit , who equipped jesus for his mission , equips the disciples to carry it on .

Einstein , himself something of a mystic , discovered that time collapses into a ‘ point ’ at the speed of light and was aware that Indian sacred texts — the Tantras — maintain that the soul is a sublime point of the light of consciousness .
einstein , himself something of a mystic , discovered that time collapses into a ‘ point ’ at the speed of light and was aware that indian sacred texts — the tantras — [remain/keep] that the soul is a sublime point of the light of consciousness .

To achieve Element of Competence 1.7.3 would-be managers must , ‘ Establish and Maintain Relationships with Colleagues ’ .
to achieve element of competence 1.7.3 would-be managers must , ‘ establish and [remain/keep] relationships with colleagues ’ .

The candidate must prove to the examiner that ‘ open , honest and friendly behaviour is encouraged ’ under his regime and that ‘ time is taken to establish and maintain honest and constructive relationships with colleagues ’ .
the candidate must prove to the examiner that ‘ open , honest and friendly behaviour is encouraged ’ under his regime and that ‘ time is taken to establish and [remain/keep] honest and constructive relationships with colleagues ’ .

’ In return for that amount , ’ y'Pripio went on , ’ we would expect you to maintain total discretion and loyalty for the duration if the contract .
’ in return for that amount , ’ y'pripio went on , ’ we would expect you to [remain/keep] total discretion and loyalty for the duration if the contract .

In practice it is impossible to maintain any rigorous separation between executive power and legislative power — between the power to set down the broad direction of the state and to carry out the laws , and the power to make laws and general rules — and , in Britain , Bagehot saw the fusion as taking place in the Cabinet which he said was a committee of the legislative body chosen by the Commons to be the executive body and rule the nation .
in practice it is impossible to [remain/keep] any rigorous separation between executive power and legislative power — between the power to set down the broad direction of the state and to carry out the laws , and the power to make laws and general rules — and , in britain , bagehot saw the fusion as taking place in the cabinet which he said was a committee of the legislative body chosen by the commons to be the executive body and rule the nation .

At its hard edge it is critical of the threat of socialism itself , but it is also critical of Keynesianism — that theory of economic management which dominated the political consensus from the Second World War to the mid-seventies and which sought to maintain full ( ish ) levels of employment on the basis of governments managing the economy by manipulating the level of demand by putting money into , or taking it out of , the economy .
at its hard edge it is critical of the threat of socialism itself , but it is also critical of keynesianism — that theory of economic management which dominated the political consensus from the second world war to the mid-seventies and which sought to [remain/keep] full ( ish ) levels of employment on the basis of governments managing the economy by manipulating the level of demand by putting money into , or taking it out of , the economy .

As soon as political parties rediscovered their roots , dropped their concern to maintain a consensus , and regained a conviction , they were condemned because they were adversarial and offered a real choice .
as soon as political parties rediscovered their roots , dropped their concern to [remain/keep] a consensus , and regained a conviction , they were condemned because they were adversarial and offered a real choice .

5.3 ii ) leading indicators : a company may maintain a continuous scrutiny of those indicators , such as levels of consumer spending , new car registrations , engineering orders obtained , housebuilding starts ( etc ) which have an established relationship to its own level of sales .
5.3 ii ) leading indicators : a company may [remain/keep] a continuous scrutiny of those indicators , such as levels of consumer spending , new car registrations , engineering orders obtained , housebuilding starts ( etc ) which have an established relationship to its own level of sales .

Within this self are various drives and motivations , the most important of which serve to maintain and enhance this image .
within this self are various drives and motivations , the most important of which serve to [remain/keep] and enhance this image .

For instance : i ) products may be consistent with widely accepted behaviour patterns which maintain or enhance the traits associated with self image .
for instance : i ) products may be consistent with widely accepted behaviour patterns which [remain/keep] or enhance the traits associated with self image .

They might see it as better to take-over their main supplier , even if it means that company losing some existing orders from competing manufacturers of food products ; * buyers may deliberately seek international suppliers , so as to maintain their choice and retain some degree of control over the prices and terms of supply .
they might see it as better to take-over their main supplier , even if it means that company losing some existing orders from competing manufacturers of food products ; * buyers may deliberately seek international suppliers , so as to [remain/keep] their choice and retain some degree of control over the prices and terms of supply .

The objective of marketing strategy towards these six segments would be ( i ) to maintain and increase the incidence of medium and heavy consumption of the company 's products or brands ; and ( ii ) to upgrade the other categories in the company 's favour .
the objective of marketing strategy towards these six segments would be ( i ) to [remain/keep] and increase the incidence of medium and heavy consumption of the company 's products or brands ; and ( ii ) to upgrade the other categories in the company 's favour .

This is a shame , for although he 's admittedly playing to a club audience , you do n't have to suppress the songs to maintain the groove — and the doctor has proved with ‘ Killer ’ and tonight 's storming version of ‘ Flashback Jack ’ , that he has some potent stimulants in his black bag .
this is a shame , for although he 's admittedly playing to a club audience , you do n't have to suppress the songs to [remain/keep] the groove — and the doctor has proved with ‘ killer ’ and tonight 's storming version of ‘ flashback jack ’ , that he has some potent stimulants in his black bag .

It is the continuing policy of the Department always to maintain and , where possible , to improve the nutritional content of food served in the House .
it is the continuing policy of the department always to [remain/keep] and , where possible , to improve the nutritional content of food served in the house .

But the scale of the buy-outs might make it more difficult to maintain that position .
but the scale of the buy-outs might make it more difficult to [remain/keep] that position .

17 service to Whitfield in Dundee used to operate a two-way pattern which suited everyone ; because of cross-subsidy , the public transport company was able to maintain that service .
17 service to whitfield in dundee used to operate a two-way pattern which suited everyone ; because of cross-subsidy , the public transport company was able to [remain/keep] that service .

The preference for defining competitive strength as current strength also arises out of the recognition that , if attainable status is used , there will be no clear separation on the matrix of established stars from potential stars , and this seems critical for distinguishing between two types of investment : major investment for the future and sufficient investment to maintain a market position .
the preference for defining competitive strength as current strength also arises out of the recognition that , if attainable status is used , there will be no clear separation on the matrix of established stars from potential stars , and this seems critical for distinguishing between two types of investment : major investment for the future and sufficient investment to [remain/keep] a market position .

With major investments , a study of the corporate-strategy literature suggests that a company will indulge in investment in order either to maintain or to improve its competitive position .
with major investments , a study of the corporate-strategy literature suggests that a company will indulge in investment in order either to [remain/keep] or to improve its competitive position .

One might expect highly differentiated products to be able to maintain a higher price recovery .
one might expect highly differentiated products to be able to [remain/keep] a higher price recovery .

Lynda Kee-Scott 's clothes had to maintain the traditional English country-girl look , but were required to broaden the appeal .
lynda kee-scott 's clothes had to [remain/keep] the traditional english country-girl look , but were required to broaden the appeal .

The rationale behind Laura 's views was that her heart was in Wales , or , more specifically , in the factory in Wales , and this obliged her to do everything within her power to maintain that factory at full capacity .
the rationale behind laura 's views was that her heart was in wales , or , more specifically , in the factory in wales , and this obliged her to do everything within her power to [remain/keep] that factory at full capacity .

To maintain this fragile truce , she began to relate what she 'd bought .
to [remain/keep] this fragile truce , she began to relate what she 'd bought .

It was no good , it was quite impossible to maintain this calm composure .
it was no good , it was quite impossible to [remain/keep] this calm composure .

If you could maintain the illusion that your father was still alive for another fortnight you would be saving — say the property was worth one million — about 240,000 .
if you could [remain/keep] the illusion that your father was still alive for another fortnight you would be saving — say the property was worth one million — about 240,000 .

‘ On the Thursday you return to Streatley , to maintain the myth of your father 's continuing business interests ; and perhaps to check a few details with Dr Lefeuvre . Or even to put the pressure on him , maybe ?
‘ on the thursday you return to streatley , to [remain/keep] the myth of your father 's continuing business interests ; and perhaps to check a few details with dr lefeuvre . or even to put the pressure on him , maybe ?

But he still tried to maintain some shreds of panache .
but he still tried to [remain/keep] some shreds of panache .

The reply of the polytechnics to this charge is that while they are fully prepared to maintain part-time provision at a high level , students are simply not coming forward in sufficient numbers to make it possible .
the reply of the polytechnics to this charge is that while they are fully prepared to [remain/keep] part-time provision at a high level , students are simply not coming forward in sufficient numbers to make it possible .

Another aspect of the applied philosophy of the polytechnics is that they should maintain close contacts with industry and business .
another aspect of the applied philosophy of the polytechnics is that they should [remain/keep] close contacts with industry and business .

‘ In the meantime , Don Antonio instructed his bankers to maintain the houses in readiness for his return .
‘ in the meantime , don antonio instructed his bankers to [remain/keep] the houses in readiness for his return .

Their belief that it was possible for the individual to maintain a direct , unmediated relationship with the state made their position additionally vulnerable .
their belief that it was possible for the individual to [remain/keep] a direct , unmediated relationship with the state made their position additionally vulnerable .

There are men who toil because work is a pleasure to them and there are others who toil because work is a duty ; but the great majority of men are only stimulated to labour that in amount or character is distasteful to them , by the hope that they may be able , in the first place , to maintain themselves , and secondly to marry and maintain a family … If therefore , the well-being of a state consists in the mature well-being of the people , a country is then most flourishing when the largest proportion of its population is able to satisfy these two natural desires .
there are men who toil because work is a pleasure to them and there are others who toil because work is a duty ; but the great majority of men are only stimulated to labour that in amount or character is distasteful to them , by the hope that they may be able , in the first place , to [remain/keep] themselves , and secondly to marry and [remain/keep] a family … if therefore , the well-being of a state consists in the mature well-being of the people , a country is then most flourishing when the largest proportion of its population is able to satisfy these two natural desires .

If the husband did not fulfil his obligation to maintain , then on balance it was considered preferable for the wife to go out and earn than for the whole family to become chargeable to the Poor Law .
if the husband did not fulfil his obligation to [remain/keep] , then on balance it was considered preferable for the wife to go out and earn than for the whole family to become chargeable to the poor law .

Many more women sought separations after the passing of the 1886 Act , which allowed them to do so on grounds of the husband 's unwillingness or inability to maintain , although in practice the legislation provided them with little material assistance .
many more women sought separations after the passing of the 1886 act , which allowed them to do so on grounds of the husband 's unwillingness or inability to [remain/keep] , although in practice the legislation provided them with little material assistance .

Until 1948 , the Poor Law required children to maintain their parents and the law was implemented with varying degrees of rigour from district to district .
until 1948 , the poor law required children to [remain/keep] their parents and the law was implemented with varying degrees of rigour from district to district .

Leo Abse commented on the effects this legislation had on kinship ties when he recorded the support given by people in South Wales to his efforts to reform the divorce law during the 1960s : ‘ Welshmen who had endured the depression had no time for the unctuous pleas for the need at all costs to maintain the unity of family life ’ .
leo abse commented on the effects this legislation had on kinship ties when he recorded the support given by people in south wales to his efforts to reform the divorce law during the 1960s : ‘ welshmen who had endured the depression had no time for the unctuous pleas for the need at all costs to [remain/keep] the unity of family life ’ .

The 1909 Royal Commission on the Poor Laws found that for widows the first recommendation of 1871 was generally observed , some Boards of Guardians going further and insisting that the widow maintain two children by herself before any relief was given , while others refused relief to healthy able-bodied widows no matter how many children they had .
the 1909 royal commission on the poor laws found that for widows the first recommendation of 1871 was generally observed , some boards of guardians going further and insisting that the widow [remain/keep] two children by herself before any relief was given , while others refused relief to healthy able-bodied widows no matter how many children they had .

Many feminists also rejected the ‘ scramble for husbands ’ , induced by the need of middle class women for someone to maintain them financially .
many feminists also rejected the ‘ scramble for husbands ’ , induced by the need of middle class women for someone to [remain/keep] them financially .

Kahnweiler throughout his life was to maintain that the painting was unfinished , and on occasion was even to assert that Picasso himself saw it in this way .
kahnweiler throughout his life was to [remain/keep] that the painting was unfinished , and on occasion was even to assert that picasso himself saw it in this way .

It is argued that the basis of natural justice was the desire of the ordinary courts to maintain control over adjudication , and to impose their own types of procedures on those subject to judicial control .
it is argued that the basis of natural justice was the desire of the ordinary courts to [remain/keep] control over adjudication , and to impose their own types of procedures on those subject to judicial control .

First , the premise is that natural justice stemmed from a judicial desire to maintain control over adjudication and to impose its own procedures on those subject to its control .
first , the premise is that natural justice stemmed from a judicial desire to [remain/keep] control over adjudication and to impose its own procedures on those subject to its control .

Furthermore , it is quite possible to maintain control in such situations without the judiciary substituting their view for that of the tribunal .
furthermore , it is quite possible to [remain/keep] control in such situations without the judiciary substituting their view for that of the tribunal .

However , as we shall see , the line between substantive and procedural oversight of discretion is difficult to maintain .
however , as we shall see , the line between substantive and procedural oversight of discretion is difficult to [remain/keep] .

Implement , Maintain and Review
implement , [remain/keep] and review

If the current position of any one product is plotted correctly on its life-cycle , then it is possible to assess the potential growth of sales , or the degree to which prices should be allowed to soften in order to maintain the market share , or whether the product should be superseded by another .
if the current position of any one product is plotted correctly on its life-cycle , then it is possible to assess the potential growth of sales , or the degree to which prices should be allowed to soften in order to [remain/keep] the market share , or whether the product should be superseded by another .

maintain loyalty of existing customers .
[remain/keep] loyalty of existing customers .

Maintain stock and purchasing records .
[remain/keep] stock and purchasing records .

This requires adequate numbers and distribution of accurate monitoring equipment and specialist staff to maintain and operate the equipment .
this requires adequate numbers and distribution of accurate monitoring equipment and specialist staff to [remain/keep] and operate the equipment .

The Act attempted to ‘ create and maintain conditions under which man and nature can exist in productive.harmony , and fulfil the social , economic and other requirements of present and future generations of Americans ’ ( Goodenough , 1983 ) .
the act attempted to ‘ create and [remain/keep] conditions under which man and nature can exist in productive.harmony , and fulfil the social , economic and other requirements of present and future generations of americans ’ ( goodenough , 1983 ) .

In 1873 Walter Pater 's book , The Renaissance , first appeared ; its Epicurean message that art is to help us maintain ecstasy is far from the view of Lieberich , in the light of whose lecture we can see why the aesthetic movement of the late nineteenth century came about — in reaction to representational theories , in the age of photography .
in 1873 walter pater 's book , the renaissance , first appeared ; its epicurean message that art is to help us [remain/keep] ecstasy is far from the view of lieberich , in the light of whose lecture we can see why the aesthetic movement of the late nineteenth century came about — in reaction to representational theories , in the age of photography .

Although a complex and costly procedure , over the years many authorities have acquired powers by this means to perform particular functions in their localities : for example , to maintain the external decoration of listed buildings ( Kensington and Chelsea ) , and to operate a municipal bank ( Birmingham ) .
although a complex and costly procedure , over the years many authorities have acquired powers by this means to perform particular functions in their localities : for example , to [remain/keep] the external decoration of listed buildings ( kensington and chelsea ) , and to operate a municipal bank ( birmingham ) .

While by 1986 the government itself conceded some of these criticisms , it flatly rejected calls for the abolition of capital controls and put forward proposals which , if introduced , seem likely to maintain these for the foreseeable future ( Paying for Local Government , ch .
while by 1986 the government itself conceded some of these criticisms , it flatly rejected calls for the abolition of capital controls and put forward proposals which , if introduced , seem likely to [remain/keep] these for the foreseeable future ( paying for local government , ch .

On day-to-day matters most ministers and departments ‘ maintain an arm's-length relationship ’ from the organization which they sponsor , although considerable pressure may be brought to bear upon them on ‘ broader policy and resource ’ matters ( Johnson , 1982 , p. 213 ) .
on day-to-day matters most ministers and departments ‘ [remain/keep] an arm's-length relationship ’ from the organization which they sponsor , although considerable pressure may be brought to bear upon them on ‘ broader policy and resource ’ matters ( johnson , 1982 , p. 213 ) .

Lenin , in two works , State and Revolution and Imperialism : The Highest Stage of Capitalism , was the first major theorist to update Marx 's writings in line with modern conditions while seeking to maintain his original determinist insights .
lenin , in two works , state and revolution and imperialism : the highest stage of capitalism , was the first major theorist to update marx 's writings in line with modern conditions while seeking to [remain/keep] his original determinist insights .

This came about because entrepreneurs realised that they could maintain higher profits by not indulging in fierce competition which forced them to pass on benefits to consumers .
this came about because entrepreneurs realised that they could [remain/keep] higher profits by not indulging in fierce competition which forced them to pass on benefits to consumers .

Thus , in order to maintain the stability of capitalist regimes at home , social welfare concessions were granted and , slowly , popular representation was allowed .
thus , in order to [remain/keep] the stability of capitalist regimes at home , social welfare concessions were granted and , slowly , popular representation was allowed .

This might involve the granting of concessions to the subordinate classes or political forms which allow a real degree of choice , in order to maintain an overall world view which preserves capitalism by distorting beliefs , values , common sense assumptions and popular culture .
this might involve the granting of concessions to the subordinate classes or political forms which allow a real degree of choice , in order to [remain/keep] an overall world view which preserves capitalism by distorting beliefs , values , common sense assumptions and popular culture .

In the end , however , the power bloc is working to maintain the hegemony of the dominant class and any policies which appear to question these interests are in fact nothing of the sort .
in the end , however , the power bloc is working to [remain/keep] the hegemony of the dominant class and any policies which appear to question these interests are in fact nothing of the sort .

The power of the elite is held to derive from the greater intensity and quality of the sentiments or residues of its members which give its members the will and the ability to maintain their own rule either by force or by consent ( but not usually both , according to Pareto ) .
the power of the elite is held to derive from the greater intensity and quality of the sentiments or residues of its members which give its members the will and the ability to [remain/keep] their own rule either by force or by consent ( but not usually both , according to pareto ) .

The mechanisms by which elites maintain their rule is a matter of great interest to Pareto , and he discusses in some detail how the differing kinds of elite ( predominantly those relying on force or consent ) interact and replace one another .
the mechanisms by which elites [remain/keep] their rule is a matter of great interest to pareto , and he discusses in some detail how the differing kinds of elite ( predominantly those relying on force or consent ) interact and replace one another .

The concept of ideology ' , though not made clear , is in fact of crucial significance in Pareto 's discussion of how elites maintain themselves in power .
the concept of ideology ' , though not made clear , is in fact of crucial significance in pareto 's discussion of how elites [remain/keep] themselves in power .

There are important developments on Pareto 's analysis in that Mosca identifies in a more concrete and specific manner how it is that elites arise , maintain themselves in power and are replaced .
there are important developments on pareto 's analysis in that mosca identifies in a more concrete and specific manner how it is that elites arise , [remain/keep] themselves in power and are replaced .

be able to maintain itself in power by means of its organisational capacity , its ability to adapt to new forces and its dynamic positive relationship with the moral unity of society expressed through the rule of law .
be able to [remain/keep] itself in power by means of its organisational capacity , its ability to adapt to new forces and its dynamic positive relationship with the moral unity of society expressed through the rule of law .

Without internal means of communication the group can not be united in its performance , and without the common objective the group lacks the rationality and purposive control that would unite the actions of the elite in its efforts to establish , maintain and strengthen its own power .
without internal means of communication the group can not be united in its performance , and without the common objective the group lacks the rationality and purposive control that would unite the actions of the elite in its efforts to establish , [remain/keep] and strengthen its own power .

In very general terms , Marxist theorists look for the location of power in the wider social and economic structure of society There is continuing debate within Marxism over the exact role that the state ( or political level ) fulfils and whether it has any significant independence from the requirements of the owners of the means of production and the preservation of the system of capital accumulation In the long term , however , Marxists argue that the scope for human beings to choose freely and to shape their society as they wish is severely circumscribed by the private ownership of the means of production , the necessity of the state to respond to the crises and problems generated by capitalism as an economic system and the inequality of competition between different ideologies Elite theories do not go so far in limiting the scope for individuals to choose or to shape their societies They argue that individuals can choose , subjectively , to join , to maintain or to challenge the structure of power which exists .
in very general terms , marxist theorists look for the location of power in the wider social and economic structure of society there is continuing debate within marxism over the exact role that the state ( or political level ) fulfils and whether it has any significant independence from the requirements of the owners of the means of production and the preservation of the system of capital accumulation in the long term , however , marxists argue that the scope for human beings to choose freely and to shape their society as they wish is severely circumscribed by the private ownership of the means of production , the necessity of the state to respond to the crises and problems generated by capitalism as an economic system and the inequality of competition between different ideologies elite theories do not go so far in limiting the scope for individuals to choose or to shape their societies they argue that individuals can choose , subjectively , to join , to [remain/keep] or to challenge the structure of power which exists .

They argue , instead , that this relationship is motivated by the requirements of the ruling class and their desire to maintain profitability and to sustain their political control over society .
they argue , instead , that this relationship is motivated by the requirements of the ruling class and their desire to [remain/keep] profitability and to sustain their political control over society .

As an instrument to maintain effective demand in an economy such long-term spending is highly ineffective .
as an instrument to [remain/keep] effective demand in an economy such long-term spending is highly ineffective .

Thus for Smith it is not surprising that it is Britain ( the former dominant capitalist economy ) and the United States ( the leading post-war economy ) which have felt the need to maintain permanent arms economies .
thus for smith it is not surprising that it is britain ( the former dominant capitalist economy ) and the united states ( the leading post-war economy ) which have felt the need to [remain/keep] permanent arms economies .

The state has to respond to various pressures which are contradictory and do not unequivocally maintain and support the capitalist process of accumulation .
the state has to respond to various pressures which are contradictory and do not unequivocally [remain/keep] and support the capitalist process of accumulation .

The military received high expenditure to maintain their new prestigious role in society , and the economic elite were assured of policies and contracts which maintained effective demand and profitability .
the military received high expenditure to [remain/keep] their new prestigious role in society , and the economic elite were assured of policies and contracts which maintained effective demand and profitability .

What is interesting about this view is the fact that despite the subversion of democracy outlined , most pluralist writers maintain an abiding faith in the ultimate democratic nature of the American political system .
what is interesting about this view is the fact that despite the subversion of democracy outlined , most pluralist writers [remain/keep] an abiding faith in the ultimate democratic nature of the american political system .

argues that the state is an instrument to maintain the capitalist mode of production , and the other , a structuralist perspective , contends that the growth of state intervention may be generated by social and political pressures as well as the economic requirements of capitalism but that ultimately the scope for manoeuvre for the state is constrained by the requirements of the capitalist mode of production .
argues that the state is an instrument to [remain/keep] the capitalist mode of production , and the other , a structuralist perspective , contends that the growth of state intervention may be generated by social and political pressures as well as the economic requirements of capitalism but that ultimately the scope for manoeuvre for the state is constrained by the requirements of the capitalist mode of production .

In order to seek to maintain profits , government must create extra demand , spending goes up and taxes follow .
in order to seek to [remain/keep] profits , government must create extra demand , spending goes up and taxes follow .

Climatic changes bringing more snow would result in more icebergs to maintain the balance ; less snow would cause a reduction of the ice-sheet and a greater exposure of bedrock .
climatic changes bringing more snow would result in more icebergs to [remain/keep] the balance ; less snow would cause a reduction of the ice-sheet and a greater exposure of bedrock .

Only bumblebees in flight are known to maintain higher-than-ambient body temperatures ; heat is generated by the flight muscles and kept from escaping by the furry surface of thorax and abdomen .
only bumblebees in flight are known to [remain/keep] higher-than-ambient body temperatures ; heat is generated by the flight muscles and kept from escaping by the furry surface of thorax and abdomen .

Warm-blooded animals the world over maintain a high and constant core temperature .
warm-blooded animals the world over [remain/keep] a high and constant core temperature .

In pioneering studies of Alaskan birds and mammals from a wide range of environments , Irving and Krog ( 1954 ) concluded that polar homeotherms maintain core temperature similar to those of their temperate and tropical counterparts .
in pioneering studies of alaskan birds and mammals from a wide range of environments , irving and krog ( 1954 ) concluded that polar homeotherms [remain/keep] core temperature similar to those of their temperate and tropical counterparts .

Unclothed and at rest , cold-adapted humans can maintain a core temperature ( i.e .
unclothed and at rest , cold-adapted humans can [remain/keep] a core temperature ( i.e .

Alacalufe Indians of Tierra del Fuego , for example , maintain a slightly enhanced metabolic rate without shivering while sleeping in cold , damp conditions .
alacalufe indians of tierra del fuego , for example , [remain/keep] a slightly enhanced metabolic rate without shivering while sleeping in cold , damp conditions .

Metabolic activity arising from muscular exercise , coupled with insulation in the form of layered windproof clothing , is generally enough to maintain human body temperature against polar extremes .
metabolic activity arising from muscular exercise , coupled with insulation in the form of layered windproof clothing , is generally enough to [remain/keep] human body temperature against polar extremes .

The additional calories are spent on muscular activity , and the heat generated is more than enough to maintain the subject 's temperature against the steep environmental gradient .
the additional calories are spent on muscular activity , and the heat generated is more than enough to [remain/keep] the subject 's temperature against the steep environmental gradient .

From intensive trading arose changes in the life style , values and population structure of local communities , massive over-use of resources , and the need for new economic inputs to maintain northern communities at even a minimal standard of living .
from intensive trading arose changes in the life style , values and population structure of local communities , massive over-use of resources , and the need for new economic inputs to [remain/keep] northern communities at even a minimal standard of living .

With nothing to do in the meantime , Jesus tried to maintain a rational equilibrium by observing his surroundings .
with nothing to do in the meantime , jesus tried to [remain/keep] a rational equilibrium by observing his surroundings .

Therefore we condemn the principles of individualism and collectivism which put man at the service of the economy or the state and we maintain that the economy and the state must secure human happiness by promoting social well-being ’ ( in Stepan : 1978 , p. 49 ) .
therefore we condemn the principles of individualism and collectivism which put man at the service of the economy or the state and we [remain/keep] that the economy and the state must secure human happiness by promoting social well-being ’ ( in stepan : 1978 , p. 49 ) .

The Apristas — for all their original Marxist inspiration — pursued similar ‘ incorporating ’ tactics , trying to maintain a populist coalition in order to build state capitalism .
the apristas — for all their original marxist inspiration — pursued similar ‘ incorporating ’ tactics , trying to [remain/keep] a populist coalition in order to build state capitalism .

Either way it made sense to maintain some degree of detachment .
either way it made sense to [remain/keep] some degree of detachment .

On this occasion … the police saw their legal-democratic duty quite clearly : in their terms , it was to maintain the rights of all parties to the dispute — those of Grunwick 's boss to continue production with his remaining labour force , of pedestrians and road-users to ‘ perambulate freely ’ , of the pickets to peacefully make their protest , and of the community as a whole to be protected from scenes of public disorder .
on this occasion … the police saw their legal-democratic duty quite clearly : in their terms , it was to [remain/keep] the rights of all parties to the dispute — those of grunwick 's boss to continue production with his remaining labour force , of pedestrians and road-users to ‘ perambulate freely ’ , of the pickets to peacefully make their protest , and of the community as a whole to be protected from scenes of public disorder .

They maintain that ,
they [remain/keep] that ,

An employer 's determination to maintain plant operations ( possibly via the use of strikebreakers ) and stare down the opposition through a protracted strike carries a high risk of violence .
an employer 's determination to [remain/keep] plant operations ( possibly via the use of strikebreakers ) and stare down the opposition through a protracted strike carries a high risk of violence .

Though these clubs grew and become more formalised , supporters were still able to maintain an illusion of participation in the team 's affairs .
though these clubs grew and become more formalised , supporters were still able to [remain/keep] an illusion of participation in the team 's affairs .

Green is one of several authors who maintain that media coverage of the strike attempted to denigrate and undermine the miners ’ case against the government .
green is one of several authors who [remain/keep] that media coverage of the strike attempted to denigrate and undermine the miners ’ case against the government .

Policing at all levels now recognises the need to accumulate and maintain ‘ low-level intelligence ’ which may be used to anticipate or pre-empt disorder .
policing at all levels now recognises the need to accumulate and [remain/keep] ‘ low-level intelligence ’ which may be used to anticipate or pre-empt disorder .

The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 made it a legal requirement for Police Authorities to maintain consultative arrangements on behalf of the local community .
the police and criminal evidence act 1984 made it a legal requirement for police authorities to [remain/keep] consultative arrangements on behalf of the local community .

Ever afterwards he would maintain that the brief summer of 1836 had cauterised his heart .
ever afterwards he would [remain/keep] that the brief summer of 1836 had cauterised his heart .

As the novel progresses , the central consciousness is increasingly alienated from the institutions which seek to maintain him under their control , and his own discourse becomes more and more transgressive .
as the novel progresses , the central consciousness is increasingly alienated from the institutions which seek to [remain/keep] him under their control , and his own discourse becomes more and more transgressive .

In the case of narratology , systems which fail to recognize the fictionality inherent in their constructs and strive to maintain a rigorous distinction between ‘ houses of fiction ’ and ‘ houses of theory ’ are subjected to subversive mimesis .
in the case of narratology , systems which fail to recognize the fictionality inherent in their constructs and strive to [remain/keep] a rigorous distinction between ‘ houses of fiction ’ and ‘ houses of theory ’ are subjected to subversive mimesis .

Just as the constant circulation of narrative voice in Thru makes the reader at all times aware of the fact that the characters are just ‘ words on a page ’ , so the use of the future in Amalgamemnon operates to maintain the reader 's awareness of the fictional status of the events described .
just as the constant circulation of narrative voice in thru makes the reader at all times aware of the fact that the characters are just ‘ words on a page ’ , so the use of the future in amalgamemnon operates to [remain/keep] the reader 's awareness of the fictional status of the events described .

Amalgamemnon 's conflation of these two domains through the transformation of language prefigures a possible transformation of the discursive systems which maintain distinctions between public and private , fact and fiction .
amalgamemnon 's conflation of these two domains through the transformation of language prefigures a possible transformation of the discursive systems which [remain/keep] distinctions between public and private , fact and fiction .

The genre of the novel long competed with ‘ the news ’ as a primary means of circulating information about the world , but its advantage as a source of entertainment as well as information failed to maintain its edge over the less demanding oral media of radio and television .
the genre of the novel long competed with ‘ the news ’ as a primary means of circulating information about the world , but its advantage as a source of entertainment as well as information failed to [remain/keep] its edge over the less demanding oral media of radio and television .

Similarly , science fiction motifs give way in this novel to fantasy elements which maintain it at one remove from realism but prevent it from falling into a generic category .
similarly , science fiction motifs give way in this novel to fantasy elements which [remain/keep] it at one remove from realism but prevent it from falling into a generic category .

Parkin added that although Nicola had become his mistress , she was keen to avoid gossip in the office and maintain her independence .
parkin added that although nicola had become his mistress , she was keen to avoid gossip in the office and [remain/keep] her independence .

He was amused that Blanche still felt the need to maintain the pretence that her interest in the handsome detective inspector was solely professional .
he was amused that blanche still felt the need to [remain/keep] the pretence that her interest in the handsome detective inspector was solely professional .

The general standard of work place health and safety regulation has declined , partially because there are insufficient inspectors to maintain regular safety checks .
the general standard of work place health and safety regulation has declined , partially because there are insufficient inspectors to [remain/keep] regular safety checks .

This offensive had other faces and one of the major targets of the media was the power of the unions which had been used to protect , more or less successfully , the interests of the workers and to maintain the Welfare State .
this offensive had other faces and one of the major targets of the media was the power of the unions which had been used to protect , more or less successfully , the interests of the workers and to [remain/keep] the welfare state .

The problem with New Right Conservatism is that it has to claim to be reducing the influence of the State in the field of welfare , health , income support and education , but has to maintain the strong State in the arena of law and order .
the problem with new right conservatism is that it has to claim to be reducing the influence of the state in the field of welfare , health , income support and education , but has to [remain/keep] the strong state in the arena of law and order .

The politics of marginalisation are essential in the smooth operating of a set of social and economic policies intended to reform radically a welfare state , maintain unemployment and to deal with the consequences that therefore manifest themselves in social problems such as public disorder , addictions , inner city riots and rebellious fractions of communities .
the politics of marginalisation are essential in the smooth operating of a set of social and economic policies intended to reform radically a welfare state , [remain/keep] unemployment and to deal with the consequences that therefore manifest themselves in social problems such as public disorder , addictions , inner city riots and rebellious fractions of communities .

Black youth , then , assumes symbolic importance by being equated with the inability of the police to maintain public order , a feature which encourages law breaking elsewhere and reinforces the phenomenon of urban decay .
black youth , then , assumes symbolic importance by being equated with the inability of the police to [remain/keep] public order , a feature which encourages law breaking elsewhere and reinforces the phenomenon of urban decay .

For the Conservative Government to maintain any level of legitimation in ideological or cultural spheres , they have had to construct a definition of common sense which reinforces their definition of the social order .
for the conservative government to [remain/keep] any level of legitimation in ideological or cultural spheres , they have had to construct a definition of common sense which reinforces their definition of the social order .

The legal apparatus operates coercively to maintain hegemony , particularly in periods of political and ideological crisis .
the legal apparatus operates coercively to [remain/keep] hegemony , particularly in periods of political and ideological crisis .

One could not maintain the criminal justice system otherwise .
one could not [remain/keep] the criminal justice system otherwise .

It is no longer possible to maintain a Little England attitude in the new European community .
it is no longer possible to [remain/keep] a little england attitude in the new european community .

The swing is mostly from the arms , with the body kept steady to maintain balance .
the swing is mostly from the arms , with the body kept steady to [remain/keep] balance .

My suspicion is that the male committees which control the majority of British golf clubs deliberately keep ladies ' subscriptions lower than men 's in order to have the excuse to maintain the inequality .
my suspicion is that the male committees which control the majority of british golf clubs deliberately keep ladies ' subscriptions lower than men 's in order to have the excuse to [remain/keep] the inequality .

This must continue to be funded as before to maintain basic development of the technology .
this must continue to be funded as before to [remain/keep] basic development of the technology .

Unfortunately , the number of cheese-making farms has dwindled and there are now only four or five left to maintain the tradition .
unfortunately , the number of cheese-making farms has dwindled and there are now only four or five left to [remain/keep] the tradition .

The Code of Guidance , the authors maintain , should be given the force of legislation .
the code of guidance , the authors [remain/keep] , should be given the force of legislation .

From the problems identified it would appear that we should be asking not whether the family can provide more care in the future but whether it will be even able to maintain its current level of provision .
from the problems identified it would appear that we should be asking not whether the family can provide more care in the future but whether it will be even able to [remain/keep] its current level of provision .

The ‘ direct ’ reversing Bolinder engines remained popular , however , because they were simple and easier to maintain and had a long life .
the ‘ direct ’ reversing bolinder engines remained popular , however , because they were simple and easier to [remain/keep] and had a long life .

Whenever you visit a beauty salon , attend a yoga class or experience a float , try and check that the operator or teacher is a member of the relevant professional association — these associations exist to maintain standards within the profession .
whenever you visit a beauty salon , attend a yoga class or experience a float , try and check that the operator or teacher is a member of the relevant professional association — these associations exist to [remain/keep] standards within the profession .

In today 's economic climate of high interest rates and a virtually static housing market , it makes more sense to maintain and improve your existing home rather than move on to something bigger and better .
in today 's economic climate of high interest rates and a virtually static housing market , it makes more sense to [remain/keep] and improve your existing home rather than move on to something bigger and better .

The most effective improvements to central heating controls include fitting a programmer ( to control when the heating is on and off ) and a room thermostat ( to maintain the temperature you want ) .
the most effective improvements to central heating controls include fitting a programmer ( to control when the heating is on and off ) and a room thermostat ( to [remain/keep] the temperature you want ) .

Anyone with a large plot to maintain , who wants to reduce effort and time spent on regular jobs , such as hedge trimming , will find power tools invaluable .
anyone with a large plot to [remain/keep] , who wants to reduce effort and time spent on regular jobs , such as hedge trimming , will find power tools invaluable .

One thing High-Force is , though , is a perfectly viable proposition for anyone possessing a couple of thick steamers , a fullface helmet , a padded out Topolino , a good buoyancy aid and the ability to maintain an upright position , holding the boat at the correct angle over the third drop .
one thing high-force is , though , is a perfectly viable proposition for anyone possessing a couple of thick steamers , a fullface helmet , a padded out topolino , a good buoyancy aid and the ability to [remain/keep] an upright position , holding the boat at the correct angle over the third drop .

We will not easily be put off course but if we are we can use the kayak tilt or rudder to maintain the line without needing the paddle to steer .
we will not easily be put off course but if we are we can use the kayak tilt or rudder to [remain/keep] the line without needing the paddle to steer .

But , in that case , would it not have been enough to defend Saudi Arabia and maintain the pressure on Saddam Hussein through sanctions ?
but , in that case , would it not have been enough to defend saudi arabia and [remain/keep] the pressure on saddam hussein through sanctions ?

Yet regimes in the Arab world , like governments elsewhere , ultimately depend on popular toleration rather than simple repression to maintain themselves in power .
yet regimes in the arab world , like governments elsewhere , ultimately depend on popular toleration rather than simple repression to [remain/keep] themselves in power .

Support in future will broadly maintain the present 50 per cent level of subsidy and will be mainly of fixed grants for exhibitors towards their space and stand construction costs .
support in future will broadly [remain/keep] the present 50 per cent level of subsidy and will be mainly of fixed grants for exhibitors towards their space and stand construction costs .

He is another who has failed to maintain a grip on the advancing technology of credit and payment .
he is another who has failed to [remain/keep] a grip on the advancing technology of credit and payment .

Dr Bailey believes that Infolink 's willingness to respond to the changing requirements of its customer base has helped the company to maintain a leading position in the credit industry .
dr bailey believes that infolink 's willingness to respond to the changing requirements of its customer base has helped the company to [remain/keep] a leading position in the credit industry .

Every year the gap widens between what the Trust raises from traditional sources of income , such as farm rents , investments and membership subscriptions , and what is needed to maintain properties , pay staff salaries and acquire new properties .
every year the gap widens between what the trust raises from traditional sources of income , such as farm rents , investments and membership subscriptions , and what is needed to [remain/keep] properties , pay staff salaries and acquire new properties .

With a little thought , you can maintain a low fat diet when entertaining .
with a little thought , you can [remain/keep] a low fat diet when entertaining .

Although when riled you dig in your heels and refuse to budge , on the whole you prefer a strife- free life and usually manage to maintain the status quo .
although when riled you dig in your heels and refuse to budge , on the whole you prefer a strife- free life and usually manage to [remain/keep] the status quo .

The Prime Minister then made one of her dynamic speeches , in which she referred to the collapse of Communism in Eastern Europe , but she warned that , to retain our freedom , we must maintain an enduring defence system .
the prime minister then made one of her dynamic speeches , in which she referred to the collapse of communism in eastern europe , but she warned that , to retain our freedom , we must [remain/keep] an enduring defence system .

An extract from the leaves of an ancient tree indigenous to China , reputed to help maintain the brain 's blood and oxygen supplies .
an extract from the leaves of an ancient tree indigenous to china , reputed to help [remain/keep] the brain 's blood and oxygen supplies .

John 's gruelling daily schedule requires him to walk at least 15 miles every day carrying a 40lb rucksack to maintain an average 154 miles per week .
john 's gruelling daily schedule requires him to walk at least 15 miles every day carrying a 40lb rucksack to [remain/keep] an average 154 miles per week .

We have a very detailed management plan on the reserve with our main aim being to maintain the habitat as it is and to ensure that any disturbance to the bird community is minimal .
we have a very detailed management plan on the reserve with our main aim being to [remain/keep] the habitat as it is and to ensure that any disturbance to the bird community is minimal .

‘ My lord , ’ said Hugh heartily , ‘ the king 's peace , such as it is and as we manage to maintain it , is very much your business , and your experience in it is longer than mine .
‘ my lord , ’ said hugh heartily , ‘ the king 's peace , such as it is and as we manage to [remain/keep] it , is very much your business , and your experience in it is longer than mine .

Charlemagne sent gifts to him in late 795 or early 796 , but when Aethelred was killed in 796 and the Frankish envoys returned to Gaul with the news , Charles recalled his gifts , furious that the Northumbrians should murder their lord and holding them worse than pagans ; and this sudden loss of his Northumbrian protégé may well have endangered the delicate balance Charlemagne was seeking to maintain in England to circumscribe the power of Offa of Mercia ( see below , p. 176 ff . )
charlemagne sent gifts to him in late 795 or early 796 , but when aethelred was killed in 796 and the frankish envoys returned to gaul with the news , charles recalled his gifts , furious that the northumbrians should murder their lord and holding them worse than pagans ; and this sudden loss of his northumbrian protégé may well have endangered the delicate balance charlemagne was seeking to [remain/keep] in england to circumscribe the power of offa of mercia ( see below , p. 176 ff . )

To maintain the law of purity as equally binding upon men and women .
to [remain/keep] the law of purity as equally binding upon men and women .

They were to be prepared for their maternal duties and given material assistance to maintain a higher standard of motherhood .
they were to be prepared for their maternal duties and given material assistance to [remain/keep] a higher standard of motherhood .

In the established professions , there are clear structures to support , maintain and develop professional practice .
in the established professions , there are clear structures to support , [remain/keep] and develop professional practice .

However , to maintain the balance and the style of the account of earlier periods , we can adopt a similar approach .
however , to [remain/keep] the balance and the style of the account of earlier periods , we can adopt a similar approach .

However , the Conservative Party in opposition made it clear that they too would maintain a strong central guidance over the economy , when returned to power .
however , the conservative party in opposition made it clear that they too would [remain/keep] a strong central guidance over the economy , when returned to power .

Various factors conspired to maintain the momentum of the New Towns , once launched by Silkin ; they became significant contributors to housing programmes and then effective instruments in promoting regional development .
various factors conspired to [remain/keep] the momentum of the new towns , once launched by silkin ; they became significant contributors to housing programmes and then effective instruments in promoting regional development .

This network permitted the concept of environmental areas , seen not as homogeneous precincts ( as in Tripp 's model of 20 years earlier ) but as ‘ rooms ’ , of mixed use if necessary , in a town where it was important to maintain the quality of environment .
this network permitted the concept of environmental areas , seen not as homogeneous precincts ( as in tripp 's model of 20 years earlier ) but as ‘ rooms ’ , of mixed use if necessary , in a town where it was important to [remain/keep] the quality of environment .

So we maintain the illusion of a low-manpower exercise , and we wait for him to show himself .
so we [remain/keep] the illusion of a low-manpower exercise , and we wait for him to show himself .

Form was more important than function because in some cases the efficiency of the adaptation was impaired because the Creator wished to maintain the consistency of the basic pattern .
form was more important than function because in some cases the efficiency of the adaptation was impaired because the creator wished to [remain/keep] the consistency of the basic pattern .

Of natural selection Butler later wrote : ‘ To state this doctrine is to arouse instinctive loathing ; it is my fortunate task to maintain that such a nightmare of waste and death is as baseless as it is repulsive .
of natural selection butler later wrote : ‘ to state this doctrine is to arouse instinctive loathing ; it is my fortunate task to [remain/keep] that such a nightmare of waste and death is as baseless as it is repulsive .

The effective removal of heat from a developed fire is essential to limit that lateral spread of super-heated air and smoke , to localise the effects of high temperature so that expansion and collapse effects are localised and to maintain relatively smoke free conditions at high level .
the effective removal of heat from a developed fire is essential to limit that lateral spread of super-heated air and smoke , to localise the effects of high temperature so that expansion and collapse effects are localised and to [remain/keep] relatively smoke free conditions at high level .

The self regulatory requirements on management under the Health and Safety at Work Act should ensure that discipline is enforced and that all affected personnel are given an opportunity to maintain and improve their working environment .
the self regulatory requirements on management under the health and safety at work act should ensure that discipline is enforced and that all affected personnel are given an opportunity to [remain/keep] and improve their working environment .

It would be a contradictory state of affairs to believe that higher education could maintain one kind of culture within itself and could underpin a quite different kind of culture within society at large : there could not be any fundamental incongruity between these two cultural functions of higher education .
it would be a contradictory state of affairs to believe that higher education could [remain/keep] one kind of culture within itself and could underpin a quite different kind of culture within society at large : there could not be any fundamental incongruity between these two cultural functions of higher education .

Just under the surface , though , we can see signs of a willingness to take nothing on trust , to maintain a permanent self-vigilance , and if necessary to overturn the cultural idols .
just under the surface , though , we can see signs of a willingness to take nothing on trust , to [remain/keep] a permanent self-vigilance , and if necessary to overturn the cultural idols .

Our academic institutions help to maintain a flow of the kind of cultural capital on which our wider social institutions are based .
our academic institutions help to [remain/keep] a flow of the kind of cultural capital on which our wider social institutions are based .

Enlightenment demands that we should not simply engage in the practices that are part of these rational pursuits ( submitting to their different forms of ‘ groundedness ’ ) , but that we should maintain our own integrity .
enlightenment demands that we should not simply engage in the practices that are part of these rational pursuits ( submitting to their different forms of ‘ groundedness ’ ) , but that we should [remain/keep] our own integrity .

Indeed , being a composer may even be a drawback , for it might lessen the critical distance that the soloist needs to maintain in order to bring a fresh interpretation to bear .
indeed , being a composer may even be a drawback , for it might lessen the critical distance that the soloist needs to [remain/keep] in order to bring a fresh interpretation to bear .

Just as the introduction of word processing made it easier for people to produce and maintain large documents , so desktop publishing makes it easier for those same people to produce professional looking publications .
just as the introduction of word processing made it easier for people to produce and [remain/keep] large documents , so desktop publishing makes it easier for those same people to produce professional looking publications .

It 's definitely worth writing down a style-sheet for each design you create as this allows a you to maintain a much more consistent style across your various publications ; a house style in effect .
it 's definitely worth writing down a style-sheet for each design you create as this allows a you to [remain/keep] a much more consistent style across your various publications ; a house style in effect .

Some programs maintain the aspect ratio between width and height whilst scaling , thereby avoiding distortion .
some programs [remain/keep] the aspect ratio between width and height whilst scaling , thereby avoiding distortion .

It is no longer possible to either create a toner particle small enough to stick to a single pixel of charge or to maintain that pixel of charge in isolation long enough for the toner , were it there , to stick .
it is no longer possible to either create a toner particle small enough to stick to a single pixel of charge or to [remain/keep] that pixel of charge in isolation long enough for the toner , were it there , to stick .

There were the odd murmurings , the sounds echoing throughout the large building , but they were quickly quelled by warders anxious to maintain silence .
there were the odd murmurings , the sounds echoing throughout the large building , but they were quickly quelled by warders anxious to [remain/keep] silence .

‘ You maintain that the prisoners here are worthy of trust , do n't you , Mr Fairham ?
‘ you [remain/keep] that the prisoners here are worthy of trust , do n't you , mr fairham ?

The threat of resistance being offered if some change were to be initiated may be enough to maintain the status quo .
the threat of resistance being offered if some change were to be initiated may be enough to [remain/keep] the status quo .

The implications for individual managers are that ‘ increasingly it will come to be seen as the individual 's responsibility to maintain , alter or boost his skills , to find the right market for his skills and to sell them to the appropriate buyer ’ .
the implications for individual managers are that ‘ increasingly it will come to be seen as the individual 's responsibility to [remain/keep] , alter or boost his skills , to find the right market for his skills and to sell them to the appropriate buyer ’ .

are more concerned to maintain good human relationships at work than to ensure that tasks are carried out efficiently
are more concerned to [remain/keep] good human relationships at work than to ensure that tasks are carried out efficiently

Centralised control enables an organisation to maintain a balance between different functions or departments .
centralised control enables an organisation to [remain/keep] a balance between different functions or departments .

Such organisations are flexible and constantly changing : they adapt to the environment in order to create or maintain the conditions necessary for success in the task , and do not become a mere part of the machinery as , for example , project teams are disbanded as soon as their task has been completed .
such organisations are flexible and constantly changing : they adapt to the environment in order to create or [remain/keep] the conditions necessary for success in the task , and do not become a mere part of the machinery as , for example , project teams are disbanded as soon as their task has been completed .

If our country is to maintain economic stability based upon traditional industries it needs a greater proportion of locomotive , shipbuilding , power stations , etc .
if our country is to [remain/keep] economic stability based upon traditional industries it needs a greater proportion of locomotive , shipbuilding , power stations , etc .

The progression is familiar — demands by labour ; followed by rising prices , leading to inadequate investment ; followed by loss of overseas markets ; then devaluation ; loss of jobs ; and higher taxes to try to maintain expected standards of living and of medical care .
the progression is familiar — demands by labour ; followed by rising prices , leading to inadequate investment ; followed by loss of overseas markets ; then devaluation ; loss of jobs ; and higher taxes to try to [remain/keep] expected standards of living and of medical care .

Naturally , they wished to maintain the standard of living , but in particular for those who elected them .
naturally , they wished to [remain/keep] the standard of living , but in particular for those who elected them .

This fact , coupled to our urgent need to export at least a third of our gross national product , simply to maintain ourselves , points to an obvious answer to our problems , for service industries and export together , suggests leisure and tourism .
this fact , coupled to our urgent need to export at least a third of our gross national product , simply to [remain/keep] ourselves , points to an obvious answer to our problems , for service industries and export together , suggests leisure and tourism .

In order to ensure continuity of supplies and dispatch of finished goods afterwards , to monitor efficiencies , to provide funds , insurance , and financial services , a host of smaller businesses spring up which provide expertise and man-hours to maintain the giant .
in order to ensure continuity of supplies and dispatch of finished goods afterwards , to monitor efficiencies , to provide funds , insurance , and financial services , a host of smaller businesses spring up which provide expertise and man-hours to [remain/keep] the giant .

He commanded the ships that remained off the Spanish coast in April 1657 when Blake launched the attack on Santa Cruz , and , when Blake sailed for home in July , Stokes became commander of the force left to maintain the blockade .
he commanded the ships that remained off the spanish coast in april 1657 when blake launched the attack on santa cruz , and , when blake sailed for home in july , stokes became commander of the force left to [remain/keep] the blockade .

In 1951 Roberton decided he could no longer provide the dynamic leadership needed to maintain the choir 's international reputation , and stepped down .
in 1951 roberton decided he could no longer provide the dynamic leadership needed to [remain/keep] the choir 's international reputation , and stepped down .

Finally losing the contract to supply gunpowder in 1636 , Evelyn petitioned for compensation for losses , but it was several years before he was cleared of all responsibility for the failure to maintain supplies .
finally losing the contract to supply gunpowder in 1636 , evelyn petitioned for compensation for losses , but it was several years before he was cleared of all responsibility for the failure to [remain/keep] supplies .

He never married , but lived with his housekeeper Lee , and his illegitimate children were major beneficiaries , Richard Napoleon Lee inheriting £400,000 , and three daughters sufficient to maintain them in gentility .
he never married , but lived with his housekeeper lee , and his illegitimate children were major beneficiaries , richard napoleon lee inheriting £400,000 , and three daughters sufficient to [remain/keep] them in gentility .

As minister of finance , however , he readily adopted a narrower approach to service delivery and his main concern was to keep a balanced budget and to maintain good relations with the British Treasury .
as minister of finance , however , he readily adopted a narrower approach to service delivery and his main concern was to keep a balanced budget and to [remain/keep] good relations with the british treasury .

Determined to maintain the authority of the president , in 1766 he overruled the appointment of a new steward ( who oversaw the domestic arrangements of the college ) made at a meeting presided over by the vice-president , having persuaded eight of the senior fellows to protest at the action and ruling that the proceedings were contrary to statute .
determined to [remain/keep] the authority of the president , in 1766 he overruled the appointment of a new steward ( who oversaw the domestic arrangements of the college ) made at a meeting presided over by the vice-president , having persuaded eight of the senior fellows to protest at the action and ruling that the proceedings were contrary to statute .

in 1677 , Gurle succeeded him as the king 's gardener at St James 's , with £320 a year to maintain the garden and another £240 a year as his own salary .
in 1677 , gurle succeeded him as the king 's gardener at st james 's , with £320 a year to [remain/keep] the garden and another £240 a year as his own salary .

To gain and maintain his hold over the Company Sulivan had to become a formidable politician and he inevitably made many enemies .
to gain and [remain/keep] his hold over the company sulivan had to become a formidable politician and he inevitably made many enemies .

However , by adept diplomacy , he was able to impose a form of pax Britannica on what had hitherto been a turbulent part of Africa and thereby maintain the conditions best suited for fostering trade .
however , by adept diplomacy , he was able to impose a form of pax britannica on what had hitherto been a turbulent part of africa and thereby [remain/keep] the conditions best suited for fostering trade .

Employed workers , who found that they were being compelled to maintain their unemployed relatives out of their meagre wages joined with the unemployed .
employed workers , who found that they were being compelled to [remain/keep] their unemployed relatives out of their meagre wages joined with the unemployed .

It was not a position anyone could maintain comfortably for long , and it seemed to Clare that he was deliberately refraining from lying down beside her .
it was not a position anyone could [remain/keep] comfortably for long , and it seemed to clare that he was deliberately refraining from lying down beside her .

The basic principle which the Act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of registered company is required to maintain and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .
the basic principle which the act lays down is that to become a member , and thereby a shareholder , there must be agreement and entry on a register of members which every type of registered company is required to [remain/keep] and which , in relation to a company with shares is also a register of shareholdings .

The register , like other records that a company is required to maintain , may be kept either in bound books or by recording the matter in any other way and , in particular , may be on a computer or other electronic device so long as the material can be reproduced in legible form and is so reproduced for purposes of inspection or supply of a copy .
the register , like other records that a company is required to [remain/keep] , may be kept either in bound books or by recording the matter in any other way and , in particular , may be on a computer or other electronic device so long as the material can be reproduced in legible form and is so reproduced for purposes of inspection or supply of a copy .

Unlike the membership register a company is not compelled to maintain a register of debentureholders .
unlike the membership register a company is not compelled to [remain/keep] a register of debentureholders .

The Act assumes that a company probably will maintain a register if it issues debenture stock or a series of debentures and the Act contains provisions , similar to , but not identical with , those relating to the membership register , concerning where the register shall be kept and who shall be entitled to inspect and obtain copies of it .
the act assumes that a company probably will [remain/keep] a register if it issues debenture stock or a series of debentures and the act contains provisions , similar to , but not identical with , those relating to the membership register , concerning where the register shall be kept and who shall be entitled to inspect and obtain copies of it .

The mechanics registration It is the duty of the company to submit prescribed particulars of a charge requiring registration to the Registrar who , in turn , is under a statutory obligation to maintain a register setting out these particulars .
the mechanics registration it is the duty of the company to submit prescribed particulars of a charge requiring registration to the registrar who , in turn , is under a statutory obligation to [remain/keep] a register setting out these particulars .

Furthermore , the register of charges which the company is required to maintain may be more illuminating than that at Companies House since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at Companies House and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .
furthermore , the register of charges which the company is required to [remain/keep] may be more illuminating than that at companies house since it must now contain entries of all charges on the company 's property whether or not they require to be registered at companies house and copies of any instrument creating or evidencing a charge must also be kept .

Her scalp prickled but she forced herself to keep still , maintain the charade that she was not afraid .
her scalp prickled but she forced herself to keep still , [remain/keep] the charade that she was not afraid .

Informality in the water garden is more difficult to achieve and maintain satisfactorily .
informality in the water garden is more difficult to achieve and [remain/keep] satisfactorily .

The pool itself , while being irregular in shape , should not be cluttered with fussy niches and contortions that are difficult to construct and frustrating to maintain .
the pool itself , while being irregular in shape , should not be cluttered with fussy niches and contortions that are difficult to construct and frustrating to [remain/keep] .

It is easy to maintain and does not need either aquatic plant life , fish or snails .
it is easy to [remain/keep] and does not need either aquatic plant life , fish or snails .

Submerged oxygenating plants are those that we affectionately refer to as ‘ weeds ’ , and their function is to maintain healthy , well-oxygenated water for the fish and other livestock .
submerged oxygenating plants are those that we affectionately refer to as ‘ weeds ’ , and their function is to [remain/keep] healthy , well-oxygenated water for the fish and other livestock .

Most bog garden and waterside plants should be divided during the dormant season every third or fourth year n order to maintain flower size and general vigour .
most bog garden and waterside plants should be divided during the dormant season every third or fourth year n order to [remain/keep] flower size and general vigour .

His successor pursued a more cautious path but there was a danger that party membership would become too small to maintain satisfactory links with the bulk of the population .
his successor pursued a more cautious path but there was a danger that party membership would become too small to [remain/keep] satisfactory links with the bulk of the population .

The party developed various ploys to maintain its position , like acquiring its own experts and co-opting people with strong group links on to the Politburo .
the party developed various ploys to [remain/keep] its position , like acquiring its own experts and co-opting people with strong group links on to the politburo .

( Subscribers to the ‘ cock-up ’ theory of history will be interested to learn that the framers of the American constitution were much impressed by Montesquieu 's idea that it was the separation of powers in Britain that had enabled the British to maintain their freedom from tyranny .
( subscribers to the ‘ cock-up ’ theory of history will be interested to learn that the framers of the american constitution were much impressed by montesquieu 's idea that it was the separation of powers in britain that had enabled the british to [remain/keep] their freedom from tyranny .

This may seem a strange way of looking at it , since we are used to viewing the police and the military as our protectors ; but we can not avoid the conclusion that , ultimately , the police and the military maintain sufficient force to implement the decisions of the state .
this may seem a strange way of looking at it , since we are used to viewing the police and the military as our protectors ; but we can not avoid the conclusion that , ultimately , the police and the military [remain/keep] sufficient force to implement the decisions of the state .

Contemporary realists , however , have countenanced single-power domination , or hegemony , by the United States , whose role , when appropriately exercised , is to maintain global stability .
contemporary realists , however , have countenanced single-power domination , or hegemony , by the united states , whose role , when appropriately exercised , is to [remain/keep] global stability .

The accounts of defence spending give no indication at all of this : as a previous example explained , the ‘ receipts ’ may well include capital receipts which have eroded our ability to maintain defence facilities .
the accounts of defence spending give no indication at all of this : as a previous example explained , the ‘ receipts ’ may well include capital receipts which have eroded our ability to [remain/keep] defence facilities .

Instead , the accruals accounts would have to be modified to maintain the current cost of assets .
instead , the accruals accounts would have to be modified to [remain/keep] the current cost of assets .

In fact , with sophisticated computer programs available , there is no reason why any organization of any size need maintain separate cash books and bank accounts for separate funds .
in fact , with sophisticated computer programs available , there is no reason why any organization of any size need [remain/keep] separate cash books and bank accounts for separate funds .

An additional potential benefit is that charging depreciation means that funds are set aside ( though these funds need not be and probably will not be liquid ) to maintain the capital of the organization .
an additional potential benefit is that charging depreciation means that funds are set aside ( though these funds need not be and probably will not be liquid ) to [remain/keep] the capital of the organization .

They could maintain the status quo , by charging the same in depreciation as would have been charged in principal repayments .
they could [remain/keep] the status quo , by charging the same in depreciation as would have been charged in principal repayments .

Be careful to maintain balance at all times .
be careful to [remain/keep] balance at all times .

While the kick is being executed the hands should always maintain a good , high-guard position , as a defence against a counter-strike should the kick be blocked or misdirected .
while the kick is being executed the hands should always [remain/keep] a good , high-guard position , as a defence against a counter-strike should the kick be blocked or misdirected .

The hands should maintain a guard position throughout the manoeuvre .
the hands should [remain/keep] a guard position throughout the manoeuvre .

when delivering a kick , raise the kicking knee and leg high and maintain a straight line through the body ; and
when delivering a kick , raise the kicking knee and leg high and [remain/keep] a straight line through the body ; and

2 Maintain good balance on landing , with the hand in the guard position .
2 [remain/keep] good balance on landing , with the hand in the guard position .

Observations were intended to be made of stream channel changes , mass movement , vegetation changes , precipitation , reservoir sedimentation , and dendrochronology , and the intention to maintain measurements over a decade or more has been realized at some sites ( e.g .
observations were intended to be made of stream channel changes , mass movement , vegetation changes , precipitation , reservoir sedimentation , and dendrochronology , and the intention to [remain/keep] measurements over a decade or more has been realized at some sites ( e.g .

The Soviet media explained Washington 's rejection of Brezhnev 's proposals as a reflection of its intention ‘ to continue to maintain its strategic military presence in and around the Gulf ’ .
the soviet media explained washington 's rejection of brezhnev 's proposals as a reflection of its intention ‘ to continue to [remain/keep] its strategic military presence in and around the gulf ’ .

In an attempt to maintain pressure on Soviet leaders Carrington explained his proposal to neutralise Afghanistan to President Ceausescu during an official visit to Romania in mid March 1980 .
in an attempt to [remain/keep] pressure on soviet leaders carrington explained his proposal to neutralise afghanistan to president ceausescu during an official visit to romania in mid march 1980 .

This meant in his view that the Afghan Government had to be ‘ such as does not maintain a hostile attitude towards the Soviet Union and does not join anti-Soviet alliances ’ .
this meant in his view that the afghan government had to be ‘ such as does not [remain/keep] a hostile attitude towards the soviet union and does not join anti-soviet alliances ’ .

Soviet officials have considered it necessary , however , to gloss over their search for naval facilities in the Mediterranean to encourage neutralism and maintain pressure on Western bases in other countries in the region .
soviet officials have considered it necessary , however , to gloss over their search for naval facilities in the mediterranean to encourage neutralism and [remain/keep] pressure on western bases in other countries in the region .

Half the cellos , however , are retained for use in the bottom octave of the melody , doubling the violas , to maintain a proper balance .
half the cellos , however , are retained for use in the bottom octave of the melody , doubling the violas , to [remain/keep] a proper balance .

The upper octave of the passage is divided between the two pairs of horns , it being impossible to maintain such rapid tonguing for more than a very short time .
the upper octave of the passage is divided between the two pairs of horns , it being impossible to [remain/keep] such rapid tonguing for more than a very short time .

The beds are quickly eroded , the cliff over steepened , and collapse follows due to the inability of the material to maintain very steep faces .
the beds are quickly eroded , the cliff over steepened , and collapse follows due to the inability of the material to [remain/keep] very steep faces .

Some critics of the public sector maintain that it is inherently inefficient and unable to control its expenditure .
some critics of the public sector [remain/keep] that it is inherently inefficient and unable to control its expenditure .

The bass part has therefore been added according to the principles of interval harmony , so as to maintain the right equilibrium of consonance and dissonance .
the bass part has therefore been added according to the principles of interval harmony , so as to [remain/keep] the right equilibrium of consonance and dissonance .

The order of these is established in a ‘ series ’ which recurs constantly throughout a work , so that all the notes of the total-chromatic are used evenly to maintain an atonal atmosphere .
the order of these is established in a ‘ series ’ which recurs constantly throughout a work , so that all the notes of the total-chromatic are used evenly to [remain/keep] an atonal atmosphere .

As Figure 2.3 ( from the same quinquennium ) indicates , the Course has also been able to maintain a fairly stable pattern of enrolments by subject through the initial years of NAB-led planning ( an issue discussed further in Chapter 3 ) .
as figure 2.3 ( from the same quinquennium ) indicates , the course has also been able to [remain/keep] a fairly stable pattern of enrolments by subject through the initial years of nab-led planning ( an issue discussed further in chapter 3 ) .

The complications arise from the way in which it has to maintain an internal planning dynamic which cuts across the traditional demarcation lines of faculties and departments .
the complications arise from the way in which it has to [remain/keep] an internal planning dynamic which cuts across the traditional demarcation lines of faculties and departments .

Here , despite all of the external constraints the Course has managed to maintain the principle that every student should be allowed to take any module for which he or she is ( qualified and which can be timetabled .
here , despite all of the external constraints the course has managed to [remain/keep] the principle that every student should be allowed to take any module for which he or she is ( qualified and which can be timetabled .

Nevertheless , it is acknowledged that disciplines maintain different marking conventions — differences that a grades-only system could reduce .
nevertheless , it is acknowledged that disciplines [remain/keep] different marking conventions — differences that a grades-only system could reduce .

If validation is the establishment that course proposals are of acceptable quality , monitoring , review and evaluation are the processes which attempt to maintain and enhance the quality of courses once they are running .
if validation is the establishment that course proposals are of acceptable quality , monitoring , review and evaluation are the processes which attempt to [remain/keep] and enhance the quality of courses once they are running .

The Finance office is able to initiate tuition fee invoicing and to maintain a ledger of fees due and received , using its own student management system menus .
the finance office is able to initiate tuition fee invoicing and to [remain/keep] a ledger of fees due and received , using its own student management system menus .

In the changed climate , the most powerful arguments surrounding modularity have to do with resources , rationalisation , how to maintain options with declining rolls , and ultimately — sheer survival .
in the changed climate , the most powerful arguments surrounding modularity have to do with resources , rationalisation , how to [remain/keep] options with declining rolls , and ultimately — sheer survival .

The upper classes rapidly gave up the struggle to maintain social exclusivity at the seaside resorts and fled to the Highlands , the Lakes , and eventually the Continent , to pursue their particular pleasures , unhampered by the proximity of their inferiors .
the upper classes rapidly gave up the struggle to [remain/keep] social exclusivity at the seaside resorts and fled to the highlands , the lakes , and eventually the continent , to pursue their particular pleasures , unhampered by the proximity of their inferiors .

This Service would provide legal help to CABx and other social agencies , similar to that hitherto provided by solicitors to CABx on an honorary basis ; would establish close liaison between the local profession and CABx and other social services ; would provide oral advice for the public in cases that could be readily disposed of ; would maintain permanent advisory centres where necessary , offering advice and assistance short of proceedings or representation in court ; and would set up permanent local centres offering representation in magistrates ' courts and county courts and the conduct of litigation so far as this could not be absorbed by solicitors ' firms .
this service would provide legal help to cabx and other social agencies , similar to that hitherto provided by solicitors to cabx on an honorary basis ; would establish close liaison between the local profession and cabx and other social services ; would provide oral advice for the public in cases that could be readily disposed of ; would [remain/keep] permanent advisory centres where necessary , offering advice and assistance short of proceedings or representation in court ; and would set up permanent local centres offering representation in magistrates ' courts and county courts and the conduct of litigation so far as this could not be absorbed by solicitors ' firms .

Specialist journals of the ‘ have to have ’ variety , needed by all good universities , are holding up well in an unsympathetic environment , but journals publishers generally are having to market harder to maintain subscriptions .
specialist journals of the ‘ have to have ’ variety , needed by all good universities , are holding up well in an unsympathetic environment , but journals publishers generally are having to market harder to [remain/keep] subscriptions .

Postcards are labour-intensive , difficult to maintain and staff may find them intensely irritating to serve to customers , but to be able to generate over 20 % of total sales from less than 10 % of floor space , gives a turnover per square foot that most of us can only dream of .
postcards are labour-intensive , difficult to [remain/keep] and staff may find them intensely irritating to serve to customers , but to be able to generate over 20 % of total sales from less than 10 % of floor space , gives a turnover per square foot that most of us can only dream of .

In practise these tidal waves can not quite maintain the alignment , resulting in the tides making a small and roughly constant angle with respect to the line joining the two bodies .
in practise these tidal waves can not quite [remain/keep] the alignment , resulting in the tides making a small and roughly constant angle with respect to the line joining the two bodies .

There is evidence that ions and electrons are exchanged between Io and the Jovian atmosphere , constituting massive electric currents that could help heat Io and thus help maintain its volcanic activity .
there is evidence that ions and electrons are exchanged between io and the jovian atmosphere , constituting massive electric currents that could help heat io and thus help [remain/keep] its volcanic activity .

If the goal is the maintenance of the client in the community and there is a risk through self-neglect , degree of dependence , or resistance that the person will become dependent upon institutional care , then the service must reach out to them , maintain regular contact ( daily if necessary ) , and respond rapidly and appropriately to any early signs of problems .
if the goal is the maintenance of the client in the community and there is a risk through self-neglect , degree of dependence , or resistance that the person will become dependent upon institutional care , then the service must reach out to them , [remain/keep] regular contact ( daily if necessary ) , and respond rapidly and appropriately to any early signs of problems .

Care programming should ensure better discharge planning , the provision of adequate support for people to maintain mental health at home and reduce unnecessary re-admissions to hospital .
care programming should ensure better discharge planning , the provision of adequate support for people to [remain/keep] mental health at home and reduce unnecessary re-admissions to hospital .

We should note here that Lyotard does not maintain that the unconscious does not signify but only that it does not signify like a language .
we should note here that lyotard does not [remain/keep] that the unconscious does not signify but only that it does not signify like a language .

land of substantial symbolic meaning for the lineage 's patrimony ) for sale , another branch will buy it instead of some more fertile outlying land in order to maintain intact the honour ( or symbolic capital ) of the lineage .
land of substantial symbolic meaning for the lineage 's patrimony ) for sale , another branch will buy it instead of some more fertile outlying land in order to [remain/keep] intact the honour ( or symbolic capital ) of the lineage .

Whatever its legal status , considerable amounts of money have recently been spent endeavouring to maintain it .
whatever its legal status , considerable amounts of money have recently been spent endeavouring to [remain/keep] it .

It tended to arrange debates late at night , and much too close to the critical Council meeting , when it realized it would otherwise have to maintain a parliamentary reserve in the Council if scrutiny had not been completed by a debate .
it tended to arrange debates late at night , and much too close to the critical council meeting , when it realized it would otherwise have to [remain/keep] a parliamentary reserve in the council if scrutiny had not been completed by a debate .

Lucien kept his eyes lowered behind his substitute veil , striving to maintain a straight spine , but with his head bent forwards .
lucien kept his eyes lowered behind his substitute veil , striving to [remain/keep] a straight spine , but with his head bent forwards .

Dauntless found it hard to maintain his belief , or indeed suspend his disbelief , in what he was doing .
dauntless found it hard to [remain/keep] his belief , or indeed suspend his disbelief , in what he was doing .

These two books maintain the very high standards of scholarship and production of the Duke Studies in the Sources of Music and their Interpretation .
these two books [remain/keep] the very high standards of scholarship and production of the duke studies in the sources of music and their interpretation .

It would make little sense in this context to increase the categories of sexual assault simply to maintain gender specificity .
it would make little sense in this context to increase the categories of sexual assault simply to [remain/keep] gender specificity .

’ For legal reasons , it was necessary to maintain continuity of evidence .
’ for legal reasons , it was necessary to [remain/keep] continuity of evidence .

To invest in a balanced portfolio of assets with the requirement to maintain total shareholder returns .
to invest in a balanced portfolio of assets with the requirement to [remain/keep] total shareholder returns .

To maintain a high quality exploration portfolio focusing on core business areas and under-explored prospective basins .
to [remain/keep] a high quality exploration portfolio focusing on core business areas and under-explored prospective basins .

To maintain a sound financial position .
to [remain/keep] a sound financial position .

‘ Sure , we want to make profits to give our shareholders a reasonable return on their investment , and to enable us to maintain and enhance our capital base so that we can give a steadily better service to an ever larger number of customers . Does that make us different from any other kind of business ?
‘ sure , we want to make profits to give our shareholders a reasonable return on their investment , and to enable us to [remain/keep] and enhance our capital base so that we can give a steadily better service to an ever larger number of customers . does that make us different from any other kind of business ?

to maintain existing facilities and infrastructure
to [remain/keep] existing facilities and infrastructure

Thanks to these acts , to the more recent endeavours of the Forth River Purification Board and to the occasional activity of groups of young volunteers , the Water of Leith today , though not yet as sparkling as a highland burn , is sufficiently clean to maintain its annual stock of trout .
thanks to these acts , to the more recent endeavours of the forth river purification board and to the occasional activity of groups of young volunteers , the water of leith today , though not yet as sparkling as a highland burn , is sufficiently clean to [remain/keep] its annual stock of trout .

Although this is welcome , taken together with demographic changes and the likelihood of Lothian Health Board wanting to directly purchase a fair amount of nursing home beds , it underlines the need to maintain a stable market .
although this is welcome , taken together with demographic changes and the likelihood of lothian health board wanting to directly purchase a fair amount of nursing home beds , it underlines the need to [remain/keep] a stable market .

‘ Denial ’ and ‘ distancing ’ may be features of the victim 's attitude in the early stages , which may make it difficult to maintain a sympathetic response .
‘ denial ’ and ‘ distancing ’ may be features of the victim 's attitude in the early stages , which may make it difficult to [remain/keep] a sympathetic response .

Maintain the programme of expenditure on local safety schemes and other action plans and ensure their implementation by according the highest priority to this work .
[remain/keep] the programme of expenditure on local safety schemes and other action plans and ensure their implementation by according the highest priority to this work .

Maintain existing levels of expenditure on existing road safety programmes which include :
[remain/keep] existing levels of expenditure on existing road safety programmes which include :

To maintain and raise the profile of the Lothian Road Safety Campaign through the media , information leaflets , billboard advertising , bus advertising , articles in specialist publications etc .
to [remain/keep] and raise the profile of the lothian road safety campaign through the media , information leaflets , billboard advertising , bus advertising , articles in specialist publications etc .

Increase and maintain awareness of the road safety issues throughout the Region and across all sectors of the populations .
increase and [remain/keep] awareness of the road safety issues throughout the region and across all sectors of the populations .

The need to maintain simplicity in any pricing system , that does not distort but helps articulate the assessment process .
the need to [remain/keep] simplicity in any pricing system , that does not distort but helps articulate the assessment process .

One of the principal tasks of Lending Services is to maintain the Scottish Union Catalogue .
one of the principal tasks of lending services is to [remain/keep] the scottish union catalogue .

In the light of the above factors and on the assumption that there is unlikely to be any real increase in the dollar price of oil in the medium term , the Board does not believe it to be financially prudent to maintain the 1992 dividend at the same level as that paid in respect of 1991 .
in the light of the above factors and on the assumption that there is unlikely to be any real increase in the dollar price of oil in the medium term , the board does not believe it to be financially prudent to [remain/keep] the 1992 dividend at the same level as that paid in respect of 1991 .

The company intends to maintain a balance between its existing assets in established and mature areas , with the exposure to significant new reserves in proven under-explored oil and gas provinces .
the company intends to [remain/keep] a balance between its existing assets in established and mature areas , with the exposure to significant new reserves in proven under-explored oil and gas provinces .

The directors are also required to maintain adequate accounting records .
the directors are also required to [remain/keep] adequate accounting records .

This is to let you know that work is being done to maintain our premises at 31 High Street .
this is to let you know that work is being done to [remain/keep] our premises at 31 high street .

To provide administrative support to national committees and to prepare and maintain their minutes .
to provide administrative support to national committees and to prepare and [remain/keep] their minutes .

Branches should try to compile and maintain a lists of people willing to help on a casual basis like this .
branches should try to compile and [remain/keep] a lists of people willing to help on a casual basis like this .

‘ The role of the Welsh Office is to … ensure that planning legislation and guidelines balance the needs of the environment and the need for new properties in such a way as to maintain a sufficient supply of new homes at minimal cost to the environment . ’
‘ the role of the welsh office is to … ensure that planning legislation and guidelines balance the needs of the environment and the need for new properties in such a way as to [remain/keep] a sufficient supply of new homes at minimal cost to the environment . ’

‘ Our overall objective , of course , is to generate profits and value for our shareholders and maintain a thriving business which will continue to offer challenging and satisfying employment prospects for all our staff . ’
‘ our overall objective , of course , is to generate profits and value for our shareholders and [remain/keep] a thriving business which will continue to offer challenging and satisfying employment prospects for all our staff . ’

The Bank has its headquarters in Edinburgh , and in recognition of this , there has always been a significant sponsorship related to the Edinburgh International Festival , invariably intended to maintain the quality of international contribution .
the bank has its headquarters in edinburgh , and in recognition of this , there has always been a significant sponsorship related to the edinburgh international festival , invariably intended to [remain/keep] the quality of international contribution .

Such influences are crucial in the development of faith and every effort should be made in Secondary School to maintain and improve these links .
such influences are crucial in the development of faith and every effort should be made in secondary school to [remain/keep] and improve these links .

Such considerations are , obviously , of vital importance in figural mosaics which hope to maintain a degree of naturalism .
such considerations are , obviously , of vital importance in figural mosaics which hope to [remain/keep] a degree of naturalism .

Centres are required to maintain student records including :
centres are required to [remain/keep] student records including :

It is important , but in practice exceedingly difficult , to maintain this distinction at all times in the study of meaning .
it is important , but in practice exceedingly difficult , to [remain/keep] this distinction at all times in the study of meaning .

In its 1990 statement of company policy , it pledged to `` protect the natural environment , comply with the spirit and letter of environmental legislation , assess the likely environmental effects of planned projects and maintain standards of environmental protection reflecting best industry practice `` .
in its 1990 statement of company policy , it pledged to `` protect the natural environment , comply with the spirit and letter of environmental legislation , assess the likely environmental effects of planned projects and [remain/keep] standards of environmental protection reflecting best industry practice `` .

Conservationists maintain that the pet trade would not necessarily suffer from a ban on imports , as 85 per cent of domestic birds are bred in captivity .
conservationists [remain/keep] that the pet trade would not necessarily suffer from a ban on imports , as 85 per cent of domestic birds are bred in captivity .

With stronger winds the rotor blades are designed to maintain a constant speed — stalling , and then re-setting , when wind speed reaches 105 kilometres per hour .
with stronger winds the rotor blades are designed to [remain/keep] a constant speed — stalling , and then re-setting , when wind speed reaches 105 kilometres per hour .

Where a company is controlled by its directors , its expansion strategy may outgrow the resources of its directors so that they can not maintain their percentage holding through a series of costly rights issues or placings , with a consequential dilution of that holding .
where a company is controlled by its directors , its expansion strategy may outgrow the resources of its directors so that they can not [remain/keep] their percentage holding through a series of costly rights issues or placings , with a consequential dilution of that holding .

In summary : ( 1 ) The Panel 's procedures are generally informal in order to maintain the maximum flexibility .
in summary : ( 1 ) the panel 's procedures are generally informal in order to [remain/keep] the maximum flexibility .

5.5 Decoration [ As often as may in the [ reasonable ] opinion of the Surveyor be necessary in order to maintain a high standard of decorative finish and attractiveness and to preserve the Premises or In each of the Decorating Years ] and in the last year of the Term to redecorate the Premises in a good and workmanlike manner and with appropriate materials of good quality [ to the [ reasonable ] satisfaction of the Surveyor ] the tints and colours and patterns of such decoration to be approved by the Landlord [ provided that the covenants relating to the last year of the Term shall not apply where the Tenant shall have redecorated the Premises less than [ 18 ] months prior to the expiry of the Term ] Most tenants would not wish to be under an obligation to redecorate the interior or exterior of the premises more frequently than every five years , although this is a matter for negotiation .
5.5 decoration [ as often as may in the [ reasonable ] opinion of the surveyor be necessary in order to [remain/keep] a high standard of decorative finish and attractiveness and to preserve the premises or in each of the decorating years ] and in the last year of the term to redecorate the premises in a good and workmanlike manner and with appropriate materials of good quality [ to the [ reasonable ] satisfaction of the surveyor ] the tints and colours and patterns of such decoration to be approved by the landlord [ provided that the covenants relating to the last year of the term shall not apply where the tenant shall have redecorated the premises less than [ 18 ] months prior to the expiry of the term ] most tenants would not wish to be under an obligation to redecorate the interior or exterior of the premises more frequently than every five years , although this is a matter for negotiation .

5.7.1 At the Tenant 's own expense to execute all works and provide and maintain all arrangements upon or in respect of the Premises or the use to which the Premises are being put that are required in order to comply with the requirements of any statute ( already or in the future to be passed ) or any government department , local authority other public or competent authority or court of competent jurisdiction regardless of whether such requirements are imposed on the lessor the lessee or the occupier
5.7.1 at the tenant 's own expense to execute all works and provide and [remain/keep] all arrangements upon or in respect of the premises or the use to which the premises are being put that are required in order to comply with the requirements of any statute ( already or in the future to be passed ) or any government department , local authority other public or competent authority or court of competent jurisdiction regardless of whether such requirements are imposed on the lessor the lessee or the occupier

5.8.2 Immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the Premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 If within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the Tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the Landlord 's [ Surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the Tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the Landlord to enter the Premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the Landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the Landlord ( including legal costs and Surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] While it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .
5.8.2 immediately to repair cleanse [remain/keep] and paint the premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 if within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the landlord 's [ surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the landlord to enter the premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the landlord ( including legal costs and surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] while it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .

5.8.2 As soon as reasonably practicable ( or immediately in the case of emergency ) to repair cleanse maintain and paint the Premises as required by such notice
5.8.2 as soon as reasonably practicable ( or immediately in the case of emergency ) to repair cleanse [remain/keep] and paint the premises as required by such notice

5.22 Defective premises To give notice to the Landlord of any defect in the Premises which might give rise to an obligation on the Landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this Lease or the duty of care imposed on the Landlord pursuant to the Defective Premises Act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the Landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the Premises The difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : To give notice to the Landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 New guarantor Within [ 14 ] days of the death during the Term of any Guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the Mental Health Act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the Landlord and if so required by the Landlord at the expense of the Tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the Landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the Tenant 's obligations contained in this Lease in the form of the Guarantor 's covenants contained in this Lease Although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .
5.22 defective premises to give notice to the landlord of any defect in the premises which might give rise to an obligation on the landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this lease or the duty of care imposed on the landlord pursuant to the defective premises act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and [remain/keep] all notices which the landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the premises the difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : to give notice to the landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 new guarantor within [ 14 ] days of the death during the term of any guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the mental health act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the landlord and if so required by the landlord at the expense of the tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the tenant 's obligations contained in this lease in the form of the guarantor 's covenants contained in this lease although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .

7.7.3 to keep the Premises supplied with such fire fighting equipment as the insurers and the fire authority may require [ or as the Landlord may reasonably require ] and to maintain such equipment to their satisfaction and in efficient working order and at least once in every [ 6 ] months to cause any sprinkler system and other fire fighting equipment to be inspected by a competent person The same argument as above applies with regard to fire fighting equipment .
7.7.3 to keep the premises supplied with such fire fighting equipment as the insurers and the fire authority may require [ or as the landlord may reasonably require ] and to [remain/keep] such equipment to their satisfaction and in efficient working order and at least once in every [ 6 ] months to cause any sprinkler system and other fire fighting equipment to be inspected by a competent person the same argument as above applies with regard to fire fighting equipment .

If the landlord prefers to covenant to maintain the outer half of all internal non load-bearing walls dividing the premises from other parts of the building and recovering the cost via the service charge , the tenant should ensure that any sums collected by the landlord from other tenants under the terms of their leases to maintain their half of the divisional wall should be deducted from the service charge .
if the landlord prefers to covenant to [remain/keep] the outer half of all internal non load-bearing walls dividing the premises from other parts of the building and recovering the cost via the service charge , the tenant should ensure that any sums collected by the landlord from other tenants under the terms of their leases to [remain/keep] their half of the divisional wall should be deducted from the service charge .

4 Entry The right for the Tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the Tenant to enter upon other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property to carry out works to the Premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available The problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the Access to Neighbouring Land Act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .
4 entry the right for the tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the tenant to enter upon other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property to carry out works to the premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available the problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the access to neighbouring land act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or [remain/keep] their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .

It would appear that tenants are bound by the provisions of the Act and could therefore be affected adversely by it , but it remains to be seen as to whether a tenant in such a position could maintain an action against its landlord for breach of the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment where there is no reservation of such a right of access in the tenant 's lease .
it would appear that tenants are bound by the provisions of the act and could therefore be affected adversely by it , but it remains to be seen as to whether a tenant in such a position could [remain/keep] an action against its landlord for breach of the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment where there is no reservation of such a right of access in the tenant 's lease .

2 Construction of pipes The right to construct and to maintain in on under or over the Premises at any time during the Term any Pipes for the benefit of any other part of the Centre or any Adjoining Property This is not a standard right and could be highly disruptive .
2 construction of pipes the right to construct and to [remain/keep] in on under or over the premises at any time during the term any pipes for the benefit of any other part of the centre or any adjoining property this is not a standard right and could be highly disruptive .

3.1.3 to view the state and condition of and repair and maintain the Centre where such viewing or work would not otherwise be reasonably practicable
3.1.3 to view the state and condition of and repair and [remain/keep] the centre where such viewing or work would not otherwise be reasonably practicable

The word strings for example , refers to elements which maintain the sense of community of the people .
the word strings for example , refers to elements which [remain/keep] the sense of community of the people .

The client must have confidence in the conveyancer and the conveyancer must maintain that confidence by undertaking each step in each transaction competently and carefully , and above all , must understand at all times the importance of communicating regularly and effectively with a client .
the client must have confidence in the conveyancer and the conveyancer must [remain/keep] that confidence by undertaking each step in each transaction competently and carefully , and above all , must understand at all times the importance of communicating regularly and effectively with a client .

Firstly there are undertakings to maintain the confidentiality of business secrets and not to use them except for limited purposes .
firstly there are undertakings to [remain/keep] the confidentiality of business secrets and not to use them except for limited purposes .

1.2 Business secrets The implied duty to maintain confidence in the employer 's business secrets continues after employment ends .
1.2 business secrets the implied duty to [remain/keep] confidence in the employer 's business secrets continues after employment ends .

( 2 ) Where the third party is prevented from making the valuation by the fault of the seller or buyer , the party not at fault may maintain an action for damages against the party at fault .
( 2 ) where the third party is prevented from making the valuation by the fault of the seller or buyer , the party not at fault may [remain/keep] an action for damages against the party at fault .

( 3 ) It is not until the termination of the hiring that the owner has a sufficient interest in the goods to maintain an action for wrongful interference with goods under s1 of the Torts ( Interference with Goods ) Act 1977 .
( 3 ) it is not until the termination of the hiring that the owner has a sufficient interest in the goods to [remain/keep] an action for wrongful interference with goods under s1 of the torts ( interference with goods ) act 1977 .

It is surely reasonable to maintain that the parties assumed to contract in the light of the scientific knowledge prevailing at the time of delivery .
it is surely reasonable to [remain/keep] that the parties assumed to contract in the light of the scientific knowledge prevailing at the time of delivery .

Local authorities have a duty to provide services which will maintain the family unit and enable children to be brought up within it .
local authorities have a duty to provide services which will [remain/keep] the family unit and enable children to be brought up within it .

It may not always be possible or appropriate to provide services to maintain a child at home .
it may not always be possible or appropriate to provide services to [remain/keep] a child at home .

The court has power to maintain the status quo by granting orders pending appeal when dismissing an application for a care order or supervision order ( s40 ) .
the court has power to [remain/keep] the status quo by granting orders pending appeal when dismissing an application for a care order or supervision order ( s40 ) .

There is a similar power to maintain the status quo when a court grants an application to discharge a care order or supervision order .
there is a similar power to [remain/keep] the status quo when a court grants an application to discharge a care order or supervision order .

In such cases it may be necessary to maintain the status quo until the court is in a position to make a final order .
in such cases it may be necessary to [remain/keep] the status quo until the court is in a position to make a final order .

The exchange may on occasion wish to maintain that it was not previously aware of a specific floor practice which it now considers undesirable .
the exchange may on occasion wish to [remain/keep] that it was not previously aware of a specific floor practice which it now considers undesirable .

Many litigation firms also suffer from the transactional `` nature of their practice and find it difficult to build institutional , long-term relationships with clients even where this is possible , particularly where the practice is dependent on referrals from agencies such as Citizens ' Advice Bureaux and law centres where staff changes make relationships difficult to build and maintain .
many litigation firms also suffer from the transactional `` nature of their practice and find it difficult to build institutional , long-term relationships with clients even where this is possible , particularly where the practice is dependent on referrals from agencies such as citizens ' advice bureaux and law centres where staff changes make relationships difficult to build and [remain/keep] .

Maintain a research register with entries indicating the subject of the research , the case on which it was carried out and the lawyer handling the case .
[remain/keep] a research register with entries indicating the subject of the research , the case on which it was carried out and the lawyer handling the case .

You should therefore maintain an experts register divided into medical , non-medical and counsel .
you should therefore [remain/keep] an experts register divided into medical , non-medical and counsel .

Every office must maintain an appropriate system of file management ( see Chapter 3 ) .
every office must [remain/keep] an appropriate system of file management ( see chapter 3 ) .

However , in order to maintain this defence , it must be shown that the publisher exercised `` all reasonable care in relation to the publication `` — which means that the publisher took steps to avoid obvious confusion , ensured that sources were checked and that familiar reference works were consulted .
however , in order to [remain/keep] this defence , it must be shown that the publisher exercised `` all reasonable care in relation to the publication `` — which means that the publisher took steps to avoid obvious confusion , ensured that sources were checked and that familiar reference works were consulted .

There were too many people about to maintain the level of intimacy that seemed to have taken them unawares jut now and , thankful that a further dilemma had been averted , she gratefully buried her face in her mug .
there were too many people about to [remain/keep] the level of intimacy that seemed to have taken them unawares jut now and , thankful that a further dilemma had been averted , she gratefully buried her face in her mug .

By now Labour was fully committed `` to maintain such armed forces as are necessary to defend our country and to fulfil our obligations as a member of the British Commonwealth and of the League of Nations `` .
by now labour was fully committed `` to [remain/keep] such armed forces as are necessary to defend our country and to fulfil our obligations as a member of the british commonwealth and of the league of nations `` .

The Communist Party was able to maintain its progress throughout 1939 , having passed through the longest period of continuous growth in its history .
the communist party was able to [remain/keep] its progress throughout 1939 , having passed through the longest period of continuous growth in its history .

‘ It would be so much easier to maintain this truce if we were indifferent to each other , but we 're far from that , are n't we , Fran ?
‘ it would be so much easier to [remain/keep] this truce if we were indifferent to each other , but we 're far from that , are n't we , fran ?

Thanks to the various interruptions , she was finding it difficult to maintain the high temperature of her initial furious reaction to his kiss .
thanks to the various interruptions , she was finding it difficult to [remain/keep] the high temperature of her initial furious reaction to his kiss .

Rugged , reliable and easy to maintain , harnessing a complex turboprop to the Dak would seem to be going the wrong way .
rugged , reliable and easy to [remain/keep] , harnessing a complex turboprop to the dak would seem to be going the wrong way .

If the duty rate per degree of alcohol were raised for wines ( and beers ) and lowered for spirits , the standard rate for all alcoholic drinks , which would maintain the total tax take , would be much closer to the wine rate than the spirits rate .
if the duty rate per degree of alcohol were raised for wines ( and beers ) and lowered for spirits , the standard rate for all alcoholic drinks , which would [remain/keep] the total tax take , would be much closer to the wine rate than the spirits rate .

Hence , tax-induced price increases have a substantial effect in distorting consumer demand but are unable to maintain the real value of excise duty revenue from alcoholic drinks .
hence , tax-induced price increases have a substantial effect in distorting consumer demand but are unable to [remain/keep] the real value of excise duty revenue from alcoholic drinks .

The pressure of the air springs is adjusted constantly by the computer via one inflation solenoid valve per spring and a single deflation valve to maintain body level at all times .
the pressure of the air springs is adjusted constantly by the computer via one inflation solenoid valve per spring and a single deflation valve to [remain/keep] body level at all times .

Alternative excise duty structures could maintain existing revenue levels with less distortion of consumer choice .
alternative excise duty structures could [remain/keep] existing revenue levels with less distortion of consumer choice .

The conclusion is self evident — if the Chancellor wants to maintain the real value of excise duties from alcoholic drinks he must switch the burden of taxes from spirits to beers and wines .
the conclusion is self evident — if the chancellor wants to [remain/keep] the real value of excise duties from alcoholic drinks he must switch the burden of taxes from spirits to beers and wines .

Our previous submissions and the evidence of the Treasury 's own demand equations , indicate that it would be perfectly possible to move toward a more equitable tax system and maintain revenue .
our previous submissions and the evidence of the treasury 's own demand equations , indicate that it would be perfectly possible to move toward a more equitable tax system and [remain/keep] revenue .

The question whether the right to maintain , replace , extend and us an existing building is to subsist in perpetuity , notwithstanding that the building does not conform to the provisions of the scheme is fundamental in relation to the replanning of built-up areas .
the question whether the right to [remain/keep] , replace , extend and us an existing building is to subsist in perpetuity , notwithstanding that the building does not conform to the provisions of the scheme is fundamental in relation to the replanning of built-up areas .

On the other hand , an unqualified right , unless compensation is paid , to replace non-conforming buildings and to maintain existing uses permanently is inconsistent with the present conception of planning .
on the other hand , an unqualified right , unless compensation is paid , to replace non-conforming buildings and to [remain/keep] existing uses permanently is inconsistent with the present conception of planning .

It provides that the secretary of state may designate an area where he may ‘ compile and maintain a register , of land … owned by a public body ’ which , in his opinion , ‘ is not being used or not being sufficiently used ’ .
it provides that the secretary of state may designate an area where he may ‘ compile and [remain/keep] a register , of land … owned by a public body ’ which , in his opinion , ‘ is not being used or not being sufficiently used ’ .

Under planning legislation , the central departments maintain lists of buildings of ‘ special architectural or historic interest ’ .
under planning legislation , the central departments [remain/keep] lists of buildings of ‘ special architectural or historic interest ’ .

Loss is also central to Bowlby 's theory , but the losses which are the basis of vulnerability are real and not imagined and centre on a person 's failure to make or maintain a stable and secure relationship with his parents early in childhood .
loss is also central to bowlby 's theory , but the losses which are the basis of vulnerability are real and not imagined and centre on a person 's failure to make or [remain/keep] a stable and secure relationship with his parents early in childhood .

Bowlby believes that we have an instinctive ( inherited ) need to maintain proximity to attachment figures , because this has had evolutionary survival value .
bowlby believes that we have an instinctive ( inherited ) need to [remain/keep] proximity to attachment figures , because this has had evolutionary survival value .

We have therefore developed behaviours designed to maintain proximity to , and protection from , caregivers when those relationships come under threat , such as distress calling and clinging .
we have therefore developed behaviours designed to [remain/keep] proximity to , and protection from , caregivers when those relationships come under threat , such as distress calling and clinging .

Separation is not a sufficient cause of depression , because a depressive response of clinical proportions is not observed in more than 10 per cent of those who experience it … Separation is not a necessary cause for depression because many depressions develop in its absence … Separation is not a specific cause for depression , as it precedes the onset or exacerbation of other forms of psychiatric disorder … Separation may result from clinical depression and , therefore , it may aggravate or maintain a pre-existing depressive condition … Finally , separation may precipitate hospitalisation rather than the depressive disorder .
separation is not a sufficient cause of depression , because a depressive response of clinical proportions is not observed in more than 10 per cent of those who experience it … separation is not a necessary cause for depression because many depressions develop in its absence … separation is not a specific cause for depression , as it precedes the onset or exacerbation of other forms of psychiatric disorder … separation may result from clinical depression and , therefore , it may aggravate or [remain/keep] a pre-existing depressive condition … finally , separation may precipitate hospitalisation rather than the depressive disorder .

O'Connor and Brown maintain that truly supportive relationships ( frequent contact and high level of confiding ) reinforce a positive evaluation of self and are protective of mental health .
o'connor and brown [remain/keep] that truly supportive relationships ( frequent contact and high level of confiding ) reinforce a positive evaluation of self and are protective of mental health .

Thirdly , there have been a number of studies which have found abnormal levels of arousal and an inability to maintain attention among people with schizophrenia .
thirdly , there have been a number of studies which have found abnormal levels of arousal and an inability to [remain/keep] attention among people with schizophrenia .

The factors argued to have causal significance have included : the family 's effect on the child 's ability to maintain attention ; linguistic disturbances of parents ; decision-making processes ; and overprotection .
the factors argued to have causal significance have included : the family 's effect on the child 's ability to [remain/keep] attention ; linguistic disturbances of parents ; decision-making processes ; and overprotection .

Monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( Freeman , 1978 ) .
monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to [remain/keep] a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( freeman , 1978 ) .

Indeed , the findings of Brown and Harris ( 1978 ) suggest that a job outside the home may in certain circumstances help to maintain a mother 's mental health , in which case it may be beneficial to her relationships with her children .
indeed , the findings of brown and harris ( 1978 ) suggest that a job outside the home may in certain circumstances help to [remain/keep] a mother 's mental health , in which case it may be beneficial to her relationships with her children .

This leads to an automatic psychological appraisal of the situation as threatening , and in turn to frightening thoughts and images , which in their turn feed back to maintain a rapid heart rate .
this leads to an automatic psychological appraisal of the situation as threatening , and in turn to frightening thoughts and images , which in their turn feed back to [remain/keep] a rapid heart rate .

If military training can incorporate an element of preparation for the emotional experience associated with active service abroad which prevents even a small number of psychiatric casualties , it may well also help to maintain the morale of others and be cost-effective in these terms .
if military training can incorporate an element of preparation for the emotional experience associated with active service abroad which prevents even a small number of psychiatric casualties , it may well also help to [remain/keep] the morale of others and be cost-effective in these terms .

This is in accordance with the Council 's long standing policy to maintain reserves broadly equivalent to three months ' core activity expenditure .
this is in accordance with the council 's long standing policy to [remain/keep] reserves broadly equivalent to three months ' core activity expenditure .

Surely he must strengthen the squad although the willingness of the directors to produce the kind of serious money needed to purchase and maintain a squad equal to Man Utd 's or Liverpool must be in doubt .
surely he must strengthen the squad although the willingness of the directors to produce the kind of serious money needed to purchase and [remain/keep] a squad equal to man utd 's or liverpool must be in doubt .

This is due directly to the higher price of imported goods and imported raw materials , and indirectly to the rise in wages that will be necessary to maintain workers ' standard of living .
this is due directly to the higher price of imported goods and imported raw materials , and indirectly to the rise in wages that will be necessary to [remain/keep] workers ' standard of living .

Financial institutions must maintain sufficient liquidity in their assets to meet the demands of depositors .
financial institutions must [remain/keep] sufficient liquidity in their assets to meet the demands of depositors .

As we have seen , it is important for banks to maintain adequate liquidity .
as we have seen , it is important for banks to [remain/keep] adequate liquidity .

Nevertheless the Bank of England still requires banks ( and other institutions in the monetary sector ) to maintain sufficient liquidity , and from time to time it can order them to increase their liquidity ratio if it feels that this is necessary .
nevertheless the bank of england still requires banks ( and other institutions in the monetary sector ) to [remain/keep] sufficient liquidity , and from time to time it can order them to increase their liquidity ratio if it feels that this is necessary .

It requires all recognized banks to maintain adequate liquidity : this is called prudential control .
it requires all recognized banks to [remain/keep] adequate liquidity : this is called prudential control .

Banks aim to make profits , but they must also maintain sufficient liquidity .
banks aim to make profits , but they must also [remain/keep] sufficient liquidity .

If inflation is to be controlled , they maintain , then the money supply must be controlled .
if inflation is to be controlled , they [remain/keep] , then the money supply must be controlled .

Of course , banks still have to maintain adequate liquidity , but in practice they do not see a clear-cut dividing line between liquid and non-liquid assets .
of course , banks still have to [remain/keep] adequate liquidity , but in practice they do not see a clear-cut dividing line between liquid and non-liquid assets .

They try to maintain a rough balance across the liquidity range , but the precise composition of assets will vary as interest rates on the various assets vary , and as the demands for liquidity vary .
they try to [remain/keep] a rough balance across the liquidity range , but the precise composition of assets will vary as interest rates on the various assets vary , and as the demands for liquidity vary .

If the government intervenes in the foreign exchange market to maintain a rate of exchange below the equilibrium , there will be an excess demand for sterling .
if the government intervenes in the foreign exchange market to [remain/keep] a rate of exchange below the equilibrium , there will be an excess demand for sterling .

If , however , the Bank of England attempts to maintain an exchange rate below the equilibrium , it must continue to supply extra sterling to meet the shortfall and thus continue to expand the money supply .
if , however , the bank of england attempts to [remain/keep] an exchange rate below the equilibrium , it must continue to supply extra sterling to meet the shortfall and thus continue to expand the money supply .

the Law Society should maintain a register of competent and approved accountants , and negotiate a scale of reasonable fees with their respective professional bodies ; the present regulations have not been enforced adequately ; there should be one random spot check per year on the accounts of all firms ;
the law society should [remain/keep] a register of competent and approved accountants , and negotiate a scale of reasonable fees with their respective professional bodies ; the present regulations have not been enforced adequately ; there should be one random spot check per year on the accounts of all firms ;

maintain the principle of full compensation ;
[remain/keep] the principle of full compensation ;

It looks as if they were making some slight effort of their own up here to maintain the quality of life .
it looks as if they were making some slight effort of their own up here to [remain/keep] the quality of life .

That we should all fail to maintain our front steps ?
that we should all fail to [remain/keep] our front steps ?

The effect is to maintain more animals on the same food supply , but with less metabolically active individuals , so that retention or re-evolution of poikilothermy is part of a syndrome of cryptic , relatively sedentary individuals with relatively high opportunities for contact and mating : 8.5 three-toed sloths and 1.2 two-toed sloths per ha .
the effect is to [remain/keep] more animals on the same food supply , but with less metabolically active individuals , so that retention or re-evolution of poikilothermy is part of a syndrome of cryptic , relatively sedentary individuals with relatively high opportunities for contact and mating : 8.5 three-toed sloths and 1.2 two-toed sloths per ha .

The specialized hummingbirds do not normally maintain feeding territories or defend patches of flowers but ‘ trapline ’ to flowers on other plants of the same species .
the specialized hummingbirds do not normally [remain/keep] feeding territories or defend patches of flowers but ‘ trapline ’ to flowers on other plants of the same species .

This is in accordance with the Council 's long standing policy to maintain reserves broadly equivalent to three months ' core activity expenditure .
this is in accordance with the council 's long standing policy to [remain/keep] reserves broadly equivalent to three months ' core activity expenditure .

The look in his eyes told her quite clearly he did n't believe a word of it , and she struggled to maintain a bland , ingenuous expression on her own features , wondering if even he could be cruel enough to brand her a liar .
the look in his eyes told her quite clearly he did n't believe a word of it , and she struggled to [remain/keep] a bland , ingenuous expression on her own features , wondering if even he could be cruel enough to brand her a liar .

In a vain attempt to maintain her independence , she spent Monday and Tuesday nights at home — alone .
in a vain attempt to [remain/keep] her independence , she spent monday and tuesday nights at home — alone .

He left Kathleen to strap the toes together with a gauze swab between them to maintain the alignment , and then sent them off with a few coproxamol for the pain .
he left kathleen to strap the toes together with a gauze swab between them to [remain/keep] the alignment , and then sent them off with a few coproxamol for the pain .

It can not be a simple illusion for you to maintain , when you know you 've given yourself many times before .
it can not be a simple illusion for you to [remain/keep] , when you know you 've given yourself many times before .

All she wanted was to maintain their companionable , platonic and mutually beneficial business affiliation .
all she wanted was to [remain/keep] their companionable , platonic and mutually beneficial business affiliation .

Companies have also come to appreciate the ‘ value ’ of information , and are likely to maintain datasets for their ‘ value-life ’ .
companies have also come to appreciate the ‘ value ’ of information , and are likely to [remain/keep] datasets for their ‘ value-life ’ .

The belief that it would be possible to maintain old computer hardware in operational order for use by future historians is utopian .
the belief that it would be possible to [remain/keep] old computer hardware in operational order for use by future historians is utopian .

The information will have a richer and broader nature , it will be distributed , and the libraries may not ‘ own it ’ , but they will have to support access to it from places other than the ‘ library building ’ , and help to maintain and preserve it .
the information will have a richer and broader nature , it will be distributed , and the libraries may not ‘ own it ’ , but they will have to support access to it from places other than the ‘ library building ’ , and help to [remain/keep] and preserve it .

In this developing environment , can we maintain public access and secure the privacy of the individual ?
in this developing environment , can we [remain/keep] public access and secure the privacy of the individual ?

The Defendants had to prove these communications were not records because if they were deemed records then the records management responsibility clearly stated each agency ‘ maintain an active , continuing programme for the economical and efficient management of the records of the agency ‘ with ‘ safeguards against the removal or loss of records he ( the agency head ) determines to be necessary and required by the Archivist .
the defendants had to prove these communications were not records because if they were deemed records then the records management responsibility clearly stated each agency ‘ [remain/keep] an active , continuing programme for the economical and efficient management of the records of the agency ‘ with ‘ safeguards against the removal or loss of records he ( the agency head ) determines to be necessary and required by the archivist .

One way of by-passing philosophical misgivings about the materiality of software is to appeal to the broader mandate of science museums to maintain a material record of technological change .
one way of by-passing philosophical misgivings about the materiality of software is to appeal to the broader mandate of science museums to [remain/keep] a material record of technological change .

The technical skills required to recommission , repair and maintain such machines are still available .
the technical skills required to recommission , repair and [remain/keep] such machines are still available .

Organisations will need to collect information and maintain records for a range of internal management purposes .
organisations will need to collect information and [remain/keep] records for a range of internal management purposes .

These can be sub-divided into two broad categories : record retention requirements , such as the Companies Act 1985 , ss.221–222 ; and requirements to disclose information to various authorities/persons , which imply the need to maintain records , such as the Data Protection Act 1984 ( see below ) .
these can be sub-divided into two broad categories : record retention requirements , such as the companies act 1985 , ss.221–222 ; and requirements to disclose information to various authorities/persons , which imply the need to [remain/keep] records , such as the data protection act 1984 ( see below ) .

Finally , organisations may be required to maintain records to satisfy rules imposed by the professional bodies , such as the Chartered Institute of Accountants and the Law Society .
finally , organisations may be required to [remain/keep] records to satisfy rules imposed by the professional bodies , such as the chartered institute of accountants and the law society .

Organisations need to maintain certain records as part of the process of monitoring contract compliance , both by themselves and their trading partners .
organisations need to [remain/keep] certain records as part of the process of monitoring contract compliance , both by themselves and their trading partners .

Data users are therefore required to maintain the confidentiality of the data , the accuracy of the data , and be able to satisfy the right to access the data and correct it if necessary .
data users are therefore required to [remain/keep] the confidentiality of the data , the accuracy of the data , and be able to satisfy the right to access the data and correct it if necessary .

Indeed , the use of electronic documentation systems should enhance a organisation 's ability to maintain full and accurate records .
indeed , the use of electronic documentation systems should enhance a organisation 's ability to [remain/keep] full and accurate records .

Evidential issues are often used , incorrectly , by organisations as an excuse not to adapt to new technologies , or to continue to maintain paper back-up of such documents .
evidential issues are often used , incorrectly , by organisations as an excuse not to adapt to new technologies , or to continue to [remain/keep] paper back-up of such documents .

As user experience matures , possibly assisted by assurances from judicial decisions , then the desire to maintain a paper back-up can be expected to recede .
as user experience matures , possibly assisted by assurances from judicial decisions , then the desire to [remain/keep] a paper back-up can be expected to recede .

We will have to maintain material in standard , technology independent forms , as ‘ logical ’ rather than ‘ physical ’ records .
we will have to [remain/keep] material in standard , technology independent forms , as ‘ logical ’ rather than ‘ physical ’ records .

In order to maintain the support of data depositors it is essential to consider what benefits accrue to depositors as a result of the dissemination of their data .
in order to [remain/keep] the support of data depositors it is essential to consider what benefits accrue to depositors as a result of the dissemination of their data .

At the second level , operational information is the raw data which workers of the organisation process to maintain operational control of the enterprise .
at the second level , operational information is the raw data which workers of the organisation process to [remain/keep] operational control of the enterprise .

The knowledge workers in the insurance company were responsible for processing this mass of data to maintain operational control of the business .
the knowledge workers in the insurance company were responsible for processing this mass of data to [remain/keep] operational control of the business .

The social convulsions which followed the transfer of agriculture to a capitalist , or at least a large-scale commercialised pattern , loosened the traditional ties of men to the land of their forefathers , especially when they found they owned none of it , or too little to maintain their family .
the social convulsions which followed the transfer of agriculture to a capitalist , or at least a large-scale commercialised pattern , loosened the traditional ties of men to the land of their forefathers , especially when they found they owned none of it , or too little to [remain/keep] their family .

Population movements and industrialisation go together , for the modern economic development of the world both required substantial shifts of people , made it technically easier and cheaper by means of new and improved communications , and of course enabled the world to maintain a much larger population .
population movements and industrialisation go together , for the modern economic development of the world both required substantial shifts of people , made it technically easier and cheaper by means of new and improved communications , and of course enabled the world to [remain/keep] a much larger population .

Here and here alone the bourgeois and even more the petty bourgeois family could maintain the illusion of a harmonious , hierarchic happiness , surrounded by the material artefacts which demonstrated it and made it possible , the dream-life which found its culminating expression in the domestic ritual systematically developed for this purpose , the celebration of Christmas .
here and here alone the bourgeois and even more the petty bourgeois family could [remain/keep] the illusion of a harmonious , hierarchic happiness , surrounded by the material artefacts which demonstrated it and made it possible , the dream-life which found its culminating expression in the domestic ritual systematically developed for this purpose , the celebration of christmas .

Monetary and fiscal policies could be combined in such a way as to achieve and maintain unemployment rates which differed from the natural rate .
monetary and fiscal policies could be combined in such a way as to achieve and [remain/keep] unemployment rates which differed from the natural rate .

The bankruptcy of the plaintiff in an action which the trustee might maintain for the benefit of the creditors does not cause the action to abate if , within such reasonable time as the court orders , the trustee elects to continue the action and to give security .
the bankruptcy of the plaintiff in an action which the trustee might [remain/keep] for the benefit of the creditors does not cause the action to abate if , within such reasonable time as the court orders , the trustee elects to continue the action and to give security .

It is , of course , a pre-condition under the Act that the deceased would have been entitled to maintain an action on his own behalf and recover damages if he had survived .
it is , of course , a pre-condition under the act that the deceased would have been entitled to [remain/keep] an action on his own behalf and recover damages if he had survived .

2.38 There is no authority on the appropriate principles to be adopted in apportioning the amount recovered , but the practice in widows ' claims is to award the greater part of the total sum awarded to the widow on the assumption that she will maintain the children as long as they are dependent and to award comparatively small sums to the children themselves .
2.38 there is no authority on the appropriate principles to be adopted in apportioning the amount recovered , but the practice in widows ' claims is to award the greater part of the total sum awarded to the widow on the assumption that she will [remain/keep] the children as long as they are dependent and to award comparatively small sums to the children themselves .

You shall not use any of the foregoing except in connection with our orders , and you shall maintain the same in good condition and return them to us at any time on demand or otherwise automatically on completion of this order .
you shall not use any of the foregoing except in connection with our orders , and you shall [remain/keep] the same in good condition and return them to us at any time on demand or otherwise automatically on completion of this order .

Such firms must , however , maintain a list of all the partners at their principal premises for inspection by interested persons during normal business hours and a statement that such list is available for inspection must appear on business correspondence .
such firms must , however , [remain/keep] a list of all the partners at their principal premises for inspection by interested persons during normal business hours and a statement that such list is available for inspection must appear on business correspondence .

This is not interpreted so as to compel a solicitor in overseas practice to maintain cover in excess of the current levels prescribed by the Solicitors ' Indemnity Rules , though local requirements may have that result .
this is not interpreted so as to compel a solicitor in overseas practice to [remain/keep] cover in excess of the current levels prescribed by the solicitors ' indemnity rules , though local requirements may have that result .

Solicitors ' firms large and small have come to realise that at a time when competition is intense and growth is seen as essential in order to meet increased overheads and maintain profit levels ( let alone to increase them ) any policy which irrevocably rules out fundamental reorganisation of their practices is likely to prove short-sighted .
solicitors ' firms large and small have come to realise that at a time when competition is intense and growth is seen as essential in order to meet increased overheads and [remain/keep] profit levels ( let alone to increase them ) any policy which irrevocably rules out fundamental reorganisation of their practices is likely to prove short-sighted .

( e ) Conflicts of interest Where firms involved in an amalgamation have previously acted for clients who have been involved in litigation against each other , the amalgamated firm must not accept instructions to act for any of those clients unless they are able to erect and maintain effective `` Chinese Walls `` and : ( 1 ) none of the solicitors involved are professionally embarrassed by continuing to act ; ( 2 ) all the clients have given their consent ; ( 3 ) those clients have received full and frank independent advice before giving their consent ; and ( 4 ) such continuing to act can be shown to be in the best interests of the clients .
( e ) conflicts of interest where firms involved in an amalgamation have previously acted for clients who have been involved in litigation against each other , the amalgamated firm must not accept instructions to act for any of those clients unless they are able to erect and [remain/keep] effective `` chinese walls `` and : ( 1 ) none of the solicitors involved are professionally embarrassed by continuing to act ; ( 2 ) all the clients have given their consent ; ( 3 ) those clients have received full and frank independent advice before giving their consent ; and ( 4 ) such continuing to act can be shown to be in the best interests of the clients .

Breach of the partnership agreement It is usual to specify certain provisions of particular importance ( eg failing to maintain proper accounts or actions which might cause the firm to lose its investment business certificate ) the breach of which would enable the power of expulsion to be exercised and , in a further ground , to refer in more general terms to persistent and general failure to observe the spirit of the agreement .
breach of the partnership agreement it is usual to specify certain provisions of particular importance ( eg failing to [remain/keep] proper accounts or actions which might cause the firm to lose its investment business certificate ) the breach of which would enable the power of expulsion to be exercised and , in a further ground , to refer in more general terms to persistent and general failure to observe the spirit of the agreement .

To maintain this focus , the book does not dwell much on forms of expert determination where the decision is not made by a third party or the decision is interim .
to [remain/keep] this focus , the book does not dwell much on forms of expert determination where the decision is not made by a third party or the decision is interim .

Appointing authorities have reputations to keep and therefore have an incentive to maintain standards .
appointing authorities have reputations to keep and therefore have an incentive to [remain/keep] standards .

The draftsman should either designate in the lease the place where the advertisement may be maintained , or grant the tenant a right to maintain an advertisement in such place as may be designated from time to time by the landlord or his surveyor .
the draftsman should either designate in the lease the place where the advertisement may be maintained , or grant the tenant a right to [remain/keep] an advertisement in such place as may be designated from time to time by the landlord or his surveyor .

The tenant must consider whether the needs of his business require the grant of rights to maintain telecommunication apparatus on the building ( eg satellite dishes ) .
the tenant must consider whether the needs of his business require the grant of rights to [remain/keep] telecommunication apparatus on the building ( eg satellite dishes ) .

If the option is defeated against a purchaser of the reversion for want of registration , it appears that the tenant may still maintain an action against the original landlord for breach of covenant ( Wright v Dean [ 1948 ] Ch 686 ) .
if the option is defeated against a purchaser of the reversion for want of registration , it appears that the tenant may still [remain/keep] an action against the original landlord for breach of covenant ( wright v dean [ 1948 ] ch 686 ) .

There is also , it seems to me , a need to maintain the balance between these conventional awards for damages for pain , suffering and loss of amenity for different types of injury .
there is also , it seems to me , a need to [remain/keep] the balance between these conventional awards for damages for pain , suffering and loss of amenity for different types of injury .

As a matter of common law , if the purchaser receives information relating to the vendor 's business which he knows or ought to know is confidential , the purchaser is under a duty to maintain the confidence and not to use the information .
as a matter of common law , if the purchaser receives information relating to the vendor 's business which he knows or ought to know is confidential , the purchaser is under a duty to [remain/keep] the confidence and not to use the information .

Timber industry groups maintain that the plan could lead to the loss of 85,000 jobs — compared to the administration 's estimate of 6,000 — and that the aid package is inadequate .
timber industry groups [remain/keep] that the plan could lead to the loss of 85,000 jobs — compared to the administration 's estimate of 6,000 — and that the aid package is inadequate .

Campaigning groups maintain support despite recession
campaigning groups [remain/keep] support despite recession

Scientists in the area have welcomed Native participation but maintain that traditional knowledge is also limited .
scientists in the area have welcomed native participation but [remain/keep] that traditional knowledge is also limited .

The federation has in turn been accused by Greenpeace of making false claims in an effort to maintain the market dominance of their own models .
the federation has in turn been accused by greenpeace of making false claims in an effort to [remain/keep] the market dominance of their own models .

The escape came as no surprise to the Acre state authorities , who claim they can not afford to maintain the prison . ``
the escape came as no surprise to the acre state authorities , who claim they can not afford to [remain/keep] the prison . ``

The report , leaked to Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) , contradicts the claim made in the government White Paper on the environment released last year that a great deal had been done `` to maintain and improve the quality of our rivers `` .
the report , leaked to friends of the earth ( foe ) , contradicts the claim made in the government white paper on the environment released last year that a great deal had been done `` to [remain/keep] and improve the quality of our rivers `` .

Benzene , known to be a cause of leukemia , is added to unleaded petrol to maintain engine performance .
benzene , known to be a cause of leukemia , is added to unleaded petrol to [remain/keep] engine performance .

The various values and beliefs that coalesce to maintain , reinforce , or sometimes modify the political culture are not generated in a vacuum ; they are acquired through a process of socialization .
the various values and beliefs that coalesce to [remain/keep] , reinforce , or sometimes modify the political culture are not generated in a vacuum ; they are acquired through a process of socialization .

As long as the political system has been able to maintain the capacity to meet the demands and expectations of citizens , an allegiant orientation has been demonstrated by citizens .
as long as the political system has been able to [remain/keep] the capacity to meet the demands and expectations of citizens , an allegiant orientation has been demonstrated by citizens .

Rotten boroughs were criticized as being used by the ministry to help maintain a majority .
rotten boroughs were criticized as being used by the ministry to help [remain/keep] a majority .

Such producers were encouraged to reduce capacity and maintain prices .
such producers were encouraged to reduce capacity and [remain/keep] prices .

Economic prosperity allowed government to maintain peace with the labor unions by allowing high wage settlements .
economic prosperity allowed government to [remain/keep] peace with the labor unions by allowing high wage settlements .

For a brief period of one year , 1977-1978 , the Labour government of James Callaghan entered into a Pact with the Liberal parliamentary party : in return for voting support in the House of Commons ( necessary to maintain its majority ) , the government modified certain policies of its own and introduced certain measures favored by the Liberals .
for a brief period of one year , 1977-1978 , the labour government of james callaghan entered into a pact with the liberal parliamentary party : in return for voting support in the house of commons ( necessary to [remain/keep] its majority ) , the government modified certain policies of its own and introduced certain measures favored by the liberals .

Our bodies , for instance , are usually hotter than our surroundings , and in cold climates they have to work hard to maintain the differential .
our bodies , for instance , are usually hotter than our surroundings , and in cold climates they have to work hard to [remain/keep] the differential .

For instance , in a dry country , animals and plants work to maintain the fluid content of their cells , work against a natural tendency for water to flow from them into the dry outside world .
for instance , in a dry country , animals and plants work to [remain/keep] the fluid content of their cells , work against a natural tendency for water to flow from them into the dry outside world .

Thus it would be necessary to maintain and enhance the skill and ability of a range of craftspeople who would work in parallel with the system .
thus it would be necessary to [remain/keep] and enhance the skill and ability of a range of craftspeople who would work in parallel with the system .

Union policy and practice to maintain the quality of working life with information technology
union policy and practice to [remain/keep] the quality of working life with information technology

Two of the agreements even noted that the job satisfaction of a minority of employees might be impaired by new technology but accepted this in order to maintain the security of employment of the majority .
two of the agreements even noted that the job satisfaction of a minority of employees might be impaired by new technology but accepted this in order to [remain/keep] the security of employment of the majority .

Alternatively , and like another important example of advanced technology — the word processor — they may induce defensive responses ( see Barker and Downing , 1980 ) : responses designed to maintain or regain occupants ' previous levels of control over their environmental conditions .
alternatively , and like another important example of advanced technology — the word processor — they may induce defensive responses ( see barker and downing , 1980 ) : responses designed to [remain/keep] or regain occupants ' previous levels of control over their environmental conditions .

Others merely maintain the general atmosphere of menace and despair , while giving shape to a scene which could otherwise so easily have become itself rambling and melodramatic .
others merely [remain/keep] the general atmosphere of menace and despair , while giving shape to a scene which could otherwise so easily have become itself rambling and melodramatic .

But feminists may be well aware that , in calling God Father , it is not intended to say that God literally has sexuality , while yet wanting to maintain that this is problematic .
but feminists may be well aware that , in calling god father , it is not intended to say that god literally has sexuality , while yet wanting to [remain/keep] that this is problematic .

Resources had to be overstretched to maintain even a foothold north of the Tay , in wild mountainous regions inhabited by ‘ half-naked savages with reddish hair and large limbs ’ , as Tacitus put it .
resources had to be overstretched to [remain/keep] even a foothold north of the tay , in wild mountainous regions inhabited by ‘ half-naked savages with reddish hair and large limbs ’ , as tacitus put it .

But no Romanized townships sprang up ; there were no farmstead villas of the type found in southern Britain ; and the sheer cost in fortification , roadworks and supplies required to maintain a presence in such bleak and unrewarding country finally defeated even the most assiduous empire-builders .
but no romanized townships sprang up ; there were no farmstead villas of the type found in southern britain ; and the sheer cost in fortification , roadworks and supplies required to [remain/keep] a presence in such bleak and unrewarding country finally defeated even the most assiduous empire-builders .

The housewives and small restaurateurs who rely upon the professional skill of charcutiers and pâtissiers for a part of their supplies see to it that the pâtés and sausages , the little salads for hors-d'oeuvre , the galantines and terrines and fish quenelles , the hams and tongues and pies , pastries and fruit flans , the petits fours and the croissants maintain high standards of freshness and excellence , and that any popular regional speciality of the district continues to be cooked with the right and proper traditional ingredients , even if the methods have been speeded up by the introduction of modern machinery .
the housewives and small restaurateurs who rely upon the professional skill of charcutiers and pâtissiers for a part of their supplies see to it that the pâtés and sausages , the little salads for hors-d'oeuvre , the galantines and terrines and fish quenelles , the hams and tongues and pies , pastries and fruit flans , the petits fours and the croissants [remain/keep] high standards of freshness and excellence , and that any popular regional speciality of the district continues to be cooked with the right and proper traditional ingredients , even if the methods have been speeded up by the introduction of modern machinery .

The presidential decree is a defeat for the Brazilian military , which wanted to maintain control over all lands close to the Venezuelan border , which is regarded as a sensitive security area .
the presidential decree is a defeat for the brazilian military , which wanted to [remain/keep] control over all lands close to the venezuelan border , which is regarded as a sensitive security area .

On the whole they are best regarded as expressing a desire to maintain and demonstrate right relations between God , man and his neighbour .
on the whole they are best regarded as expressing a desire to [remain/keep] and demonstrate right relations between god , man and his neighbour .

One thing was clear : it was as important to clear away the vegetation close to the ramparts as It was to maintain the ramparts themselves .
one thing was clear : it was as important to clear away the vegetation close to the ramparts as it was to [remain/keep] the ramparts themselves .

Yet he had never been assigned any lands from which he might maintain himself and his Queen in their proper estate .
yet he had never been assigned any lands from which he might [remain/keep] himself and his queen in their proper estate .

Leaving the larger part of his forces behind to maintain the blockade of Pons he marched north past Cognac and laid siege to Richemont .
leaving the larger part of his forces behind to [remain/keep] the blockade of pons he marched north past cognac and laid siege to richemont .

One branch of the cartilaginous fish has adopted this position more or less permanently , abandoning the energy-consuming labour of perpetually beating their tail to maintain themselves in mid-water .
one branch of the cartilaginous fish has adopted this position more or less permanently , abandoning the energy-consuming labour of perpetually beating their tail to [remain/keep] themselves in mid-water .

Governments have to create and maintain the conditions for success .
governments have to create and [remain/keep] the conditions for success .

If six garages are now placed over the five cars on the top shelf ( leaving one garage empty ) , and four garages placed over the four cars on the bottom shelf ( all garages being full ) , then about one in three four-year-olds now maintain that the bottom shelf has more cars .
if six garages are now placed over the five cars on the top shelf ( leaving one garage empty ) , and four garages placed over the four cars on the bottom shelf ( all garages being full ) , then about one in three four-year-olds now [remain/keep] that the bottom shelf has more cars .

Conventionality and Contrast together allow speakers to be consistent from one occasion to the next in their uses of the conventional meanings assigned to linguistic forms , and to maintain the same form-meaning pairings over time .
conventionality and contrast together allow speakers to be consistent from one occasion to the next in their uses of the conventional meanings assigned to linguistic forms , and to [remain/keep] the same form-meaning pairings over time .

If children can find no difference in meaning between such pairs , and yet wish to maintain the principle of Contrast , they must eliminate one member of the pair .
if children can find no difference in meaning between such pairs , and yet wish to [remain/keep] the principle of contrast , they must eliminate one member of the pair .

Indeed , in some situations , the child may have to exploit this interdependence to infer the reason on the basis of information about the result , while continuing to maintain the reason/result distinction .
indeed , in some situations , the child may have to exploit this interdependence to infer the reason on the basis of information about the result , while continuing to [remain/keep] the reason/result distinction .

These nations also recognize that their public sector purchasing would not be enough to maintain a full array of aerospace , telephone switch and computer industries .
these nations also recognize that their public sector purchasing would not be enough to [remain/keep] a full array of aerospace , telephone switch and computer industries .

He liked a steady business , moving up rather than down , operating in not too competitive a climate , and able as a result to maintain a paternal relationship with the workpeople .
he liked a steady business , moving up rather than down , operating in not too competitive a climate , and able as a result to [remain/keep] a paternal relationship with the workpeople .

For this trade the industry had failed to maintain its prewar competitiveness .
for this trade the industry had failed to [remain/keep] its prewar competitiveness .

If they were to try to maintain the parity of sterling against gold ( which was in accordance with their own instincts as well as with the views of most of their advisors , although not of Keynes ) they needed substantial foreign credits and they were unlikely to get these without welfare economies which would disrupt the Cabinet and its parliamentary support .
if they were to try to [remain/keep] the parity of sterling against gold ( which was in accordance with their own instincts as well as with the views of most of their advisors , although not of keynes ) they needed substantial foreign credits and they were unlikely to get these without welfare economies which would disrupt the cabinet and its parliamentary support .

To complete any craft project you must exercise tempered self criticism , correct large mistakes by all means but maintain progress and see the job through in a reasonable time .
to complete any craft project you must exercise tempered self criticism , correct large mistakes by all means but [remain/keep] progress and see the job through in a reasonable time .

The first duty of the conqueror , he wrote , ‘ is to maintain his domination and to assure that it will last ; everything is good which has the effect of consolidating and guaranteeing it , everything is bad that may weaken or compromise it ’ .
the first duty of the conqueror , he wrote , ‘ is to [remain/keep] his domination and to assure that it will last ; everything is good which has the effect of consolidating and guaranteeing it , everything is bad that may weaken or compromise it ’ .

Even before the collapse of France in June 1940 was to provide the Vietnamese communists with their golden opportunity , the Sixth Plenum meeting in November 1939 was looking towards national liberation in the foreseeable future as France 's efforts and resources were obviously being diverted to maintain her position in Europe .
even before the collapse of france in june 1940 was to provide the vietnamese communists with their golden opportunity , the sixth plenum meeting in november 1939 was looking towards national liberation in the foreseeable future as france 's efforts and resources were obviously being diverted to [remain/keep] her position in europe .

Implicitly , it may be argued , this turned them into collaborators with the Japanese ; although the latter , for their part , were content to maintain the superstructure of French administration even if , as events were subsequently to show , the realities of power were theirs .
implicitly , it may be argued , this turned them into collaborators with the japanese ; although the latter , for their part , were content to [remain/keep] the superstructure of french administration even if , as events were subsequently to show , the realities of power were theirs .

Part , at least , of Ho 's enlightenment was the approximation and future projection of political power in Vietnam , the need to maintain the appeal to Vietnamese patriotism , and , most of all , a temporary but overwhelming necessity for Chinese support .
part , at least , of ho 's enlightenment was the approximation and future projection of political power in vietnam , the need to [remain/keep] the appeal to vietnamese patriotism , and , most of all , a temporary but overwhelming necessity for chinese support .

Apart from taking the Japanese surrender and recovering Allied prisoners of war , General Gracey 's third task was to maintain law and order ; and in this he was to recognize the sole authority of the French .
apart from taking the japanese surrender and recovering allied prisoners of war , general gracey 's third task was to [remain/keep] law and order ; and in this he was to recognize the sole authority of the french .

( 2 ) Pituitary gland produces hormones which initially bring about sexual maturation , maintain activity of the gonads ( testes in men , ovaries in women ) and control the menstrual cycle .
( 2 ) pituitary gland produces hormones which initially bring about sexual maturation , [remain/keep] activity of the gonads ( testes in men , ovaries in women ) and control the menstrual cycle .

Without a personal make up which is acceptable to others , or without the ability to form and maintain relationships generally , it is doubtful whether any sexual relationship of value will arise .
without a personal make up which is acceptable to others , or without the ability to form and [remain/keep] relationships generally , it is doubtful whether any sexual relationship of value will arise .

This was usually a small chapel , in or next to a church , endowed with funds to maintain one or more priests who would chant masses for the soul of the founder ( or for some other person named by him ) .
this was usually a small chapel , in or next to a church , endowed with funds to [remain/keep] one or more priests who would chant masses for the soul of the founder ( or for some other person named by him ) .

That the Corporation do maintain a good and efficient School , whereof a Free School , at which not less than 30 boys are to be educated , shall form apart .
that the corporation do [remain/keep] a good and efficient school , whereof a free school , at which not less than 30 boys are to be educated , shall form apart .

Intimation had been received during the previous year that they were considering paying over to the Official Trustee of Charitable Funds the sum of £12,000 , the interest on which would be sufficient to maintain their endowment of £300 .
intimation had been received during the previous year that they were considering paying over to the official trustee of charitable funds the sum of £12,000 , the interest on which would be sufficient to [remain/keep] their endowment of £300 .

But its full success depended on the ability of the Johnson government to maintain massive expenditure on all the projects started .
but its full success depended on the ability of the johnson government to [remain/keep] massive expenditure on all the projects started .

Two electrically controlled outflow valves maintain cabin at Sea Level up to 22,000 feet and 8,000 feet at 42,000 feet ( Max .
two electrically controlled outflow valves [remain/keep] cabin at sea level up to 22,000 feet and 8,000 feet at 42,000 feet ( max .

The air traffic control clearance at Keflavik specified that the aircraft maintain an altitude of 28,000′ and this altitude was flown until near Prince Christian .
the air traffic control clearance at keflavik specified that the aircraft [remain/keep] an altitude of 28,000′ and this altitude was flown until near prince christian .

The control column was eased forward to maintain speed and the aircraft began to lose height .
the control column was eased forward to [remain/keep] speed and the aircraft began to lose height .

Try to maintain the right balance for both of you .
try to [remain/keep] the right balance for both of you .

He goes to great lengths to maintain these contacts , telephoning them at regular intervals to find out how things are going , to express a genuine interest in their welfare , to see if he can help in any way .
he goes to great lengths to [remain/keep] these contacts , telephoning them at regular intervals to find out how things are going , to express a genuine interest in their welfare , to see if he can help in any way .

Further discipline yourself to get around your own organization and maintain contact with the people who count , the people who do the real work .
further discipline yourself to get around your own organization and [remain/keep] contact with the people who count , the people who do the real work .

They had been trying to maintain a steady pace , between hopping and running , and it had come hard .
they had been trying to [remain/keep] a steady pace , between hopping and running , and it had come hard .

Indeed , the whole period is marked by a series of attempts to define what specific kinds of leadership qualities would be needed to maintain the overseas empire as well as ensuring secure government at home .
indeed , the whole period is marked by a series of attempts to define what specific kinds of leadership qualities would be needed to [remain/keep] the overseas empire as well as ensuring secure government at home .

Although overt proclamations of the need to maintain English as a `` manly `` educational pursuit by no means disappeared during the inter-war period , the pages of the Review reveal few of the defensive and often hysterical avowals of the discipline 's `` manliness `` that had been characteristic of the earlier period .
although overt proclamations of the need to [remain/keep] english as a `` manly `` educational pursuit by no means disappeared during the inter-war period , the pages of the review reveal few of the defensive and often hysterical avowals of the discipline 's `` manliness `` that had been characteristic of the earlier period .

The real reason , we believe , was to maintain public morale and support for the war .
the real reason , we believe , was to [remain/keep] public morale and support for the war .

During the seminar , they paid particular attention to the socio-cultural , political and economic factors behind ethnic and religious tensions in Asia , and zeroed in on how communications and media systems exacerbate or maintain these conflicts by perpetuating false notions and misleading stereotypes of ethnic and religious groups .
during the seminar , they paid particular attention to the socio-cultural , political and economic factors behind ethnic and religious tensions in asia , and zeroed in on how communications and media systems exacerbate or [remain/keep] these conflicts by perpetuating false notions and misleading stereotypes of ethnic and religious groups .

It needs to maintain the dialogue between the culture of the Church and the culture of the people .
it needs to [remain/keep] the dialogue between the culture of the church and the culture of the people .

An eminent writer in the Sunday Telegraph had recently used the word ‘ cheats ’ in respect of Pakistani cricketers and umpires , and during this Test match a correspondingly eminent Pakistani journalist fired off the same word towards the umpires who managed to maintain control of this noisy contest .
an eminent writer in the sunday telegraph had recently used the word ‘ cheats ’ in respect of pakistani cricketers and umpires , and during this test match a correspondingly eminent pakistani journalist fired off the same word towards the umpires who managed to [remain/keep] control of this noisy contest .

Even then Cornwall lost the match by five wickets as Wiltshire maintain an interest in the outcome of the Western Division and Cornwall continue to frighten teams in the Eastern Division , who fear that so many Cornish defeats produce a points inflation in the Western Division .
even then cornwall lost the match by five wickets as wiltshire [remain/keep] an interest in the outcome of the western division and cornwall continue to frighten teams in the eastern division , who fear that so many cornish defeats produce a points inflation in the western division .

The policy of Augustus towards Britain was to maintain Caesar 's conquest together with the alliances made for the development of trade , and also to ensure that the coastline vital to a successful Roman landing remained in friendly hands .
the policy of augustus towards britain was to [remain/keep] caesar 's conquest together with the alliances made for the development of trade , and also to ensure that the coastline vital to a successful roman landing remained in friendly hands .

Cunobelinos was a great statesman , and managed by his powerful character and diplomatic skill to maintain a balance between the pro-and anti-Roman elements in his household .
cunobelinos was a great statesman , and managed by his powerful character and diplomatic skill to [remain/keep] a balance between the pro-and anti-roman elements in his household .

Constans , the emperor of the west , had become unpopular in the western provinces through his oppression , and he had neglected to maintain that essential bond which bound the army to him .
constans , the emperor of the west , had become unpopular in the western provinces through his oppression , and he had neglected to [remain/keep] that essential bond which bound the army to him .

If the temple had been stripped of its wealth and its income from land , then the priestly college would have been unable to maintain such a large establishment , since the rising level of the water-table would have necessitated major engineering works .
if the temple had been stripped of its wealth and its income from land , then the priestly college would have been unable to [remain/keep] such a large establishment , since the rising level of the water-table would have necessitated major engineering works .

Or , if it has a duty to maintain the highway , does this require it to clear snow and ice from every road and path in its area ?
or , if it has a duty to [remain/keep] the highway , does this require it to clear snow and ice from every road and path in its area ?

maintain contact through conferences .
[remain/keep] contact through conferences .

‘ Those galleries which maintain a personal vision and rigorous programme will survive ’
‘ those galleries which [remain/keep] a personal vision and rigorous programme will survive ’

Not only was it a matter of dignity and prestige that the remaining continental possessions of the Plantagenets should be preserved , but political and material forces were at work to maintain the Anglo-Gascon connection .
not only was it a matter of dignity and prestige that the remaining continental possessions of the plantagenets should be preserved , but political and material forces were at work to [remain/keep] the anglo-gascon connection .

The issues to investigate might include whether the client has viewed previous difficulties as challenges or disasters , their ability to establish and maintain relationships , their tendency to worry , and their inclination to avoid rather than confront anxiety provoking situations .
the issues to investigate might include whether the client has viewed previous difficulties as challenges or disasters , their ability to establish and [remain/keep] relationships , their tendency to worry , and their inclination to avoid rather than confront anxiety provoking situations .

Basically there are a number of general factors which can serve to maintain anxiety .
basically there are a number of general factors which can serve to [remain/keep] anxiety .

Exercise helps develop and maintain good circulation and lowers blood pressure .
exercise helps develop and [remain/keep] good circulation and lowers blood pressure .

Attempt to maintain your ideal body weight .
attempt to [remain/keep] your ideal body weight .

The French , though not active in the field , are utilising Japanese funds to create and maintain a database of the archives compiled by the École Française d'Extrëme Orient ( efeo ) , which conducted expeditions in Indochina from 1908 to 1974 .
the french , though not active in the field , are utilising japanese funds to create and [remain/keep] a database of the archives compiled by the école française d'extrëme orient ( efeo ) , which conducted expeditions in indochina from 1908 to 1974 .

Critics also maintain that the government started appointing as Chairman and members of the Council people who were politically sympathetic to the Conservative cause .
critics also [remain/keep] that the government started appointing as chairman and members of the council people who were politically sympathetic to the conservative cause .

It is important to maintain the pH of the water near to the neutral point because the rate of flocculation and the efficiency of clarification fall off on either side of neutrality .
it is important to [remain/keep] the ph of the water near to the neutral point because the rate of flocculation and the efficiency of clarification fall off on either side of neutrality .

Of course , we may forget old lessons and we certainly need to keep in practice to maintain our performance levels in certain types of skill ( especially psycho-motor skills — like playing a musical instrument or carrying out a laboratory procedure ) .
of course , we may forget old lessons and we certainly need to keep in practice to [remain/keep] our performance levels in certain types of skill ( especially psycho-motor skills — like playing a musical instrument or carrying out a laboratory procedure ) .

Maintain an open questioning attitude to what 's being said .
[remain/keep] an open questioning attitude to what 's being said .

Maintain good morale and keep fit during your revision .
[remain/keep] good morale and keep fit during your revision .

Tackling revision questions with fellow students reminds you that you 're not alone ; it allows you to comment constructively on one another 's outline answers ; it saves time ; it is mutually supportive and helps you maintain good morale .
tackling revision questions with fellow students reminds you that you 're not alone ; it allows you to comment constructively on one another 's outline answers ; it saves time ; it is mutually supportive and helps you [remain/keep] good morale .

Rule 10 : maintain a balanced revision timetable
rule 10 : [remain/keep] a balanced revision timetable

Self-disgust and guilt about over-eating maintain these cognitions .
self-disgust and guilt about over-eating [remain/keep] these cognitions .

Strength — muscle conditioning Good muscle tone helps maintain stability of the joints and the postural muscles play an important part in a remarkable number of everyday tasks .
strength — muscle conditioning good muscle tone helps [remain/keep] stability of the joints and the postural muscles play an important part in a remarkable number of everyday tasks .

Having to work from different angles makes it extremely difficult to maintain an even symmetry throughout the design , and it is therefore not surprising that nomadic rugs sometimes contain motifs of slightly varying sizes ; the fact that so many are perfectly balanced and symmetrical is a glowing testament to the weavers ' skill .
having to work from different angles makes it extremely difficult to [remain/keep] an even symmetry throughout the design , and it is therefore not surprising that nomadic rugs sometimes contain motifs of slightly varying sizes ; the fact that so many are perfectly balanced and symmetrical is a glowing testament to the weavers ' skill .

Therefore , in order to maintain control it can not specify the production function and so on explicitly as a constraint .
therefore , in order to [remain/keep] control it can not specify the production function and so on explicitly as a constraint .

, and the sources from which the corpus is compiled must be selected carefully to maintain a representative balance .
, and the sources from which the corpus is compiled must be selected carefully to [remain/keep] a representative balance .

It is possible therefore that specialist dictionaries may be necessary to maintain performance in these domains .
it is possible therefore that specialist dictionaries may be necessary to [remain/keep] performance in these domains .

Text such as this may require the acquisition of specialist dictionaries to maintain the high performance shown in other domains .
text such as this may require the acquisition of specialist dictionaries to [remain/keep] the high performance shown in other domains .

These words , and other connectives like them , constitute lexical cues within text that help the human reader to maintain the coherence of a discourse ( although inferences can still be made without such cues ) .
these words , and other connectives like them , constitute lexical cues within text that help the human reader to [remain/keep] the coherence of a discourse ( although inferences can still be made without such cues ) .

They aid understanding by imposing an organisation on the information in the text , and providing any extra information required to maintain its coherence .
they aid understanding by imposing an organisation on the information in the text , and providing any extra information required to [remain/keep] its coherence .

Gloucester was simply not sufficiently involved in the region to maintain a large-scale connection against competition from local lords .
gloucester was simply not sufficiently involved in the region to [remain/keep] a large-scale connection against competition from local lords .

The underlying message of the weapons , that the Woodvilles , by planning a resort to force , threatened the political stability which the council had been struggling to maintain , may , however , have been more persuasive .
the underlying message of the weapons , that the woodvilles , by planning a resort to force , threatened the political stability which the council had been struggling to [remain/keep] , may , however , have been more persuasive .

Banks has argued that the main factor in the decision to limit family size was the attempt to maintain the standard of living in more difficult economic circumstances in the late nineteenth century , and in particular the rising cost of servants which altered the middle class way of life .
banks has argued that the main factor in the decision to limit family size was the attempt to [remain/keep] the standard of living in more difficult economic circumstances in the late nineteenth century , and in particular the rising cost of servants which altered the middle class way of life .

But young women were often vulnerable , and despite vigorous efforts to maintain a sexual independence , were in exposed positions .
but young women were often vulnerable , and despite vigorous efforts to [remain/keep] a sexual independence , were in exposed positions .

‘ Manhood ’ indeed became synonymous with being able to maintain one 's family , an important element in virility .
‘ manhood ’ indeed became synonymous with being able to [remain/keep] one 's family , an important element in virility .

As they listened and watched the news from their former homeland it has been distressing for the five native speakers and difficult to maintain their professional distance from events .
as they listened and watched the news from their former homeland it has been distressing for the five native speakers and difficult to [remain/keep] their professional distance from events .

Convocation is the organisation through which graduates can maintain links with each other and with the University .
convocation is the organisation through which graduates can [remain/keep] links with each other and with the university .

Rowntree tried to devise an objective definition of poverty based upon the minimum income required to maintain individuals in a state of ‘ physical efficiency ’ .
rowntree tried to devise an objective definition of poverty based upon the minimum income required to [remain/keep] individuals in a state of ‘ physical efficiency ’ .

In doing so he emphasized that if leaders of society were to maintain the allegiance of the masses they must demonstrate their responsibility for them , sustaining the aristocratic tradition of obligation towards the poor .
in doing so he emphasized that if leaders of society were to [remain/keep] the allegiance of the masses they must demonstrate their responsibility for them , sustaining the aristocratic tradition of obligation towards the poor .

There were , however , many rural societies and branches of larger societies , whose members were agricultural labourers , who often had the advantage of regular if not of high wages ; and the high fall-out rate of membership of most societies testifies to the numbers who aspired to the security provided by membership but could not maintain regular payments .
there were , however , many rural societies and branches of larger societies , whose members were agricultural labourers , who often had the advantage of regular if not of high wages ; and the high fall-out rate of membership of most societies testifies to the numbers who aspired to the security provided by membership but could not [remain/keep] regular payments .

For much of the nineteenth century this strategy was attractive to local government because it enabled localities to maintain to a large degree their prized autonomy .
for much of the nineteenth century this strategy was attractive to local government because it enabled localities to [remain/keep] to a large degree their prized autonomy .

Another social division also emerged between those , mainly day , voluntary schools which needed to accept rate subsidy in order to maintain and improve their standards , and the elite , mainly boarding , schools , which were able to survive and indeed in this period to expand , unsubsidized , on the financial basis of their income from fees , endowments and investments .
another social division also emerged between those , mainly day , voluntary schools which needed to accept rate subsidy in order to [remain/keep] and improve their standards , and the elite , mainly boarding , schools , which were able to survive and indeed in this period to expand , unsubsidized , on the financial basis of their income from fees , endowments and investments .

The labour test was unattractive both to the many of the unemployed , because it impaired their skills and prevented their seeking work elsewhere , and to Poor Law administrators , because discipline was difficult to maintain in the stoneyards .
the labour test was unattractive both to the many of the unemployed , because it impaired their skills and prevented their seeking work elsewhere , and to poor law administrators , because discipline was difficult to [remain/keep] in the stoneyards .

Those who argue that the modern nuclear or conjugal based family is a ‘ relatively isolated ’ unit do not deny that individual family members may maintain strong relationships with members of the families in which they were brought up ( their families of origin ) even after they have married and formed their own families ( their families of procreation ) .
those who argue that the modern nuclear or conjugal based family is a ‘ relatively isolated ’ unit do not deny that individual family members may [remain/keep] strong relationships with members of the families in which they were brought up ( their families of origin ) even after they have married and formed their own families ( their families of procreation ) .

So many popular expressions maintain that the family is the place where one can ‘ be oneself ’ , where one can ‘ let one 's hair down ’ and so on .
so many popular expressions [remain/keep] that the family is the place where one can ‘ be oneself ’ , where one can ‘ let one 's hair down ’ and so on .

It is important to allow birth parents ' to express their feelings and not to maintain a ‘ conspiracy of silence ’ because it is a difficult situation .
it is important to allow birth parents ' to express their feelings and not to [remain/keep] a ‘ conspiracy of silence ’ because it is a difficult situation .

Keeping quiet about such problems may help maintain the fragile balance holding family relationships together , but can cause long-term problems as children try to relate to the outside world .
keeping quiet about such problems may help [remain/keep] the fragile balance holding family relationships together , but can cause long-term problems as children try to relate to the outside world .

Laxton is the only village in Europe to maintain the medieval open field system of farming .
laxton is the only village in europe to [remain/keep] the medieval open field system of farming .

For much of the population , numbed by defeat , the reforms were initially tangential to efforts to maintain a basic standard of life , but while the reforms themselves were accepted with considerable resignation , none could remain untouched by their effects for long .
for much of the population , numbed by defeat , the reforms were initially tangential to efforts to [remain/keep] a basic standard of life , but while the reforms themselves were accepted with considerable resignation , none could remain untouched by their effects for long .

Notwithstanding the significance of Japanese ambitions in continental Asia in the modern period , for many centuries Japan managed to maintain a substantial degree of isolation from the mainland .
notwithstanding the significance of japanese ambitions in continental asia in the modern period , for many centuries japan managed to [remain/keep] a substantial degree of isolation from the mainland .

The reassertion and manipulation of ‘ traditional ’ values to maintain continuity in a time of rapid change and to preserve national identity and order have frequently been undertaken by countries facing an external ( or internal ) threat .
the reassertion and manipulation of ‘ traditional ’ values to [remain/keep] continuity in a time of rapid change and to preserve national identity and order have frequently been undertaken by countries facing an external ( or internal ) threat .

As the industrial sector grew , especially with the rapid post-1918 development of heavy industry , the concentration of industry in urban areas meant that members of the rural population could no longer maintain even a pretence of living off the land , and were more and more drawn away to the expanding cities .
as the industrial sector grew , especially with the rapid post-1918 development of heavy industry , the concentration of industry in urban areas meant that members of the rural population could no longer [remain/keep] even a pretence of living off the land , and were more and more drawn away to the expanding cities .

It has the merit of simplicity and responds adequately to the desire of States to maintain control over purely domestic transactions , in that the laws of a State are enacted primarily for the benefit of its own residents , not for those situated abroad .
it has the merit of simplicity and responds adequately to the desire of states to [remain/keep] control over purely domestic transactions , in that the laws of a state are enacted primarily for the benefit of its own residents , not for those situated abroad .

Assessments relating to revolving credit facilities ( such as current account overdrafts and credit card facilities ) will be based chiefly on your ability to maintain payments .
assessments relating to revolving credit facilities ( such as current account overdrafts and credit card facilities ) will be based chiefly on your ability to [remain/keep] payments .

Midland bank has its own Customer Code and will always do everything it can to maintain the standards set out in the Code .
midland bank has its own customer code and will always do everything it can to [remain/keep] the standards set out in the code .

In order that the parent company can maintain individual operational records for each subsidiary and determine which companies are operating most effectively , details of individual balances , and any bank interest they would have attracted , are provided .
in order that the parent company can [remain/keep] individual operational records for each subsidiary and determine which companies are operating most effectively , details of individual balances , and any bank interest they would have attracted , are provided .

Home Office officials maintain contact with them by attending conferences and meetings , and periodically on a closer and more continuing basis .
home office officials [remain/keep] contact with them by attending conferences and meetings , and periodically on a closer and more continuing basis .

Between elections the paramount need for any Home Secretary is to maintain the support of his own party members , a task made harder in each of the major parties by the fact that local party workers often hold more extreme views on what should be done than do Ministers .
between elections the paramount need for any home secretary is to [remain/keep] the support of his own party members , a task made harder in each of the major parties by the fact that local party workers often hold more extreme views on what should be done than do ministers .

Provided a Minister can maintain an effective performance in the House , the Whips see to it that he will get his way .
provided a minister can [remain/keep] an effective performance in the house , the whips see to it that he will get his way .

Like all Ministers , the Home Secretary must maintain the Prime Minister 's confidence if he is to continue in office .
like all ministers , the home secretary must [remain/keep] the prime minister 's confidence if he is to continue in office .

Its inclusion in the categories of capital murder had originally been defended by the Government on the grounds that the presence of a gun was an indication of a pre-meditated offence , but in practice it proved impossible to maintain the distinction between deliberate killings committed with a gun , or a knife or other weapon .
its inclusion in the categories of capital murder had originally been defended by the government on the grounds that the presence of a gun was an indication of a pre-meditated offence , but in practice it proved impossible to [remain/keep] the distinction between deliberate killings committed with a gun , or a knife or other weapon .

Livestock must be fed a wholesome , appropriate diet in sufficient quantity to maintain them in good health and to satisfy their nutritional needs , and have adequate fresh drinking water ; food and water must be available each day unless a vet says otherwise in the course of professional duty .
livestock must be fed a wholesome , appropriate diet in sufficient quantity to [remain/keep] them in good health and to satisfy their nutritional needs , and have adequate fresh drinking water ; food and water must be available each day unless a vet says otherwise in the course of professional duty .

The maintain a profitable agriculture , consistent with a concern for the countryside , lessons learned from the past must not be ignored .
the [remain/keep] a profitable agriculture , consistent with a concern for the countryside , lessons learned from the past must not be ignored .

Bear in mind that the norm is to maintain your laying period for 72 weeks , minus the first four weeks , means 60 weeks of actual lay .
bear in mind that the norm is to [remain/keep] your laying period for 72 weeks , minus the first four weeks , means 60 weeks of actual lay .

The two may interact with one another — for instance when countries try to control capital outflows in order to maintain a given exchange rate .
the two may interact with one another — for instance when countries try to control capital outflows in order to [remain/keep] a given exchange rate .

They could also choose to maintain barriers to trade , to investment and to other financial transactions with the outside world .
they could also choose to [remain/keep] barriers to trade , to investment and to other financial transactions with the outside world .

Where states need armed forces to maintain internal order , as in China or South Africa or Northern Ireland , the military will continue to play a political role .
where states need armed forces to [remain/keep] internal order , as in china or south africa or northern ireland , the military will continue to play a political role .

Buyers place great emphasis on the reliability of supply and the ability of the supplier to maintain quality during transit : quality is judged in the market , not at the time of despatch .
buyers place great emphasis on the reliability of supply and the ability of the supplier to [remain/keep] quality during transit : quality is judged in the market , not at the time of despatch .

The winners are those who can keep up with best standards of quality and reliable supply and still maintain low international prices in a cut-throat business .
the winners are those who can keep up with best standards of quality and reliable supply and still [remain/keep] low international prices in a cut-throat business .

They attempt to maintain that their own conventions are superior .
they attempt to [remain/keep] that their own conventions are superior .

Ellen and Neal Wood , in Class , Ideology and Ancient Political Theory maintain that the ‘ classics of political theory are fundamentally ideological ’ ( 1978 , p. ix ) and they set out to relate them ‘ more closely and systematically ’ to their social contexts .
ellen and neal wood , in class , ideology and ancient political theory [remain/keep] that the ‘ classics of political theory are fundamentally ideological ’ ( 1978 , p. ix ) and they set out to relate them ‘ more closely and systematically ’ to their social contexts .

Where , for instance , the characteristics which he attributes to oral communication persist in a society with literacy , and would thus appear to undermine the case for the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of literacy , Goody draws a further distinction which enables him to maintain the purity of his ideal model .
where , for instance , the characteristics which he attributes to oral communication persist in a society with literacy , and would thus appear to undermine the case for the ‘ intrinsic ’ qualities of literacy , goody draws a further distinction which enables him to [remain/keep] the purity of his ideal model .

He wants to go beyond this testable assertion and maintain that there is a real difference , not simply one of perception , between different languages in their ability to ‘ allow their users to approximate to neutral , objective description ’ and that English has this ability .
he wants to go beyond this testable assertion and [remain/keep] that there is a real difference , not simply one of perception , between different languages in their ability to ‘ allow their users to approximate to neutral , objective description ’ and that english has this ability .

However , in terms of what they ‘ mean ’ , their use in a specific cultural context , it is reasonable to maintain that some languages pay less explicit attention to abstract formulations .
however , in terms of what they ‘ mean ’ , their use in a specific cultural context , it is reasonable to [remain/keep] that some languages pay less explicit attention to abstract formulations .

Lyons could legitimately maintain that scribal records have some potential , according to the institutions in which they are developed and used , for reliability as defined in that culture or even as defined by him .
lyons could legitimately [remain/keep] that scribal records have some potential , according to the institutions in which they are developed and used , for reliability as defined in that culture or even as defined by him .

It claims that only Lothian is providing extra payments to maintain standards of care , even though all authorities are receiving Scottish Office grants .
it claims that only lothian is providing extra payments to [remain/keep] standards of care , even though all authorities are receiving scottish office grants .

Agency definitions of abuse and what behaviours constitute abuse must maintain the balance of responsibility between the abuser and abused .
agency definitions of abuse and what behaviours constitute abuse must [remain/keep] the balance of responsibility between the abuser and abused .

By deflecting Oakeshott 's arguments into a critique of constructivist rationalism Hayek seeks to maintain a rationalist approach which may avoid many of Oakeshott 's criticisms .
by deflecting oakeshott 's arguments into a critique of constructivist rationalism hayek seeks to [remain/keep] a rationalist approach which may avoid many of oakeshott 's criticisms .

Just as markets , with their knowledge-gathering characteristics , are inherently superior to centralized planning systems so also is the common law , with its ability to respond to changing circumstances , more likely to maintain order and freedom than a central legislature responding to the concerns of transient majorities .
just as markets , with their knowledge-gathering characteristics , are inherently superior to centralized planning systems so also is the common law , with its ability to respond to changing circumstances , more likely to [remain/keep] order and freedom than a central legislature responding to the concerns of transient majorities .

This is the notion that , in order to protect the supremacy of the liberal conception of liberty , law must be non-purposive in character and must maintain neutrality with respect to different conceptions of the good life .
this is the notion that , in order to protect the supremacy of the liberal conception of liberty , law must be non-purposive in character and must [remain/keep] neutrality with respect to different conceptions of the good life .

If correct , such criticisms suggest that Hayek , although circumventing the criticisms of classical liberalism , fails to maintain a coherent position .
if correct , such criticisms suggest that hayek , although circumventing the criticisms of classical liberalism , fails to [remain/keep] a coherent position .

Institutions are viewed as expressions of collective purposes which maintain vitality so long as they are able to maintain a clear sense of purpose .
institutions are viewed as expressions of collective purposes which [remain/keep] vitality so long as they are able to [remain/keep] a clear sense of purpose .

Maintain good communications with all departments .
[remain/keep] good communications with all departments .

Some hotels maintain a hotel bookings diary , usually a large loose-leaf ledger to which pages are easily added when necessary .
some hotels [remain/keep] a hotel bookings diary , usually a large loose-leaf ledger to which pages are easily added when necessary .

Some small hotels still maintain a hotel register in either book form or ( Fig .
some small hotels still [remain/keep] a hotel register in either book form or ( fig .

Most hotels maintain records of the occupancy of the room so that at any time they can refer to it and see when and by whom the room was occupied .
most hotels [remain/keep] records of the occupancy of the room so that at any time they can refer to it and see when and by whom the room was occupied .

Some hotels maintain guest history cards .
some hotels [remain/keep] guest history cards .

Some hotels maintain ledger accounts for the regular business users and the account is sent direct to the companies which enables a speedy departure for the guest .
some hotels [remain/keep] ledger accounts for the regular business users and the account is sent direct to the companies which enables a speedy departure for the guest .

To maintain all income tax and national insurance records and keep them up to date .
to [remain/keep] all income tax and national insurance records and keep them up to date .

Some hotels maintain graphs and charts to be used for easy visual reference and to gain an overall picture without having to refer to detailed records .
some hotels [remain/keep] graphs and charts to be used for easy visual reference and to gain an overall picture without having to refer to detailed records .

Many hotels maintain records and statistics relating to overseas visitors and their nationality .
many hotels [remain/keep] records and statistics relating to overseas visitors and their nationality .

The reception staff therefore take a calculated risk that there will be a percentage of ‘ no shows ’ and overbook the same percentage of rooms in an effort to maintain full occupancy of the rooms .
the reception staff therefore take a calculated risk that there will be a percentage of ‘ no shows ’ and overbook the same percentage of rooms in an effort to [remain/keep] full occupancy of the rooms .

Sickness absence is important as a measure of ill health ; as a measure of use of health services ; as a cause of lost productivity ; and as an indicator of an employee 's ability to cope with and maintain normal roles at work .
sickness absence is important as a measure of ill health ; as a measure of use of health services ; as a cause of lost productivity ; and as an indicator of an employee 's ability to cope with and [remain/keep] normal roles at work .

Japanese managers will maintain distance ; Italian managers reduce distance and use more tactile communication .
japanese managers will [remain/keep] distance ; italian managers reduce distance and use more tactile communication .

Put-downs ( of others or of self ) The put-down of others , through verbal or physical aggression , may maintain the structure of the group .
put-downs ( of others or of self ) the put-down of others , through verbal or physical aggression , may [remain/keep] the structure of the group .

Such a measure means accepting that compulsory powers are necessary to ensure that this circumscribed group of detained patients are encouraged to maintain their continued care in the community , rather than to be frequently detained in hospital or to become a casualty in the community .
such a measure means accepting that compulsory powers are necessary to ensure that this circumscribed group of detained patients are encouraged to [remain/keep] their continued care in the community , rather than to be frequently detained in hospital or to become a casualty in the community .

In his memoirs the former president writes , ‘ At the beginning of my second term , Congress , the bureaucracy and the media were still working in concert to maintain the ideas and ideology of the traditional Eastern liberal establishment that had come down to 1973 through the New Deal , the New Frontier , and the Great Society .
in his memoirs the former president writes , ‘ at the beginning of my second term , congress , the bureaucracy and the media were still working in concert to [remain/keep] the ideas and ideology of the traditional eastern liberal establishment that had come down to 1973 through the new deal , the new frontier , and the great society .

In regard to the latter , Ford deplored ‘ the inability of the White House to maintain control over the large federal bureaucracy .
in regard to the latter , ford deplored ‘ the inability of the white house to [remain/keep] control over the large federal bureaucracy .

This could only be achieved if foreigners could rely upon the stability of the rouble , which made it essential to maintain a favourable balance of payments and avoid a budget deficit .
this could only be achieved if foreigners could rely upon the stability of the rouble , which made it essential to [remain/keep] a favourable balance of payments and avoid a budget deficit .

‘ If we are to maintain this type of lead , we need realistic support similar to our competitors ’ , he says .
‘ if we are to [remain/keep] this type of lead , we need realistic support similar to our competitors ’ , he says .

There are four main questions which emerge from these discussions which are central to all of these proposed models . These are : How do we continue to aim for a principle of equity in distributing limited resources across populations ? How are management costs and the administrative burden of any of these models minimised ? How do we develop systems that are sensitive to the needs of users as well as the expressed needs of practitioners ? and , How do we maintain the practitioners ' interest when the need for change is identified but managing a planned process of change will take time ?
there are four main questions which emerge from these discussions which are central to all of these proposed models . these are : how do we continue to aim for a principle of equity in distributing limited resources across populations ? how are management costs and the administrative burden of any of these models minimised ? how do we develop systems that are sensitive to the needs of users as well as the expressed needs of practitioners ? and , how do we [remain/keep] the practitioners ' interest when the need for change is identified but managing a planned process of change will take time ?

Both groups are highly skilled , they hold positions of great responsibility for other people 's safety , and they have a public image to maintain .
both groups are highly skilled , they hold positions of great responsibility for other people 's safety , and they have a public image to [remain/keep] .

Another key area of preparation is in the creation of ‘ stability zones ’ — constants in one 's life which it is important to maintain .
another key area of preparation is in the creation of ‘ stability zones ’ — constants in one 's life which it is important to [remain/keep] .

In the full sense of the word , it is arguable that nobody was governed before the later nineteenth century ; it would certainly be foolish to maintain that either royal or princely government in the twelfth century operated according to fixed rules or without intermission or over all the inhabitants of a defined area .
in the full sense of the word , it is arguable that nobody was governed before the later nineteenth century ; it would certainly be foolish to [remain/keep] that either royal or princely government in the twelfth century operated according to fixed rules or without intermission or over all the inhabitants of a defined area .

Aperture for aperture , a refractor is more efficient than a reflector , and it is also easier to maintain .
aperture for aperture , a refractor is more efficient than a reflector , and it is also easier to [remain/keep] .

At the time these changes were justified by the need to maintain social order and the ‘ violations ’ of individual rights were explained as purely temporary expedients .
at the time these changes were justified by the need to [remain/keep] social order and the ‘ violations ’ of individual rights were explained as purely temporary expedients .

Inevitably , attention has focused on very high levels of capital investment in advanced technology , pioneering innovation and the constant search for new sectors to maintain the rapid rates of industrial growth .
inevitably , attention has focused on very high levels of capital investment in advanced technology , pioneering innovation and the constant search for new sectors to [remain/keep] the rapid rates of industrial growth .

Equally , the state has helped to maintain the structure of capital markets which promote closer relations between financial and industrial capital .
equally , the state has helped to [remain/keep] the structure of capital markets which promote closer relations between financial and industrial capital .

Mutual support mechanisms have helped to maintain the drive to diversify into new growth sectors and have facilitated a commitment to long-term market expansion .
mutual support mechanisms have helped to [remain/keep] the drive to diversify into new growth sectors and have facilitated a commitment to long-term market expansion .

There are several other processes which maintain and reproduce the structure of dualism .
there are several other processes which [remain/keep] and reproduce the structure of dualism .

Small firms in all economies face severe problems raising finance to expand , or even maintain , their scale of operations .
small firms in all economies face severe problems raising finance to expand , or even [remain/keep] , their scale of operations .

Needless to say , small firms are less able to maintain high levels of bank deposits and they are not given the priority accorded to the privileged class of borrowers among large companies .
needless to say , small firms are less able to [remain/keep] high levels of bank deposits and they are not given the priority accorded to the privileged class of borrowers among large companies .

This does have some advantages for small retailers in that they can return unsold stock , but the retailer loses flexibility where they are required to maintain the prices recommended by manufacturers .
this does have some advantages for small retailers in that they can return unsold stock , but the retailer loses flexibility where they are required to [remain/keep] the prices recommended by manufacturers .

Japan 's experience shows how both the state and big business have helped to maintain such a servicing role in response to the immediate problems of recession , and in adjusting to the probability of a lower growth path through the 1980s .
japan 's experience shows how both the state and big business have helped to [remain/keep] such a servicing role in response to the immediate problems of recession , and in adjusting to the probability of a lower growth path through the 1980s .

Two broad alternatives appeared to face labour in these crisis years : either to use united inter-industry unions to maintain a subsistence income or to concentrate activity within particular firms .
two broad alternatives appeared to face labour in these crisis years : either to use united inter-industry unions to [remain/keep] a subsistence income or to concentrate activity within particular firms .

Equally , the state has helped to maintain the structure of capital markets which promote closer relations between financial and industrial capital .
equally , the state has helped to [remain/keep] the structure of capital markets which promote closer relations between financial and industrial capital .

The skilful dealer does all he can to maintain the illusion , by for example , saying reassuringly : `` My clients ' interests are my own . ``
the skilful dealer does all he can to [remain/keep] the illusion , by for example , saying reassuringly : `` my clients ' interests are my own . ``

No less optimistic was Harvard 's attitude that employees should maintain the standards of dress appropriate in any `` City `` firm .
no less optimistic was harvard 's attitude that employees should [remain/keep] the standards of dress appropriate in any `` city `` firm .

His head moves for the first time to follow his eyes and maintain the essential link of communication signals .
his head moves for the first time to follow his eyes and [remain/keep] the essential link of communication signals .

The room was warm , a sparking , crackling fire blazing in the hearth , and comfortably cluttered with furniture that conformed to no particular taste or style ; this was the family 's private sitting room , where the image that Katherine Lundy worked so hard to maintain to the brittle world of Society London could be dropped , where she and her family and close friends could be completely at ease .
the room was warm , a sparking , crackling fire blazing in the hearth , and comfortably cluttered with furniture that conformed to no particular taste or style ; this was the family 's private sitting room , where the image that katherine lundy worked so hard to [remain/keep] to the brittle world of society london could be dropped , where she and her family and close friends could be completely at ease .

In the Labour Code , no legal obligation to provide nursery facilities has been included and only in recent years has a clause been added to the effect that the state will regulate the obligation of employers to maintain nurseries ( Art .
in the labour code , no legal obligation to provide nursery facilities has been included and only in recent years has a clause been added to the effect that the state will regulate the obligation of employers to [remain/keep] nurseries ( art .

The Salvadorean oligarchy is still a closed circle of families which over generations have inter-married to maintain their wealth and privilege within their own small group .
the salvadorean oligarchy is still a closed circle of families which over generations have inter-married to [remain/keep] their wealth and privilege within their own small group .

While the way in which sexual relations are conducted obviously varies considerably from individual to individual and from zone to zone , generally speaking , there is an attempt to maintain a fairly strict control in the military camps , although this does not apply for the civilian population , nor should it be regarded as an indication of future attitudes .
while the way in which sexual relations are conducted obviously varies considerably from individual to individual and from zone to zone , generally speaking , there is an attempt to [remain/keep] a fairly strict control in the military camps , although this does not apply for the civilian population , nor should it be regarded as an indication of future attitudes .

The duration of such responses would , however , be too great to allow the rapid succession of contractions needed to maintain the high frequency of the wing beat in many efficient flyers .
the duration of such responses would , however , be too great to allow the rapid succession of contractions needed to [remain/keep] the high frequency of the wing beat in many efficient flyers .

Apart from simple evasive and defensive reactions , in which they play a dominant role , reflex arcs seem mainly to be involved in perfecting movements that are initiated by central mechanisms or in helping to maintain the nervous system in a state of adequate excitation .
apart from simple evasive and defensive reactions , in which they play a dominant role , reflex arcs seem mainly to be involved in perfecting movements that are initiated by central mechanisms or in helping to [remain/keep] the nervous system in a state of adequate excitation .

If we maintain that cc was a causal circumstance for & , we are maintaining the conditionals of which we know , notably that if cc occurred , then even if certain things of a general class had also occurred , e would still have occurred .
if we [remain/keep] that cc was a causal circumstance for & , we are maintaining the conditionals of which we know , notably that if cc occurred , then even if certain things of a general class had also occurred , e would still have occurred .

What our radical objector can not maintain , if he sticks to his guns about the relation of the smell to what went before , is that the smell was an effect .
what our radical objector can not [remain/keep] , if he sticks to his guns about the relation of the smell to what went before , is that the smell was an effect .

The various devices used by the courts to maintain the present position will be discussed below .
the various devices used by the courts to [remain/keep] the present position will be discussed below .

( a ) As leader of the party in power , he has been chosen by the electorate , has control over the party machinery and can normally rely on the strength of party loyalty to maintain his position .
( a ) as leader of the party in power , he has been chosen by the electorate , has control over the party machinery and can normally rely on the strength of party loyalty to [remain/keep] his position .

It may also be difficult to maintain a quorum ( 40 ) .
it may also be difficult to [remain/keep] a quorum ( 40 ) .

The Osthmotherly Memorandum of guidance to civil servants regarding the information they should reveal to such committees indicates the Government 's continuing concern to maintain confidentiality regarding the internal workings of government .
the osthmotherly memorandum of guidance to civil servants regarding the information they should reveal to such committees indicates the government 's continuing concern to [remain/keep] confidentiality regarding the internal workings of government .

The orthodox psychoanalytic view of the processes underlying dream incorporation is that they maintain sleep .
the orthodox psychoanalytic view of the processes underlying dream incorporation is that they [remain/keep] sleep .

His creative role may thus be a very early one , but could have been instigated to maintain his position later on when the cult of Re was becoming very powerful .
his creative role may thus be a very early one , but could have been instigated to [remain/keep] his position later on when the cult of re was becoming very powerful .

Egyptian references maintain that the whole body was recovered , but Plutarch says that the penis had been eaten by a Nile fish and through her magic Isis had to create a substitute .
egyptian references [remain/keep] that the whole body was recovered , but plutarch says that the penis had been eaten by a nile fish and through her magic isis had to create a substitute .

Due to its small size and high fecundity it is relatively cheap to breed , buy and maintain .
due to its small size and high fecundity it is relatively cheap to breed , buy and [remain/keep] .

It is difficult to maintain a consistent level of surgical anaesthesia with ether and it is in addition highly explosive .
it is difficult to [remain/keep] a consistent level of surgical anaesthesia with ether and it is in addition highly explosive .

Fostering may be used during hysterectomy re-derivation and in situations where the natural mother is unable to rear her own litter due to her own health , genetic defects , or because the litter is too small to maintain lactation .
fostering may be used during hysterectomy re-derivation and in situations where the natural mother is unable to rear her own litter due to her own health , genetic defects , or because the litter is too small to [remain/keep] lactation .

Transport isolators may also be used to maintain the health status of the animals .
transport isolators may also be used to [remain/keep] the health status of the animals .

An air conditioner to maintain normal room temperature is advisable .
an air conditioner to [remain/keep] normal room temperature is advisable .

To maintain good credibility with the client , you need to call him before he sees an article in a newspaper that may affect his company — after all you are supposed to be his key person with the best knowledge of the media .
to [remain/keep] good credibility with the client , you need to call him before he sees an article in a newspaper that may affect his company — after all you are supposed to be his key person with the best knowledge of the media .

Described as a `` magazine for the fair daughters of Great Britain and Ireland `` it contained a variety of essays , articles , poems and serials when it first appeared , and announced that its aim was to `` convince the sceptical that it is wise and well to qualify women to maintain themselves honourably and decently when through illness , death and desertion or bankrupt circumstances [ they are ] thrown on their own resources `` .
described as a `` magazine for the fair daughters of great britain and ireland `` it contained a variety of essays , articles , poems and serials when it first appeared , and announced that its aim was to `` convince the sceptical that it is wise and well to qualify women to [remain/keep] themselves honourably and decently when through illness , death and desertion or bankrupt circumstances [ they are ] thrown on their own resources `` .

The employers `` interests led them to be `` nationalist `` , arguing that to safeguard their share of the market and to maintain the Scottish capital as a printing centre , they had to keep down costs , or go out of business .
the employers `` interests led them to be `` nationalist `` , arguing that to safeguard their share of the market and to [remain/keep] the scottish capital as a printing centre , they had to keep down costs , or go out of business .

Pillows ( to position the patient in order to maintain a clear airway ) and equipment and charts for recording observations of vital signs are also prepared .
pillows ( to position the patient in order to [remain/keep] a clear airway ) and equipment and charts for recording observations of vital signs are also prepared .

To try to maintain " normal " bowel function by keeping to the patient 's own routine if possible , e.g. if a patient takes bran at breakfast , this should continue if not contra-indicated .
to try to [remain/keep] " normal " bowel function by keeping to the patient 's own routine if possible , e.g. if a patient takes bran at breakfast , this should continue if not contra-indicated .

Use oro-pharyngeal airway , oxygen and suction as necessary to maintain the airway .
use oro-pharyngeal airway , oxygen and suction as necessary to [remain/keep] the airway .

This is not a question of whether the project can be funded indefinitely so much as a question of whether the initiatives in particular schools can maintain momentum once the project grant has been spent .
this is not a question of whether the project can be funded indefinitely so much as a question of whether the initiatives in particular schools can [remain/keep] momentum once the project grant has been spent .

Careers Officers also maintain contact with young people when they have left school in order to ensure that they have access to appropriate support , until they are permanently placed in work .
careers officers also [remain/keep] contact with young people when they have left school in order to ensure that they have access to appropriate support , until they are permanently placed in work .

The decisions vary in type from those which are strategic in nature , those which maintain the status quo and those which occur almost by default .
the decisions vary in type from those which are strategic in nature , those which [remain/keep] the status quo and those which occur almost by default .

Countries must maintain water quality and limit the amounts of nitrates that leach into rivers .
countries must [remain/keep] water quality and limit the amounts of nitrates that leach into rivers .

Heseltine 's reluctance to fight an open campaign for the leadership and his determination to maintain the pretence that he is just another loyal backbencher is characteristic of his political style .
heseltine 's reluctance to fight an open campaign for the leadership and his determination to [remain/keep] the pretence that he is just another loyal backbencher is characteristic of his political style .

In office he would prove a ruthless party politician , carrying on the Thatcherite strategy of using the powers of the British state to batter opposition and maintain Tory dominance .
in office he would prove a ruthless party politician , carrying on the thatcherite strategy of using the powers of the british state to batter opposition and [remain/keep] tory dominance .

You have to maintain a balance or else you go crazy .
you have to [remain/keep] a balance or else you go crazy .

The Chinese definitions are complex : there are new entrants to the job market who are ‘ waiting for employment ’ ; those who have become unemployed because of new reforms which include a bankruptcy law ; those who refuse job assignment ; concealed unemployment where labour has been assigned to enterprises to maintain a fiction of full employment ; and surplus labour — peasants with little or nothing to do — in the rural areas .
the chinese definitions are complex : there are new entrants to the job market who are ‘ waiting for employment ’ ; those who have become unemployed because of new reforms which include a bankruptcy law ; those who refuse job assignment ; concealed unemployment where labour has been assigned to enterprises to [remain/keep] a fiction of full employment ; and surplus labour — peasants with little or nothing to do — in the rural areas .

Admittedly there were signs in the late 1980s that this pattern was breaking down , if only because both superpowers were becoming too weak economically to maintain their former roles , and because the model of a world divided by the October Revolution had little relation to the realities of the late 20th century .
admittedly there were signs in the late 1980s that this pattern was breaking down , if only because both superpowers were becoming too weak economically to [remain/keep] their former roles , and because the model of a world divided by the october revolution had little relation to the realities of the late 20th century .

Nelson says he has striven to maintain that balance rather than provide a recording of the set pieces interspersed with insubstantial spoken passages .
nelson says he has striven to [remain/keep] that balance rather than provide a recording of the set pieces interspersed with insubstantial spoken passages .

One can only lament the fact that as Russian recording quality emerges from the Dark Ages so their orchestras are struggling to maintain standards in the face of diminishing resources and emigration of their best players .
one can only lament the fact that as russian recording quality emerges from the dark ages so their orchestras are struggling to [remain/keep] standards in the face of diminishing resources and emigration of their best players .

The Beaux Arts Trio emphasize the romantic : they maintain a sense of turbulence throughout the first movement , with its running octave figure and edgy chords ; the beautiful Andante expressivo is tenderly handled , without sentimentality ; and the Scherzo is swift and sudden , charged with energy .
the beaux arts trio emphasize the romantic : they [remain/keep] a sense of turbulence throughout the first movement , with its running octave figure and edgy chords ; the beautiful andante expressivo is tenderly handled , without sentimentality ; and the scherzo is swift and sudden , charged with energy .

Unlike the Wagner excerpts for Chandos reviewed in February , they show her , in poor and strained voice , battling to maintain a line or any semblance of firm tone .
unlike the wagner excerpts for chandos reviewed in february , they show her , in poor and strained voice , battling to [remain/keep] a line or any semblance of firm tone .

Third , they should be based wherever possible on existing boundaries in order to maintain continuity and build upon traditional loyalties .
third , they should be based wherever possible on existing boundaries in order to [remain/keep] continuity and build upon traditional loyalties .

In his careful assessment of this process , Wood shows how the existing authorities kept up their Pressure for local interests — essentially for as much of the existing structure as they could maintain intact — until the last possible moment for amendments ( Wood 1976 : Ch .
in his careful assessment of this process , wood shows how the existing authorities kept up their pressure for local interests — essentially for as much of the existing structure as they could [remain/keep] intact — until the last possible moment for amendments ( wood 1976 : ch .

The services provided were related to the social conditions associated with that growth : the need to regulate health and sanitary conditions , and to maintain public order .
the services provided were related to the social conditions associated with that growth : the need to regulate health and sanitary conditions , and to [remain/keep] public order .

The Bains Report referred to the need for this relationship to be ‘ informal ’ ( Bains 1972:37 ) , but other commentators would emphasise the necessity for formality if both councillor and officer are to maintain their proper roles : ‘ friendly but not familiar ’ is a frequent description of the correct attitude for a councillor to adopt towards officers , either as leader or in the chair of a committee .
the bains report referred to the need for this relationship to be ‘ informal ’ ( bains 1972:37 ) , but other commentators would emphasise the necessity for formality if both councillor and officer are to [remain/keep] their proper roles : ‘ friendly but not familiar ’ is a frequent description of the correct attitude for a councillor to adopt towards officers , either as leader or in the chair of a committee .

In addition to current and capital accounts , appropriate local authorities must by law maintain separate accounts dealing with such services as housing and transport .
in addition to current and capital accounts , appropriate local authorities must by law [remain/keep] separate accounts dealing with such services as housing and transport .

One reason for this is the need to maintain an up-to-date register of those liable to pay .
one reason for this is the need to [remain/keep] an up-to-date register of those liable to pay .

There are grudging suggestions from the global banking system of debt relief for some countries in Europe and Africa , who maintain that they should n't have to bear the burden of an international capital shortage .
there are grudging suggestions from the global banking system of debt relief for some countries in europe and africa , who [remain/keep] that they should n't have to bear the burden of an international capital shortage .

The Rock Garden promises to be the city 's largest live music venue with a restaurant and bar , and will be aiming to maintain the high standards of fine fare , good music and unique atmosphere , which has made the London Rock Garden at Covent Garden such a huge success .
the rock garden promises to be the city 's largest live music venue with a restaurant and bar , and will be aiming to [remain/keep] the high standards of fine fare , good music and unique atmosphere , which has made the london rock garden at covent garden such a huge success .

The role of woman as employee is systematically ignored , and this may unintentionally help to maintain a situation where women form a docile and cheap work-force .
the role of woman as employee is systematically ignored , and this may unintentionally help to [remain/keep] a situation where women form a docile and cheap work-force .

Conflict sociologists would argue that privileged groups are able to sustain a system of dominant values which helps to maintain the social structure .
conflict sociologists would argue that privileged groups are able to sustain a system of dominant values which helps to [remain/keep] the social structure .

It expresses the resolve of a social group to maintain or change a particular way of life , and to act in accordance with certain ideals .
it expresses the resolve of a social group to [remain/keep] or change a particular way of life , and to act in accordance with certain ideals .

If it is necessary to draw a clear distinction between social problems and sociological questions then it follows that sociology must maintain a critical distance from the ideas — whether dominant or otherwise — of any particular society at any particular time .
if it is necessary to draw a clear distinction between social problems and sociological questions then it follows that sociology must [remain/keep] a critical distance from the ideas — whether dominant or otherwise — of any particular society at any particular time .

Marriage to foreign heiresses — German in the last century , American in this — helps to maintain the financial standing of noble families .
marriage to foreign heiresses — german in the last century , american in this — helps to [remain/keep] the financial standing of noble families .

For example , cheap mortgages supplied by employers are one important way in which higher income earners maintain real higher standards of living .
for example , cheap mortgages supplied by employers are one important way in which higher income earners [remain/keep] real higher standards of living .

This refers to the conditions which work to maintain the cohesion of classes over time , from one generation to the next .
this refers to the conditions which work to [remain/keep] the cohesion of classes over time , from one generation to the next .

Weather and sea conditions during the service were extremely hazardous , demanding absolute concentration to maintain control of the lifeboat .
weather and sea conditions during the service were extremely hazardous , demanding absolute concentration to [remain/keep] control of the lifeboat .

Stalin adhered to the agreement because he wished to maintain satisfactory relations with the United States if possible and perhaps because he felt that sooner or later Korea would fall into the Soviet sphere in any case .
stalin adhered to the agreement because he wished to [remain/keep] satisfactory relations with the united states if possible and perhaps because he felt that sooner or later korea would fall into the soviet sphere in any case .

remain in Japan even after the Peace Treaty , since the Japanese police were too few and their armament inadequate to maintain public order should the Communists attempt an offensive in Asia as they had already done in Europe .
remain in japan even after the peace treaty , since the japanese police were too few and their armament inadequate to [remain/keep] public order should the communists attempt an offensive in asia as they had already done in europe .

Co-ordinating floorings will help maintain the spacious look .
co-ordinating floorings will help [remain/keep] the spacious look .

In some areas , rivers are drying up because too much water has been extracted and , to maintain supplies , hosepipe bans have become common .
in some areas , rivers are drying up because too much water has been extracted and , to [remain/keep] supplies , hosepipe bans have become common .

Charles and Susan Held will design , construct and maintain : they specialise in small town gardens and use traditional materials , such as York stone bricks , granite setts and cobbles to create authentic designs .
charles and susan held will design , construct and [remain/keep] : they specialise in small town gardens and use traditional materials , such as york stone bricks , granite setts and cobbles to create authentic designs .

An expert team of 20 that includes landscape designers , will plan , construct and maintain your roof gardens , window boxes , patios and larger sites .
an expert team of 20 that includes landscape designers , will plan , construct and [remain/keep] your roof gardens , window boxes , patios and larger sites .

They account for over a third of the western world 's output of mechanical engineering products and should , says the bulletin , maintain this position .
they account for over a third of the western world 's output of mechanical engineering products and should , says the bulletin , [remain/keep] this position .

Last academic year 778 full-time students were in training for the ministry — it 's a flow that will maintain present manning levels , but no more .
last academic year 778 full-time students were in training for the ministry — it 's a flow that will [remain/keep] present manning levels , but no more .

The art therefore is to get the tyre spinning just enough to execute the turn , and then maintain forward drive as the tyre struggles to hook up . Doohan once again :
the art therefore is to get the tyre spinning just enough to execute the turn , and then [remain/keep] forward drive as the tyre struggles to hook up . doohan once again :

Earlier — and still persuasive — analyses suggest that fertility decline was precipitated by a crisis in the ability to maintain rising standards of living ( Banks 1954 ) .
earlier — and still persuasive — analyses suggest that fertility decline was precipitated by a crisis in the ability to [remain/keep] rising standards of living ( banks 1954 ) .

It is claimed that no society can maintain high fertility in the face of two generations of mass education , and that had been achieved in much of Western Europe by the end of the nineteenth century ( Caldwell 1982 ) .
it is claimed that no society can [remain/keep] high fertility in the face of two generations of mass education , and that had been achieved in much of western europe by the end of the nineteenth century ( caldwell 1982 ) .

Regional policies designed to promote employment sought to maintain population levels in the less prosperous areas by curbing voluntary out-migration .
regional policies designed to promote employment sought to [remain/keep] population levels in the less prosperous areas by curbing voluntary out-migration .

In that country they first appeared in the mid-thirteenth century , groups of men who , under the leadership of enterprising leaders , contracted ( hence the name condottiere which they were given ) with individual city states which lacked their own armies but had the funds necessary to pay them , to guard their territory and maintain a measure of order .
in that country they first appeared in the mid-thirteenth century , groups of men who , under the leadership of enterprising leaders , contracted ( hence the name condottiere which they were given ) with individual city states which lacked their own armies but had the funds necessary to pay them , to guard their territory and [remain/keep] a measure of order .

The vital role ( which contemporaries fully appreciated ) played by such relatively small ports as Le Crotoy , at the mouth of the river Somme , in the period 1420–50 , together with the fact that the ports of Dieppe and Harfleur were among the first places to be snatched from English control in 1435 ( leaving them with Cherbourg as the only port from which they could maintain regular links with England between 1435 and 1440 , a vital period in the military history of the occupation ) , shows how important the Burgundian connection was to both main protagonists as they struggled to acquire and maintain a measure of control over the sea .
the vital role ( which contemporaries fully appreciated ) played by such relatively small ports as le crotoy , at the mouth of the river somme , in the period 1420–50 , together with the fact that the ports of dieppe and harfleur were among the first places to be snatched from english control in 1435 ( leaving them with cherbourg as the only port from which they could [remain/keep] regular links with england between 1435 and 1440 , a vital period in the military history of the occupation ) , shows how important the burgundian connection was to both main protagonists as they struggled to acquire and [remain/keep] a measure of control over the sea .

The Uighurs are the predominant people in Xinjiang , where they maintain their own political leadership as well as their own language .
the uighurs are the predominant people in xinjiang , where they [remain/keep] their own political leadership as well as their own language .

The country houses of Goa still retain their Bohemian chandeliers and a mellow stateliness ( left ) , but since land reforms have had a crippling effect on incomes , they are difficult to maintain . Most of the Goan beaches , like the one below , are still uncontaminated by the spread of concrete
the country houses of goa still retain their bohemian chandeliers and a mellow stateliness ( left ) , but since land reforms have had a crippling effect on incomes , they are difficult to [remain/keep] . most of the goan beaches , like the one below , are still uncontaminated by the spread of concrete

Very occasionally it may be necessary , due to unforeseen circumstances , to change a hotel of some other part of your holiday arrangement after the holiday has commenced , in which event we will do our best to maintain the overall standard of the holiday arrangements .
very occasionally it may be necessary , due to unforeseen circumstances , to change a hotel of some other part of your holiday arrangement after the holiday has commenced , in which event we will do our best to [remain/keep] the overall standard of the holiday arrangements .

We shall endeavour to maintain prices shown but we reserve the right to increase any price shown at any time without limitation , in which case you will be advised of the revised price at the time of booking : after which the price will be in accordance with our price policy , shown in the Cosmos Consumer Protection Plan on pages 12/13 of this brochure .
we shall endeavour to [remain/keep] prices shown but we reserve the right to increase any price shown at any time without limitation , in which case you will be advised of the revised price at the time of booking : after which the price will be in accordance with our price policy , shown in the cosmos consumer protection plan on pages 12/13 of this brochure .

Stuart continued to maintain that their was best , being representative of the middle course .
stuart continued to [remain/keep] that their was best , being representative of the middle course .

It tends to depreciate the role of purpose and to maintain , explicitly or implicitly , that the function of thinking is to study a sequence of events which it is powerless to influence or to alter .
it tends to depreciate the role of purpose and to [remain/keep] , explicitly or implicitly , that the function of thinking is to study a sequence of events which it is powerless to influence or to alter .

Yet , according to Structuralists who adopt a historical approach , notably those associated with the world-system approach of Immanuel Wallerstein , the central feature of the international capitalist system has been its capacity to maintain patterns of economic domination .
yet , according to structuralists who adopt a historical approach , notably those associated with the world-system approach of immanuel wallerstein , the central feature of the international capitalist system has been its capacity to [remain/keep] patterns of economic domination .

The most ambitious suggestion will be that the units behave in a way functional for the system , as demonstrated by showing why the system could not otherwise maintain its impetus .
the most ambitious suggestion will be that the units behave in a way functional for the system , as demonstrated by showing why the system could not otherwise [remain/keep] its impetus .

But many find they help to maintain alertness and reduce headaches and eye strain from close work .
but many find they help to [remain/keep] alertness and reduce headaches and eye strain from close work .

Jesus was perceived — justifiably , we maintain — as a threat to Rome , and was executed as such .
jesus was perceived — justifiably , we [remain/keep] — as a threat to rome , and was executed as such .

Obviously , because the possession of heroin is illegal , users must maintain a low profile for fear of legal sanctions .
obviously , because the possession of heroin is illegal , users must [remain/keep] a low profile for fear of legal sanctions .

In Virginia , however , it seems that the very fact that parent and subsidiary maintain separate , even if wholly formal , corporate identities prevents service on the subsidiary amounting to good service on the parent .
in virginia , however , it seems that the very fact that parent and subsidiary [remain/keep] separate , even if wholly formal , corporate identities prevents service on the subsidiary amounting to good service on the parent .

That position had been urged in amicus briefs filed by the French Republic and ( less emphatically ) by the Federal Republic of Germany , although the petitioners who had taken this position in the lower courts did not maintain it in the Supreme Court .
that position had been urged in amicus briefs filed by the french republic and ( less emphatically ) by the federal republic of germany , although the petitioners who had taken this position in the lower courts did not [remain/keep] it in the supreme court .

The available evidence shows that those aged 65 + maintain extensive weekly contact with both their family and friends .
the available evidence shows that those aged 65 + [remain/keep] extensive weekly contact with both their family and friends .

These changes also reflect the increased ability of older people to financially maintain their own households after the children have left home and a very strong social desire by all age groups to be independent .
these changes also reflect the increased ability of older people to financially [remain/keep] their own households after the children have left home and a very strong social desire by all age groups to be independent .

This implies that social and behavioural factors explain the failure of men to survive to later life but biological factors then maintain the mortality advantage of women in later life .
this implies that social and behavioural factors explain the failure of men to survive to later life but biological factors then [remain/keep] the mortality advantage of women in later life .

Health behaviour is concerned with the strategies and responses to illness demonstrated by individuals as well as the activities undertaken to preserve , promote and maintain health .
health behaviour is concerned with the strategies and responses to illness demonstrated by individuals as well as the activities undertaken to preserve , promote and [remain/keep] health .

It is also suggested that , in the interests of health , we should maintain our weight within desirable limits .
it is also suggested that , in the interests of health , we should [remain/keep] our weight within desirable limits .

the primary objective of departmental policies … is to enable old people to maintain independent lives in the community for as long as possible .
the primary objective of departmental policies … is to enable old people to [remain/keep] independent lives in the community for as long as possible .

Overall these data indicate that the informal sector is the main provider of help to older people , especially with the personal and household tasks which are required to maintain them in the community .
overall these data indicate that the informal sector is the main provider of help to older people , especially with the personal and household tasks which are required to [remain/keep] them in the community .

There , we believe , are constructed fragments of society the reality of which is unquestioned by the children who are its constructors and who know how to maintain it .
there , we believe , are constructed fragments of society the reality of which is unquestioned by the children who are its constructors and who know how to [remain/keep] it .

They are the rules which enable members to choose between possible modes of conduct available to them and to maintain a sense of propriety and social legitimacy .
they are the rules which enable members to choose between possible modes of conduct available to them and to [remain/keep] a sense of propriety and social legitimacy .

By this time a fan will be working and will be getting too mature to maintain the style of dress and behaviour that membership of the Rowdies group requires .
by this time a fan will be working and will be getting too mature to [remain/keep] the style of dress and behaviour that membership of the rowdies group requires .

Their entry into the Town Boys appeared to rest not only on the fact that they had gained reputations but also on their ability to maintain such reputations in the absence of the symbolic dress and tokens of status which had assisted them in the past .
their entry into the town boys appeared to rest not only on the fact that they had gained reputations but also on their ability to [remain/keep] such reputations in the absence of the symbolic dress and tokens of status which had assisted them in the past .

An aggro leader , for example , needs a particular set of clothes in order to maintain his image .
an aggro leader , for example , needs a particular set of clothes in order to [remain/keep] his image .

The ability to become this smiling persona in public is helped by the nature of bulimia which is a disease where sufferers can maintain their normal body weight — unlike its sister illness , anorexia nervosa where you slim to skin and bone .
the ability to become this smiling persona in public is helped by the nature of bulimia which is a disease where sufferers can [remain/keep] their normal body weight — unlike its sister illness , anorexia nervosa where you slim to skin and bone .

Now , although the haven is badly silted , little fishing vessels and a handful of pleasure craft have moorings here and so maintain the ceaseless nautical atmosphere which Saltfleet has exuded throughout the centuries .
now , although the haven is badly silted , little fishing vessels and a handful of pleasure craft have moorings here and so [remain/keep] the ceaseless nautical atmosphere which saltfleet has exuded throughout the centuries .

We maintain a very high standard complemented by excellent service and hospitality .
we [remain/keep] a very high standard complemented by excellent service and hospitality .

This ‘ counter trend ’ , or , reregulation , is largely an attempt by governments to maintain the confidence of the investing public in the financial markets .
this ‘ counter trend ’ , or , reregulation , is largely an attempt by governments to [remain/keep] the confidence of the investing public in the financial markets .

the desire to maintain an unblemished reputation , to formal sanctions eg prosecution at law .
the desire to [remain/keep] an unblemished reputation , to formal sanctions eg prosecution at law .

In addition to the above reforms , the Stock Exchange adopted other measures in an attempt to maintain its international competitiveness .
in addition to the above reforms , the stock exchange adopted other measures in an attempt to [remain/keep] its international competitiveness .

They maintain that through insider dealing the firm can convey information it could not feasibly announce publicly because an announcement would : ( 1 ) destroy the value of the information , ( 2 ) be too expensive , ( 3 ) not be believable , and ( 4 ) ( owing to uncertainty of information ) expose the firm to liability because it was found after the fact to be incorrect .
they [remain/keep] that through insider dealing the firm can convey information it could not feasibly announce publicly because an announcement would : ( 1 ) destroy the value of the information , ( 2 ) be too expensive , ( 3 ) not be believable , and ( 4 ) ( owing to uncertainty of information ) expose the firm to liability because it was found after the fact to be incorrect .

… the communication in a commercial context of information which at the time is regarded by the giver and recognised by the recipient as confidential , and the nature of which has a material connection with the commercial interests of the party confiding that information , imposes on the recipient a fiduciary obligation to maintain that confidence thereafter unless the giver consents to relax it .
… the communication in a commercial context of information which at the time is regarded by the giver and recognised by the recipient as confidential , and the nature of which has a material connection with the commercial interests of the party confiding that information , imposes on the recipient a fiduciary obligation to [remain/keep] that confidence thereafter unless the giver consents to relax it .

( f ) Every registered broker or dealer shall establish , maintain , and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed , taking into consideration the nature of such broker 's or dealer 's business , to prevent the misuse in violation of this title , or the rules or regulations thereunder , of material , nonpublic information by such broker or dealer or any person associated with such broker or dealer .
( f ) every registered broker or dealer shall establish , [remain/keep] , and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed , taking into consideration the nature of such broker 's or dealer 's business , to prevent the misuse in violation of this title , or the rules or regulations thereunder , of material , nonpublic information by such broker or dealer or any person associated with such broker or dealer .

In the south Apulia and Calabria — the so called ‘ heel ’ and ‘ toe ’ — still maintain a rustic charm virtually unchanged through the centuries .
in the south apulia and calabria — the so called ‘ heel ’ and ‘ toe ’ — still [remain/keep] a rustic charm virtually unchanged through the centuries .

Bedrooms , all with balcony , maintain the charm and character of the old mansion but offer modern bathrooms and comfortable furnishings often with antiques .
bedrooms , all with balcony , [remain/keep] the charm and character of the old mansion but offer modern bathrooms and comfortable furnishings often with antiques .

The best way of doing this is to study the people who actively assemble and maintain the waiting lists .
the best way of doing this is to study the people who actively assemble and [remain/keep] the waiting lists .

In fact the present system of capitation payments and deprivation allowances is an incentive for London general practitioners to maintain a large list and do relatively little with it .
in fact the present system of capitation payments and deprivation allowances is an incentive for london general practitioners to [remain/keep] a large list and do relatively little with it .

Kay 's article also suggests , however , that it is now time to consider regulating the conduct of doctors who repeatedly fail to maintain adequate professional standards .
kay 's article also suggests , however , that it is now time to consider regulating the conduct of doctors who repeatedly fail to [remain/keep] adequate professional standards .

As to the conflict between consultants ' ethical and contractual obligations , it is surely the case that because of the vulnerability of patients , and to maintain patients ' trust , doctors must always put ethical considerations first .
as to the conflict between consultants ' ethical and contractual obligations , it is surely the case that because of the vulnerability of patients , and to [remain/keep] patients ' trust , doctors must always put ethical considerations first .

If Britain is to maintain its tradition of excellent clinical research adequate support must be provided for the clinical costs of research .
if britain is to [remain/keep] its tradition of excellent clinical research adequate support must be provided for the clinical costs of research .

For instance , if clitorectomy often known as female circumcision — is a ‘ moral ’ requirement to serve male interests , it is nevertheless women who carry out , maintain and insist upon the practice , and it is women who express their moral offence if it is not carried out .
for instance , if clitorectomy often known as female circumcision — is a ‘ moral ’ requirement to serve male interests , it is nevertheless women who carry out , [remain/keep] and insist upon the practice , and it is women who express their moral offence if it is not carried out .

Because of its far-reaching effects on individual women 's lives , however , it is difficult not to see it as , on the contrary , a potent example of the weakness of an orthodox relativist view — a view , that is , which attempts , incoherently , to maintain the equal validity of all moral perspectives .
because of its far-reaching effects on individual women 's lives , however , it is difficult not to see it as , on the contrary , a potent example of the weakness of an orthodox relativist view — a view , that is , which attempts , incoherently , to [remain/keep] the equal validity of all moral perspectives .

If you fancy an alternative to tiling to transform a jaded bathroom , Home Additions ' decorative cladding is easy to install and maintain .
if you fancy an alternative to tiling to transform a jaded bathroom , home additions ' decorative cladding is easy to install and [remain/keep] .

Tiles can make attractive window sills , and are very often easier to maintain than timber equivalents .
tiles can make attractive window sills , and are very often easier to [remain/keep] than timber equivalents .

Use all four terminals where two or more cables are present , to maintain the existing circuit and switch connections , and just three if there is only one cable .
use all four terminals where two or more cables are present , to [remain/keep] the existing circuit and switch connections , and just three if there is only one cable .

And now he 's back in one of the first ‘ recession vignette ’ commercials , selling all the directors ' company cars to maintain the work force 's wages .
and now he 's back in one of the first ‘ recession vignette ’ commercials , selling all the directors ' company cars to [remain/keep] the work force 's wages .

This view was confirmed by a single 27-year-old artist in a discussion group : ‘ You 'd have to know them fairly well to be able to maintain an image of them in your head .
this view was confirmed by a single 27-year-old artist in a discussion group : ‘ you 'd have to know them fairly well to be able to [remain/keep] an image of them in your head .

He had a reputation to maintain .
he had a reputation to [remain/keep] .

Governments had the obligation to maintain the par values of their currencies under the adjustable peg system , and the arrangements described in Section 8.2.1 indicate that the dollar was used primarily in this capacity .
governments had the obligation to [remain/keep] the par values of their currencies under the adjustable peg system , and the arrangements described in section 8.2.1 indicate that the dollar was used primarily in this capacity .

The existence of large and mobile capital flows makes it extremely difficult for national governments to overcome market pressure and maintain an exchange rate which is not compatible with general market sentiment .
the existence of large and mobile capital flows makes it extremely difficult for national governments to overcome market pressure and [remain/keep] an exchange rate which is not compatible with general market sentiment .

Since countries were obliged to maintain par values , it was possible for speculation to be carried out against the stronger and weaker currencies in the knowledge that the currencies concerned might be revalued or devalued respectively , but there was no danger of the strong currencies being devalued or the weak currency being revalued .
since countries were obliged to [remain/keep] par values , it was possible for speculation to be carried out against the stronger and weaker currencies in the knowledge that the currencies concerned might be revalued or devalued respectively , but there was no danger of the strong currencies being devalued or the weak currency being revalued .

Despite the adoption of floating exchange rates , within many European countries there has been a persistent desire to maintain some degree of exchange rate stability .
despite the adoption of floating exchange rates , within many european countries there has been a persistent desire to [remain/keep] some degree of exchange rate stability .

The coincidence of rising inflation and unemployment , in spite of Keynesian-type policies to maintain aggregate demand , cast doubt on the continued effectiveness of conventional economic policies during the 1970s .
the coincidence of rising inflation and unemployment , in spite of keynesian-type policies to [remain/keep] aggregate demand , cast doubt on the continued effectiveness of conventional economic policies during the 1970s .

On the whole socialist feminists were suspicious of allowances on the grounds that they would undermine male wage-bargaining and preferred to argue , like Ada Nield Chew , for services in kind to support mothers in the ‘ drudgery ’ of child care ; Fabian women preferred direct payment to mothers in order to maintain their economic independence from their husbands and free them from the need to take on paid work which would distract them from their primary task of mothering ( Alexander , 1979 ) .
on the whole socialist feminists were suspicious of allowances on the grounds that they would undermine male wage-bargaining and preferred to argue , like ada nield chew , for services in kind to support mothers in the ‘ drudgery ’ of child care ; fabian women preferred direct payment to mothers in order to [remain/keep] their economic independence from their husbands and free them from the need to take on paid work which would distract them from their primary task of mothering ( alexander , 1979 ) .

Of far greater importance is the argument in favour of child benefit as the most efficient way ( so far ) devised to maintain male work incentives .
of far greater importance is the argument in favour of child benefit as the most efficient way ( so far ) devised to [remain/keep] male work incentives .

It has taken present-day governments some time to understand that a universal benefit is a bulwark against the disincentive effects of a largely means-tested system , and that , given that the benefit is paid irrespective of whether the household head is in or out of work but is nevertheless deducted from supplementary benefit , it helps maintain a difference between income in paid work and income on the dole .
it has taken present-day governments some time to understand that a universal benefit is a bulwark against the disincentive effects of a largely means-tested system , and that , given that the benefit is paid irrespective of whether the household head is in or out of work but is nevertheless deducted from supplementary benefit , it helps [remain/keep] a difference between income in paid work and income on the dole .

The subsequent development of state contributory systems of income maintenance , although to some extent building on the systems of mutual support developed by some trade unions and friendly societies , which were informed by a collective ideology and em-bodied the concept of the right to support , has also been constrained by the desire to maintain male work incentives .
the subsequent development of state contributory systems of income maintenance , although to some extent building on the systems of mutual support developed by some trade unions and friendly societies , which were informed by a collective ideology and em-bodied the concept of the right to support , has also been constrained by the desire to [remain/keep] male work incentives .

The conditions under which women , particularly married women , acquire maintenance from the state are determined not by a desire to maintain their incentives to take waged work , but by a concern that they will continue their unwaged work for caring for their families .
the conditions under which women , particularly married women , acquire maintenance from the state are determined not by a desire to [remain/keep] their incentives to take waged work , but by a concern that they will continue their unwaged work for caring for their families .

Instead of taking account of and sharing variations in earnings and living standards between spouses , whatever the number of marriages , and then treating them as individuals , the British system as described above has preferred to recognise the work of caring for the young , the sick and the old by giving credits which maintain the care-taker 's entitlement to the basic state pension .
instead of taking account of and sharing variations in earnings and living standards between spouses , whatever the number of marriages , and then treating them as individuals , the british system as described above has preferred to recognise the work of caring for the young , the sick and the old by giving credits which [remain/keep] the care-taker 's entitlement to the basic state pension .

Arguments against it are many and convincing : it is wrong to require a woman to depend on a man , particularly when he has no legal or moral obligation to maintain her .
arguments against it are many and convincing : it is wrong to require a woman to depend on a man , particularly when he has no legal or moral obligation to [remain/keep] her .

Such an analysis suggests that house design is the fundamental determinant of social life ; while this , in itself , is a very difficult position to maintain , the argument is also fundamentally flawed on its own grounds since it fails to take account of who in the household actually does the work generated by the ‘ hobbies ’ . As Lee Davidoff reminds us :
such an analysis suggests that house design is the fundamental determinant of social life ; while this , in itself , is a very difficult position to [remain/keep] , the argument is also fundamentally flawed on its own grounds since it fails to take account of who in the household actually does the work generated by the ‘ hobbies ’ . as lee davidoff reminds us :

Why , then , have socialists , and the major parties on the left , tended to maintain an equivocal attitude towards owner-occupation , and why has the whole question of land and property nationalisation never been confronted head-on ?
why , then , have socialists , and the major parties on the left , tended to [remain/keep] an equivocal attitude towards owner-occupation , and why has the whole question of land and property nationalisation never been confronted head-on ?

For the more ideal and self-contained the housing conditions , the more self-sufficient the housewife becomes and the more pressure there is on her to maintain a perfect home .
for the more ideal and self-contained the housing conditions , the more self-sufficient the housewife becomes and the more pressure there is on her to [remain/keep] a perfect home .

Women are under more ideological pressure to maintain a perfect home in owner-occupied property , where standards are seen to be the individual responsibility of the owners , rather than being outside a tenant 's control as in rented property , although of course women in all forms of accommodation are subjected to these pressures .
women are under more ideological pressure to [remain/keep] a perfect home in owner-occupied property , where standards are seen to be the individual responsibility of the owners , rather than being outside a tenant 's control as in rented property , although of course women in all forms of accommodation are subjected to these pressures .

Most sociologists would wish to maintain that , while their social science does not meet the rigorous criteria of a natural science , in terms of the procedures used for verification of theoretical hypotheses there is some disciplined thinking and testing of ideas going on in sociology which does distinguish it from religious or mystical thinking .
most sociologists would wish to [remain/keep] that , while their social science does not meet the rigorous criteria of a natural science , in terms of the procedures used for verification of theoretical hypotheses there is some disciplined thinking and testing of ideas going on in sociology which does distinguish it from religious or mystical thinking .

Civilizations offer compensations to some for the renunciations needed to maintain the technical achievements , and the wealth .
civilizations offer compensations to some for the renunciations needed to [remain/keep] the technical achievements , and the wealth .

Freud assumed that the nervous system 's main task is to abolish stimuli and as far as possible ‘ maintain itself in an altogether unstimulated condition ’ .
freud assumed that the nervous system 's main task is to abolish stimuli and as far as possible ‘ [remain/keep] itself in an altogether unstimulated condition ’ .

The Sunday working at Sainsbury helped maintain the household 's income , she said .
the sunday working at sainsbury helped [remain/keep] the household 's income , she said .

The tension on the border encouraged both sides to maintain themselves in a state of armed readiness and this made conflict even more likely .
the tension on the border encouraged both sides to [remain/keep] themselves in a state of armed readiness and this made conflict even more likely .

In supporting the king 's right to Aquitaine , the nobility were seeking to maintain his honour and his inheritance , but they had no personal interests there to safeguard .
in supporting the king 's right to aquitaine , the nobility were seeking to [remain/keep] his honour and his inheritance , but they had no personal interests there to safeguard .

The difficulties the administration encountered in enforcing the collection of taxes made it impossible for it to maintain a flow of funds to the king in Flanders , and Edward was now suffering the severest financial embarrassment .
the difficulties the administration encountered in enforcing the collection of taxes made it impossible for it to [remain/keep] a flow of funds to the king in flanders , and edward was now suffering the severest financial embarrassment .

The frequency with which campaigns were organized in the 1340s , 1350s and 1370s and the need to provide substantial forces for the defence of English-held castles and towns encouraged the nobility to maintain permanent forces which might be augmented by the use of sub-contractors when necessary .
the frequency with which campaigns were organized in the 1340s , 1350s and 1370s and the need to provide substantial forces for the defence of english-held castles and towns encouraged the nobility to [remain/keep] permanent forces which might be augmented by the use of sub-contractors when necessary .

After the fall of Calais , when war ceased for some years , the king had to persuade the commons that direct taxes should continue in order to finance the defence of English positions abroad , notably Calais itself , and to maintain English forces in a state of readiness in case the enemy broke the truce and resumed the war .
after the fall of calais , when war ceased for some years , the king had to persuade the commons that direct taxes should continue in order to finance the defence of english positions abroad , notably calais itself , and to [remain/keep] english forces in a state of readiness in case the enemy broke the truce and resumed the war .

This process , which became known as impeachment , seems to have arisen by accident when de la Mare declared that he and his colleagues would maintain their charges in common .
this process , which became known as impeachment , seems to have arisen by accident when de la mare declared that he and his colleagues would [remain/keep] their charges in common .

English Heritage will continue to maintain other historic buildings in the north and mid Essex area .
english heritage will continue to [remain/keep] other historic buildings in the north and mid essex area .

It will be irresponsible to allow this to happen and therefore the company will maintain normal port services irrespective of any union ballot .
it will be irresponsible to allow this to happen and therefore the company will [remain/keep] normal port services irrespective of any union ballot .

Most of us probably think that the dole is what you live on when you 're unemployed , a statutory right which was brought in to bury the hated means test of the 1930s However , when the modern national insurance system was introduced in 1948 unemployment benefit was still not expected to be sufficient to maintain a wageless man with wife and children ; it was an arbitrary figure which could be topped up .
most of us probably think that the dole is what you live on when you 're unemployed , a statutory right which was brought in to bury the hated means test of the 1930s however , when the modern national insurance system was introduced in 1948 unemployment benefit was still not expected to be sufficient to [remain/keep] a wageless man with wife and children ; it was an arbitrary figure which could be topped up .

You should enter the name of each of your students when the first test is received and maintain an ongoing record of the following information in respect of each test : —
you should enter the name of each of your students when the first test is received and [remain/keep] an ongoing record of the following information in respect of each test : —

To maintain a healthy working environment for all employees .
to [remain/keep] a healthy working environment for all employees .

We care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to maintain as high standards as possible .
we care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to [remain/keep] as high standards as possible .

We care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to maintain as high standards as possible .
we care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to [remain/keep] as high standards as possible .

The Policyholder shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard from loss or damage and maintain in efficient condition any Caravan described in the Schedule and the Corporation shall have at all times free access to examine such Caravan .
the policyholder shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard from loss or damage and [remain/keep] in efficient condition any caravan described in the schedule and the corporation shall have at all times free access to examine such caravan .

make every effort to maintain as high standards as possible .
make every effort to [remain/keep] as high standards as possible .

We care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to maintain as high standards as possible .
we care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to [remain/keep] as high standards as possible .

make every effort to maintain as high standards as possible .
make every effort to [remain/keep] as high standards as possible .

We care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to maintain as high standards as possible .
we care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to [remain/keep] as high standards as possible .

We care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to maintain as high standards as possible .
we care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to [remain/keep] as high standards as possible .

The Policyholder shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard from loss or damage and maintain in efficient condition any motor car described in the Schedule and the Corporation shall have at all times free access to examine such motor car .
the policyholder shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard from loss or damage and [remain/keep] in efficient condition any motor car described in the schedule and the corporation shall have at all times free access to examine such motor car .

We care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to maintain as high standards as possible .
we care about the service that we provide for our customers and our staff make every effort to [remain/keep] as high standards as possible .

To maintain the high educational standards necessary for the exercise of the profession and to promote research and extension of relevant knowledge .
to [remain/keep] the high educational standards necessary for the exercise of the profession and to promote research and extension of relevant knowledge .

He therefore had a lively sense of what the Library 's readers expect and require , and of the scholarly standards that the Library must maintain .
he therefore had a lively sense of what the library 's readers expect and require , and of the scholarly standards that the library must [remain/keep] .

This confirms that past preservation policy has been relatively successful , but also shows a continuing need to maintain such a programme .
this confirms that past preservation policy has been relatively successful , but also shows a continuing need to [remain/keep] such a programme .

Despite the likely continuance of a difficult climate for the current year , the Board is confident that the Group will maintain progress through implementation of measures , as in 1992 , which increase the competitiveness of our business and in this way translate into higher operating margins .
despite the likely continuance of a difficult climate for the current year , the board is confident that the group will [remain/keep] progress through implementation of measures , as in 1992 , which increase the competitiveness of our business and in this way translate into higher operating margins .

Our commitment to improving the environment and helping to maintain it for future generations can be summarised by these ‘ Green Rules ’
our commitment to improving the environment and helping to [remain/keep] it for future generations can be summarised by these ‘ green rules ’

He will advise management on such issues , and maintain the Environmental Department in order to monitor and record compliance with the Group 's Environmental policy objectives .
he will advise management on such issues , and [remain/keep] the environmental department in order to monitor and record compliance with the group 's environmental policy objectives .

We presently enjoy good professional working relationships with the various authorities and bodies responsible for enforcing the legislation and aim to maintain and where possible improve these .
we presently enjoy good professional working relationships with the various authorities and bodies responsible for enforcing the legislation and aim to [remain/keep] and where possible improve these .

Noise and Other Statutory Nuisances We have had a good relationship with our neighbours in the past and will endeavour to continue to maintain these .
noise and other statutory nuisances we have had a good relationship with our neighbours in the past and will endeavour to continue to [remain/keep] these .

The new module covers the basic skills and knowledge required to build , maintain , and repair drystone dykes .
the new module covers the basic skills and knowledge required to build , [remain/keep] , and repair drystone dykes .

Thirdly , the document will provide employees with the opportunity to come forward for help in the knowledge that they will be positively supported with the advice and necessary assistance , in order to overcome their problem and maintain their job security .
thirdly , the document will provide employees with the opportunity to come forward for help in the knowledge that they will be positively supported with the advice and necessary assistance , in order to overcome their problem and [remain/keep] their job security .

The food and catering industries are currently under great pressure to maintain satisfactory standards of hygiene as cases of food poisoning and restaurant prosecutions increase .
the food and catering industries are currently under great pressure to [remain/keep] satisfactory standards of hygiene as cases of food poisoning and restaurant prosecutions increase .

To obtain and retain a certificate , an actuary will now have to meet specialist requirements including relevant experience and to maintain a programme of regular professional education .
to obtain and retain a certificate , an actuary will now have to meet specialist requirements including relevant experience and to [remain/keep] a programme of regular professional education .

despite no implied obligation on a landlord to maintain land over which a right of way had been given to a third party there was an obligation in the case where use of property would be impossible in the absence or without that obligation .
despite no implied obligation on a landlord to [remain/keep] land over which a right of way had been given to a third party there was an obligation in the case where use of property would be impossible in the absence or without that obligation .

the obligation of adopted parents to maintain a child can affect the quantification of damages .
the obligation of adopted parents to [remain/keep] a child can affect the quantification of damages .

Wear and tear and depreciation should also be deducted — very few items maintain their value — some such as jewellery increase in value .
wear and tear and depreciation should also be deducted — very few items [remain/keep] their value — some such as jewellery increase in value .

On the other hand , pursuers ' agents will doubtless maintain that any pursuer who faces the prospect of osteo-arthritis in an injured joint , or degeneration in a back complaint faces serious deterioration and is entitled to take advantage of the provisional damages scheme .
on the other hand , pursuers ' agents will doubtless [remain/keep] that any pursuer who faces the prospect of osteo-arthritis in an injured joint , or degeneration in a back complaint faces serious deterioration and is entitled to take advantage of the provisional damages scheme .

It is a condition of this cover that you maintain a record of meter readings and that you report any unusual fluctuations to the Water Authority and to us .
it is a condition of this cover that you [remain/keep] a record of meter readings and that you report any unusual fluctuations to the water authority and to us .

Banks have responsibilities to the society from which the profits are generated , such as a responsibility to create employment , or at the very least , to maintain employment .
banks have responsibilities to the society from which the profits are generated , such as a responsibility to create employment , or at the very least , to [remain/keep] employment .

The objective is to maintain the level and quality of services provided to the profession , whilst reviewing the level and cost of resources used to ensure , as far as possible , that they are appropriate and cost effective .
the objective is to [remain/keep] the level and quality of services provided to the profession , whilst reviewing the level and cost of resources used to ensure , as far as possible , that they are appropriate and cost effective .

• maintain high quality services on a cost effective basis ;
• [remain/keep] high quality services on a cost effective basis ;

They have worked extremely hard to maintain the service to the customer but more and more problems are now emerging .
they have worked extremely hard to [remain/keep] the service to the customer but more and more problems are now emerging .

To provide a board of directors with reassurances that its management information systems and internal control systems are sufficiently reliable and relevant each company should establish and maintain a strong internal audit function under the direction of a chief internal auditor .
to provide a board of directors with reassurances that its management information systems and internal control systems are sufficiently reliable and relevant each company should establish and [remain/keep] a strong internal audit function under the direction of a chief internal auditor .

‘ With a strong market leadership position , ’ said Lockett , ‘ we must do as much as we can to maintain it and client care is the most important element of our success .
‘ with a strong market leadership position , ’ said lockett , ‘ we must do as much as we can to [remain/keep] it and client care is the most important element of our success .

While Bob Payton was the creative genius that brought the My Kinda Town style to Europe , Peter Webber believes that his contribution has been to maintain it .
while bob payton was the creative genius that brought the my kinda town style to europe , peter webber believes that his contribution has been to [remain/keep] it .

Nevertheless , he is determined to maintain standards .
nevertheless , he is determined to [remain/keep] standards .

‘ The trick has been to maintain added value and justify those loans , ’ he says .
‘ the trick has been to [remain/keep] added value and justify those loans , ’ he says .

The School has taken a number of steps to maintain these numbers by continual monitoring and updating the programmes it offers ; the Financial Studies degrees have recently been re-structured to make them more attractive to students wishing to enter the financial services industry ; Mathematics continues to expand the portfolio of the degree combination it offers .
the school has taken a number of steps to [remain/keep] these numbers by continual monitoring and updating the programmes it offers ; the financial studies degrees have recently been re-structured to make them more attractive to students wishing to enter the financial services industry ; mathematics continues to expand the portfolio of the degree combination it offers .

This trust will maintain control over the investment and bonus strategy of the with-profits business .
this trust will [remain/keep] control over the investment and bonus strategy of the with-profits business .

The first edition , produced last March , contained 11 opportunities generating 15 enquiries — ‘ which may not seem a lot but in the context of the Scottish market , and the quality criteria we imposed , is impressive ’ — and with second going out to intermediaries — ‘ apart from not being allowed under the Financial Services Act to sent it out to the business community generally , we want to maintain the quality of submissions received ’ — in the last fortnight , Hally sees no reason for second thoughts .
the first edition , produced last march , contained 11 opportunities generating 15 enquiries — ‘ which may not seem a lot but in the context of the scottish market , and the quality criteria we imposed , is impressive ’ — and with second going out to intermediaries — ‘ apart from not being allowed under the financial services act to sent it out to the business community generally , we want to [remain/keep] the quality of submissions received ’ — in the last fortnight , hally sees no reason for second thoughts .

The new angle is sitting in front of a client who specifies we maintain six choices right to the end of service .
the new angle is sitting in front of a client who specifies we [remain/keep] six choices right to the end of service .

The requirement for you to maintain a high standard of conduct also extends to your out-of-work activities .
the requirement for you to [remain/keep] a high standard of conduct also extends to your out-of-work activities .

They have guaranteed to maintain confidentiality ( they do not keep names and addresses ) but perhaps the safest way to do this is to edit the material to be given by your department or exclude any material that is remotely confidential .
they have guaranteed to [remain/keep] confidentiality ( they do not keep names and addresses ) but perhaps the safest way to do this is to edit the material to be given by your department or exclude any material that is remotely confidential .

The balance key must be used to maintain accuracy and if at any time this can not be done with the key , the matter should be reported immediately to your superior .
the balance key must be used to [remain/keep] accuracy and if at any time this can not be done with the key , the matter should be reported immediately to your superior .

The development of NVQs and SVQs is underpinned by the assumption that in order for Britain to maintain and enhance its economic position in an increasingly competitive market it requires a more qualified , skilled , flexible and adaptable workforce capable of acquiring the competences to cope with changing technology and methods of work .
the development of nvqs and svqs is underpinned by the assumption that in order for britain to [remain/keep] and enhance its economic position in an increasingly competitive market it requires a more qualified , skilled , flexible and adaptable workforce capable of acquiring the competences to cope with changing technology and methods of work .

‘ Its own nature , the fall from grace , the eating of the fruit of the knowledge of good and evil ? Whatever interpretation you put on it we are trying to maintain progress , ’ Blake continued .
‘ its own nature , the fall from grace , the eating of the fruit of the knowledge of good and evil ? whatever interpretation you put on it we are trying to [remain/keep] progress , ’ blake continued .

In addition to the department itself , there are several other departments and research centres in the University with which we maintain active links .
in addition to the department itself , there are several other departments and research centres in the university with which we [remain/keep] active links .

Through the Standing Committee on Library Materials on Africa , the library additionally has an obligation to maintain collections on Zambia and Malawi .
through the standing committee on library materials on africa , the library additionally has an obligation to [remain/keep] collections on zambia and malawi .

So far he had been able to maintain a claim to even-handedness on the grounds that he treated both sides , Moslems and Copt , with equal severity .
so far he had been able to [remain/keep] a claim to even-handedness on the grounds that he treated both sides , moslems and copt , with equal severity .

The Chief Officer needed to contribute to this work and to help the Council maintain the influence in higher education it had developed in the previous six years , and to develop public awareness of the Council 's aims and activities .
the chief officer needed to contribute to this work and to help the council [remain/keep] the influence in higher education it had developed in the previous six years , and to develop public awareness of the council 's aims and activities .

As we saw , this is the result of the fact that in human beings clearly-focused , specific sexual instincts have undergone a process of diffusion , displacement and generalization and have become associated rather more widely with the body and mind than may be true of other animals in whom these instincts still maintain a narrow and specialized role solely adapted to reproduction .
as we saw , this is the result of the fact that in human beings clearly-focused , specific sexual instincts have undergone a process of diffusion , displacement and generalization and have become associated rather more widely with the body and mind than may be true of other animals in whom these instincts still [remain/keep] a narrow and specialized role solely adapted to reproduction .

There is determination to maintain strong links with other countries through a thriving International Office and as a result it plays a leading and responsible role in the global community .
there is determination to [remain/keep] strong links with other countries through a thriving international office and as a result it plays a leading and responsible role in the global community .

Continuity is obviously important in foreign language study , and students are encouraged , in the time between school and university , to maintain a high level of contact with French in any way open to them ( newspapers , magazines , books , radio , television , films , visits etc . )
continuity is obviously important in foreign language study , and students are encouraged , in the time between school and university , to [remain/keep] a high level of contact with french in any way open to them ( newspapers , magazines , books , radio , television , films , visits etc . )

At one level physiologists study how cells maintain their integrity and respond to stimuli and changes in their environment .
at one level physiologists study how cells [remain/keep] their integrity and respond to stimuli and changes in their environment .

The content and style of these honours degrees result from a recent restructuring to maintain their compatability with the wide range of career areas open to physics graduates .
the content and style of these honours degrees result from a recent restructuring to [remain/keep] their compatability with the wide range of career areas open to physics graduates .

The ‘ peak ’ organizations of business and labour are granted a special consultative status in return for their co-operation ( Schmitter 1979 ) Some corporatists maintain that within a capitalist economy such negotiations must be to the advantage of monopoly capital , since labour forgoes its local , workplace autonomy in favour of its corporate leadership .
the ‘ peak ’ organizations of business and labour are granted a special consultative status in return for their co-operation ( schmitter 1979 ) some corporatists [remain/keep] that within a capitalist economy such negotiations must be to the advantage of monopoly capital , since labour forgoes its local , workplace autonomy in favour of its corporate leadership .

While some pluralists , notably Almond ( 1983 ) , Jordan ( 1983 ) and Martin ( 1983 ) , argue that what is described as ‘ corporatism ’ could equally well be contained within a pluralist conception of the state , theorists of corporatism maintain that there is a substantive difference between the two socio-political systems :
while some pluralists , notably almond ( 1983 ) , jordan ( 1983 ) and martin ( 1983 ) , argue that what is described as ‘ corporatism ’ could equally well be contained within a pluralist conception of the state , theorists of corporatism [remain/keep] that there is a substantive difference between the two socio-political systems :

The task of bureaucracy was precisely to maintain a system of social relations which consolidate class domination .
the task of bureaucracy was precisely to [remain/keep] a system of social relations which consolidate class domination .

To maintain itself , a bureaucracy needs control over the recruitment of personnel .
to [remain/keep] itself , a bureaucracy needs control over the recruitment of personnel .

The first is to maintain or create conditions under which profitable capital accumulation is possible .
the first is to [remain/keep] or create conditions under which profitable capital accumulation is possible .

The second function is legitimization which involves expenditure by the state on social expenses , or projects and services required to maintain social harmony ( e.g .
the second function is legitimization which involves expenditure by the state on social expenses , or projects and services required to [remain/keep] social harmony ( e.g .

Absolutism was required by the ruling class in order to maintain its domination during the spread of commodity production and exchange and the consequent transition in the social formation .
absolutism was required by the ruling class in order to [remain/keep] its domination during the spread of commodity production and exchange and the consequent transition in the social formation .

The absolutist state was necessary to maintain control of a peasantry freed from the politico-legal coercion of feudalism by the commutation of dues into money rents .
the absolutist state was necessary to [remain/keep] control of a peasantry freed from the politico-legal coercion of feudalism by the commutation of dues into money rents .

The final characteristic of a class is an ability to maintain its exclusiveness in the face of social mobility .
the final characteristic of a class is an ability to [remain/keep] its exclusiveness in the face of social mobility .

They are also the most difficult things to maintain in any society ( Deutsher 1969 ) .
they are also the most difficult things to [remain/keep] in any society ( deutsher 1969 ) .

It controlled the means of repression and used them to maintain its dominance in conflicts with weak indigenous classes , namely the aristocracy and traders .
it controlled the means of repression and used them to [remain/keep] its dominance in conflicts with weak indigenous classes , namely the aristocracy and traders .

Other characteristics of class have been noted : disproportionate recruitment into the bureaucracy from the offspring of bureaucrats ; a distinctive subculture by monopolization of access to Western education ; the relative wealth and privileges separating the bureaucratic stratum from the rest of society , and control of the means of repression to maintain the bureaucracy 's dominance .
other characteristics of class have been noted : disproportionate recruitment into the bureaucracy from the offspring of bureaucrats ; a distinctive subculture by monopolization of access to western education ; the relative wealth and privileges separating the bureaucratic stratum from the rest of society , and control of the means of repression to [remain/keep] the bureaucracy 's dominance .

Their political interests in maintaining and extending their social position and power depend on a stable regime which they help maintain through repression , through the manipulation of potential dissenting groups and through maintaining the loyalty of other powerful social classes who have a conflicting interest in the distribution of state income ( Ziemann and Lanzendorfer 1977 ) .
their political interests in maintaining and extending their social position and power depend on a stable regime which they help [remain/keep] through repression , through the manipulation of potential dissenting groups and through maintaining the loyalty of other powerful social classes who have a conflicting interest in the distribution of state income ( ziemann and lanzendorfer 1977 ) .

As people get older , their bodies often become less able to maintain a constant temperature , and at the same time grow less sensitive to changes in external temperature .
as people get older , their bodies often become less able to [remain/keep] a constant temperature , and at the same time grow less sensitive to changes in external temperature .

Government actions may be responsive mainly to the interests of the capitalist class or the interests of a political class dependent on popular or sectional support to maintain its position of power .
government actions may be responsive mainly to the interests of the capitalist class or the interests of a political class dependent on popular or sectional support to [remain/keep] its position of power .

This conceptual inflation tends to reduce the effectiveness of the idea by playing into the hands of critics who maintain that the concept of dependency is unviable because it closes off the theoretical space for explaining growth and development , however limited , where it does occur .
this conceptual inflation tends to reduce the effectiveness of the idea by playing into the hands of critics who [remain/keep] that the concept of dependency is unviable because it closes off the theoretical space for explaining growth and development , however limited , where it does occur .

So , where neo-Marxists argue that the revolutionary forces in the Third World need not wait for Western-style capitalism in order to produce successful communist revolution , mode of production theorists maintain the orthodox Marxist thesis that communism can only come about when the organized working class , the proletariat , destroys the class power of the bourgeoisie through an anti-capitalist revolution .
so , where neo-marxists argue that the revolutionary forces in the third world need not wait for western-style capitalism in order to produce successful communist revolution , mode of production theorists [remain/keep] the orthodox marxist thesis that communism can only come about when the organized working class , the proletariat , destroys the class power of the bourgeoisie through an anti-capitalist revolution .

All patients in the study received the following treatment : ranitidine 50 mg intraveneously three times per day , volume replacement with intravenous fluids , and blood to maintain packed cell volume above 28 % .
all patients in the study received the following treatment : ranitidine 50 mg intraveneously three times per day , volume replacement with intravenous fluids , and blood to [remain/keep] packed cell volume above 28 % .

Continued haemorrhage — ( a ) if the volume of intravenous fluids required to restore or maintain haemodynamic stability was greater than 1000 ml/hour or 3000 ml/12 hours , ( b ) fresh haematemesis and , ( c ) haematemesis or melaenas in association with a fall in packed cell volume greater than 5% in a 24 hour period , two days after admission .
continued haemorrhage — ( a ) if the volume of intravenous fluids required to restore or [remain/keep] haemodynamic stability was greater than 1000 ml/hour or 3000 ml/12 hours , ( b ) fresh haematemesis and , ( c ) haematemesis or melaenas in association with a fall in packed cell volume greater than 5% in a 24 hour period , two days after admission .

Gloucester was simply not sufficiently involved in the region to maintain a large-scale connection against competition from local lords .
gloucester was simply not sufficiently involved in the region to [remain/keep] a large-scale connection against competition from local lords .

The underlying message of the weapons , that the Woodvilles , by planning a resort to force , threatened the political stability which the council had been struggling to maintain , may , however , have been more persuasive .
the underlying message of the weapons , that the woodvilles , by planning a resort to force , threatened the political stability which the council had been struggling to [remain/keep] , may , however , have been more persuasive .

Intraperitoneal bile leakage only occurred early in the study , when it was our policy to spigot the drainage catheter after 48 hours , rather than maintain free drainage until a tract to the skin had formed .
intraperitoneal bile leakage only occurred early in the study , when it was our policy to spigot the drainage catheter after 48 hours , rather than [remain/keep] free drainage until a tract to the skin had formed .

The cholinergic agonist carbachol was infused intra-arterially at a final concentration of 0.1 µmol/l to maintain consistent motor activity .
the cholinergic agonist carbachol was infused intra-arterially at a final concentration of 0.1 µmol/l to [remain/keep] consistent motor activity .

Thirty two patients with active Crohn 's disease were included in a controlled randomised trial to determine the efficacy and safety of polymeric enteral nutrition compared with steroids , to achieve and maintain clinical remission .
thirty two patients with active crohn 's disease were included in a controlled randomised trial to determine the efficacy and safety of polymeric enteral nutrition compared with steroids , to achieve and [remain/keep] clinical remission .

Failure to maintain prolonged voluntary anal contraction seems to be critical in our patients .
failure to [remain/keep] prolonged voluntary anal contraction seems to be critical in our patients .

The oesophageal stem cells in the proliferative zone , as a rule , proliferate more slowly and do not migrate to maintain their ‘ niche ’ in the epithelial/ mesenchyme interface whereas their progeny ( the transit amplifying cells ) divide and migrate sideways , upwards and , during inflammation , probably downwards also into deeper layers .
the oesophageal stem cells in the proliferative zone , as a rule , proliferate more slowly and do not migrate to [remain/keep] their ‘ niche ’ in the epithelial/ mesenchyme interface whereas their progeny ( the transit amplifying cells ) divide and migrate sideways , upwards and , during inflammation , probably downwards also into deeper layers .

Henley continues to maintain links with those Management Colleges it helped to establish in Australia , Bangladesh , India , Nepal , New Zealand , Nigeria , Pakistan , Ghana and the Philippines as well as advising colleges in Eastern and Central Europe .
henley continues to [remain/keep] links with those management colleges it helped to establish in australia , bangladesh , india , nepal , new zealand , nigeria , pakistan , ghana and the philippines as well as advising colleges in eastern and central europe .

Despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the King who could grant pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .
despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to [remain/keep] an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the king who could grant pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .

William Grindcob at St Albans and Geoffrey Litster in East Norfolk were local leaders as able and articulate as Tyler in Kent and London , and all seem to have had a capacity to maintain discipline .
william grindcob at st albans and geoffrey litster in east norfolk were local leaders as able and articulate as tyler in kent and london , and all seem to have had a capacity to [remain/keep] discipline .

It was probably because of the greater financial power which it offered them that the lords tried , where possible , to maintain servile obligations on their tenants ( 79 , pp.48–55 ) .
it was probably because of the greater financial power which it offered them that the lords tried , where possible , to [remain/keep] servile obligations on their tenants ( 79 , pp.48–55 ) .

As a leader , Cade was able to maintain discipline among his men , at least until they reached London , and his success in defeating the force sent against him argues that he possessed some military capacity .
as a leader , cade was able to [remain/keep] discipline among his men , at least until they reached london , and his success in defeating the force sent against him argues that he possessed some military capacity .

Studies of individual towns suggest that they were severely hit , that properties were deserted and that in some cases parishes had to be united , as the existing ones were too poor to maintain the services of the Church ( 77 , pp.286–8 ) .
studies of individual towns suggest that they were severely hit , that properties were deserted and that in some cases parishes had to be united , as the existing ones were too poor to [remain/keep] the services of the church ( 77 , pp.286–8 ) .

Many towns had to rely on immigration from the country to maintain even a reduced level of population , and the easing of pressure of population on the land in the country reduced the urge on men to move , although as we have seen in our examination of rural society men did continue to leave the land to escape the burdens of serfdom ( 70 ; 104 , pp.206–10 ; Ch.4 ) .
many towns had to rely on immigration from the country to [remain/keep] even a reduced level of population , and the easing of pressure of population on the land in the country reduced the urge on men to move , although as we have seen in our examination of rural society men did continue to leave the land to escape the burdens of serfdom ( 70 ; 104 , pp.206–10 ; ch.4 ) .

Until 1381 the greater merchants contrived to maintain their influence in the court of aldermen , but after the Peasants ' Revolt Northampton was able to capture the mayoralty , and may have exploited the fears aroused by this disorder to try to inculpate his opponents .
until 1381 the greater merchants contrived to [remain/keep] their influence in the court of aldermen , but after the peasants ' revolt northampton was able to capture the mayoralty , and may have exploited the fears aroused by this disorder to try to inculpate his opponents .

Cognitive disturbances may play a predisposing part and may also maintain the disorder once it has been initiated .
cognitive disturbances may play a predisposing part and may also [remain/keep] the disorder once it has been initiated .

There are also psychological , interpersonal , and cultural factors that can maintain the disorder .
there are also psychological , interpersonal , and cultural factors that can [remain/keep] the disorder .

Rowntree saw the minimum acceptable as that sufficient to maintain physical efficiency .
rowntree saw the minimum acceptable as that sufficient to [remain/keep] physical efficiency .

Ekelund and Tollison ( 1986 ) and Lewin ( 1988 ) note that the Austrian school ( associated in particular with Hayek ) see the macro consequences as being the result of microeconomic-motivated actions and some macro actions finding their impact at the micro level ; for example , industrial , regional and other policies often adopt subsidies to maintain an output and employment target ( see chapter 5 ) in a particular industry .
ekelund and tollison ( 1986 ) and lewin ( 1988 ) note that the austrian school ( associated in particular with hayek ) see the macro consequences as being the result of microeconomic-motivated actions and some macro actions finding their impact at the micro level ; for example , industrial , regional and other policies often adopt subsidies to [remain/keep] an output and employment target ( see chapter 5 ) in a particular industry .

, ‘ seeker after truth ’ , must maintain a strict regimen .
, ‘ seeker after truth ’ , must [remain/keep] a strict regimen .

The Irish maintain that there exists , somewhere upon the planet , a treasure trove of Croesusian magnitude , where these gold and silver fellows hobnob with single earrings beyond number and a million gemstones from engagement rings .
the irish [remain/keep] that there exists , somewhere upon the planet , a treasure trove of croesusian magnitude , where these gold and silver fellows hobnob with single earrings beyond number and a million gemstones from engagement rings .

In order to maintain the integrity of the offlined files , each file is verified at a rate determined for a particular installation . Obviously , a very high verification rate ( for example , every week ) is likely to result in :
in order to [remain/keep] the integrity of the offlined files , each file is verified at a rate determined for a particular installation . obviously , a very high verification rate ( for example , every week ) is likely to result in :

Maintain specified relationships between items of software and ensure that required software is not inadvertently deleted .
[remain/keep] specified relationships between items of software and ensure that required software is not inadvertently deleted .

This is a shame , for although he 's admittedly playing to a club audience , you do n't have to suppress the songs to maintain the groove — and the doctor has proved with ‘ Killer ’ and tonight 's storming version of ‘ Flashback Jack ’ , that he has some potent stimulants in his black bag .
this is a shame , for although he 's admittedly playing to a club audience , you do n't have to suppress the songs to [remain/keep] the groove — and the doctor has proved with ‘ killer ’ and tonight 's storming version of ‘ flashback jack ’ , that he has some potent stimulants in his black bag .

To a much lesser extent other towns also depended upon an inflow of migrants to maintain their numbers .
to a much lesser extent other towns also depended upon an inflow of migrants to [remain/keep] their numbers .

Younger sons did not at this time seek to maintain their gentility by going into the church or the army or by living off an annuity that allowed them to pass their time in respectable ease .
younger sons did not at this time seek to [remain/keep] their gentility by going into the church or the army or by living off an annuity that allowed them to pass their time in respectable ease .

During the life-cycle of the family it was easier to maintain a home ashore at some times than at others .
during the life-cycle of the family it was easier to [remain/keep] a home ashore at some times than at others .

Companies responsible for its prospects have gone out of business seven times , discovering that while they could make money on the big promotions , the building and park were too expensive to run on a tickover basis ( nowadays the park alone costs £650,000 a year to maintain ) , and in an earlier era of six-day working weeks , the public had not much leisure time to spend there anyway .
companies responsible for its prospects have gone out of business seven times , discovering that while they could make money on the big promotions , the building and park were too expensive to run on a tickover basis ( nowadays the park alone costs £650,000 a year to [remain/keep] ) , and in an earlier era of six-day working weeks , the public had not much leisure time to spend there anyway .

Water imparts turgor to cells and tissues and so helps to maintain the shape of an organism .
water imparts turgor to cells and tissues and so helps to [remain/keep] the shape of an organism .

The Popular Front government found it more and more difficult to maintain its legitimacy .
the popular front government found it more and more difficult to [remain/keep] its legitimacy .

Hitler and Mussolini manipulated social policy to maintain their power , using social reform as a way of controlling society and creating a totalitarian basis of support .
hitler and mussolini manipulated social policy to [remain/keep] their power , using social reform as a way of controlling society and creating a totalitarian basis of support .

Russia 's desire to maintain her status as a great power demanded a program of modernisation and rearmament .
russia 's desire to [remain/keep] her status as a great power demanded a program of modernisation and rearmament .

However , Trotsky also had to affirm that although the Russian proletariat in power could win the support of the peasantry by appropriate measures , it would be unable to maintain itself in power or pass over to a socialist regime in Russia ‘ without the direct state support of the European proletariat ’ .
however , trotsky also had to affirm that although the russian proletariat in power could win the support of the peasantry by appropriate measures , it would be unable to [remain/keep] itself in power or pass over to a socialist regime in russia ‘ without the direct state support of the european proletariat ’ .

Further regular meetings are intended so as to maintain the vital liaison between the carpet industry , Parliament and government , and to enable carpet manufacturers to voice their concern .
further regular meetings are intended so as to [remain/keep] the vital liaison between the carpet industry , parliament and government , and to enable carpet manufacturers to voice their concern .

To maintain her control she mercilessly orders her servants about — This power is also exercised by the young girl France .
to [remain/keep] her control she mercilessly orders her servants about — this power is also exercised by the young girl france .

There are many young women and men in the Black movement who claim that the practice should go on in order to maintain African-traditions .
there are many young women and men in the black movement who claim that the practice should go on in order to [remain/keep] african-traditions .

During the excisions the glands in the vagina walls that secrete the fluids which maintain the vagina 's natural moisture balance is destroyed .
during the excisions the glands in the vagina walls that secrete the fluids which [remain/keep] the vagina 's natural moisture balance is destroyed .

What is certainly important is that we maintain the support of our investors ( who in fact own the company ) and satisfy them that their investment objectives are being , or will be , achieved .
what is certainly important is that we [remain/keep] the support of our investors ( who in fact own the company ) and satisfy them that their investment objectives are being , or will be , achieved .

In conclusion , by taking the time to communicate with Fund Manangers , an informed group of shareholders is developed who will be prepared to maintain their support of the company .
in conclusion , by taking the time to communicate with fund manangers , an informed group of shareholders is developed who will be prepared to [remain/keep] their support of the company .

The Council is united in its resolve to maintain and develop standards of professional management and competence .
the council is united in its resolve to [remain/keep] and develop standards of professional management and competence .

The level of detail and complexity of the plan should match both the complexity of the works , the level of control required and the contractors ability to understand and maintain the plan .
the level of detail and complexity of the plan should match both the complexity of the works , the level of control required and the contractors ability to understand and [remain/keep] the plan .

Information gathered form monitoring will result in decisions which need to be taken to maintain control of the project .
information gathered form monitoring will result in decisions which need to be taken to [remain/keep] control of the project .

He also stated that his government would confine its discussions with the federal government to matters of immigration , communications and labour , and would maintain bilateral relations with individual provinces on issues of mutual concern .
he also stated that his government would confine its discussions with the federal government to matters of immigration , communications and labour , and would [remain/keep] bilateral relations with individual provinces on issues of mutual concern .

In exercising the 12th veto of his presidency , Bush stated that it was necessary to maintain the prohibitions of the Hatch Act in order `` to preserve the impartial , evenhanded conduct of government business `` , and to avoid exposing civil servants to `` unstated but enormous pressure to participate in partisan political activity `` .
in exercising the 12th veto of his presidency , bush stated that it was necessary to [remain/keep] the prohibitions of the hatch act in order `` to preserve the impartial , evenhanded conduct of government business `` , and to avoid exposing civil servants to `` unstated but enormous pressure to participate in partisan political activity `` .

Both sides claimed a victory and agreed to maintain communications on matters of economic concern .
both sides claimed a victory and agreed to [remain/keep] communications on matters of economic concern .

However , the continuing prosperity of the tourist sector , following the boom of 1988 , helped to maintain a healthy state of foreign exchange reserves , augmented by substantial expatriate remittances .
however , the continuing prosperity of the tourist sector , following the boom of 1988 , helped to [remain/keep] a healthy state of foreign exchange reserves , augmented by substantial expatriate remittances .

Venezuela had been the most outspoken critic of the Iraqi position , arguing to maintain the existing price of $ 18 a barrel .
venezuela had been the most outspoken critic of the iraqi position , arguing to [remain/keep] the existing price of $ 18 a barrel .

Benefits would accrue from the privatization of state companies , he said , although the government would recognise its `` social objective `` to raise public living standards and maintain public services .
benefits would accrue from the privatization of state companies , he said , although the government would recognise its `` social objective `` to raise public living standards and [remain/keep] public services .

On Oct. 2 the government had sent in troops to maintain order .
on oct. 2 the government had sent in troops to [remain/keep] order .

The refugee issue prompted the Hungarian government in February to abrogate the 1979 treaty with Romania which prevented dual citizenship , which meant that refugees could maintain dual Hungarian-Romanian citizenship [ see also below for relations with Hungary ] .
the refugee issue prompted the hungarian government in february to abrogate the 1979 treaty with romania which prevented dual citizenship , which meant that refugees could [remain/keep] dual hungarian-romanian citizenship [ see also below for relations with hungary ] .

Radio Burkina said that delegates had agreed on the need to maintain `` state capitalism `` , but that this did not entail the rejection of private enterprise , which `` should be supported at all costs `` .
radio burkina said that delegates had agreed on the need to [remain/keep] `` state capitalism `` , but that this did not entail the rejection of private enterprise , which `` should be supported at all costs `` .

The Indian government had sought to maintain good relations with China by not condemning the crushing of the June pro-democracy demonstrations [ see pp .
the indian government had sought to [remain/keep] good relations with china by not condemning the crushing of the june pro-democracy demonstrations [ see pp .

Although the August amendments to the Public Security Act had made chief district officers ( CDOs ) more accountable by ordering them to maintain law and order through district police , on Oct. 6 the government announced that CDOs had been armed with unlimited powers under the Security Act , as amended in September , to hold anyone in preventive detention for the maintenance of law and order .
although the august amendments to the public security act had made chief district officers ( cdos ) more accountable by ordering them to [remain/keep] law and order through district police , on oct. 6 the government announced that cdos had been armed with unlimited powers under the security act , as amended in september , to hold anyone in preventive detention for the maintenance of law and order .

Observers suggested that a programme of negotiated , `` rolling reforms `` would now ensue , probably over a considerable period of time , and that de Klerk would face strong opposition from some elements of the white electorate who sought to maintain protected political rights for the white minority .
observers suggested that a programme of negotiated , `` rolling reforms `` would now ensue , probably over a considerable period of time , and that de klerk would face strong opposition from some elements of the white electorate who sought to [remain/keep] protected political rights for the white minority .

Despite calls to the party to maintain " balanced ties with North and South Korea " , Doi gave no indication that the party 's existing policy of normalizing relations with South Korea by recognizing the 1965 treaty ( under which Japan established diplomatic relations with South Korea ) would change .
despite calls to the party to [remain/keep] " balanced ties with north and south korea " , doi gave no indication that the party 's existing policy of normalizing relations with south korea by recognizing the 1965 treaty ( under which japan established diplomatic relations with south korea ) would change .

The Declaration undoubtedly broke new constitutional ground when it stated that `` the raising or keeping of a standing army within this kingdom in time of peace unless it be with the consent of Parliament is against the law `` ; the Militia Acts of 1661 and 1662 had invested control of the armed forces in the hands of the monarch alone with no suggestion that Parliamentary consent was needed to maintain an army in peace time .
the declaration undoubtedly broke new constitutional ground when it stated that `` the raising or keeping of a standing army within this kingdom in time of peace unless it be with the consent of parliament is against the law `` ; the militia acts of 1661 and 1662 had invested control of the armed forces in the hands of the monarch alone with no suggestion that parliamentary consent was needed to [remain/keep] an army in peace time .

Although Anne 's sympathies lay strongly with the Tories , she too was determined to maintain the political independence of the Crown .
although anne 's sympathies lay strongly with the tories , she too was determined to [remain/keep] the political independence of the crown .

Even in the aftermath of the Sacheverell affair , Francis Atterbury could still maintain that `` the Voice of the People is the Cry of Hell `` , and that `` The People are by the Voice of Heaven declared Foolish , Sottish , void of Understanding , wise for Wickedness ; and senseless for Good `` .
even in the aftermath of the sacheverell affair , francis atterbury could still [remain/keep] that `` the voice of the people is the cry of hell `` , and that `` the people are by the voice of heaven declared foolish , sottish , void of understanding , wise for wickedness ; and senseless for good `` .

Then there was what might be-called `` fire-insurance Jacobitism `` : in the 1690s a number of leading politicians — amongst them Tories such as Marlborough and Godolphin and Whigs such as Shrewsbury and Edward Russell — thought it wise to maintain some contact with the exiled Stuarts so that their own political security would be guaranteed should there be another Stuart restoration .
then there was what might be-called `` fire-insurance jacobitism `` : in the 1690s a number of leading politicians — amongst them tories such as marlborough and godolphin and whigs such as shrewsbury and edward russell — thought it wise to [remain/keep] some contact with the exiled stuarts so that their own political security would be guaranteed should there be another stuart restoration .

The British also had to send some aid to maintain their credibility and therefore their influence as allies of the United States .
the british also had to send some aid to [remain/keep] their credibility and therefore their influence as allies of the united states .

Britain had to do whatever was necessary to maintain her position as America 's premier ally ( apart from the British and some Commonwealth forces , only Turkey sent troops to Korea to assist the Americans ) .
britain had to do whatever was necessary to [remain/keep] her position as america 's premier ally ( apart from the british and some commonwealth forces , only turkey sent troops to korea to assist the americans ) .

Despite his determination to maintain his friendship with Arvandus , Sidonius shows nothing but hostility towards Seronatus , whose plans impinged too closely on his own life .
despite his determination to [remain/keep] his friendship with arvandus , sidonius shows nothing but hostility towards seronatus , whose plans impinged too closely on his own life .

Although he had always worked hard to maintain good relations with the tsar and the central government , he was not a professional courtier .
although he had always worked hard to [remain/keep] good relations with the tsar and the central government , he was not a professional courtier .

The meeting at Münchengrätz in 1833 had increased his confidence not only vis-à-vis the Ottoman Empire but also in respect of the West , for Austria and Russia ( and subsequently Prussia ) had agreed not only to maintain the integrity of the Sultan 's possessions , but also to guarantee each other 's Polish territories and to assist any established regime which found itself threatened by insurgents .
the meeting at münchengrätz in 1833 had increased his confidence not only vis-à-vis the ottoman empire but also in respect of the west , for austria and russia ( and subsequently prussia ) had agreed not only to [remain/keep] the integrity of the sultan 's possessions , but also to guarantee each other 's polish territories and to assist any established regime which found itself threatened by insurgents .

The prime disadvantages , he believed , were two : `` Absence of a territorial military organization `` and the `` need to maintain a large peacetime army at great expense due to the lack of a … reserve `` .
the prime disadvantages , he believed , were two : `` absence of a territorial military organization `` and the `` need to [remain/keep] a large peacetime army at great expense due to the lack of a … reserve `` .

His alternative was to increase the army 's number of permanent divisions from thirty-one to forty-seven , to maintain them at a relatively low level in peacetime , but to triple them in size on the outbreak of war .
his alternative was to increase the army 's number of permanent divisions from thirty-one to forty-seven , to [remain/keep] them at a relatively low level in peacetime , but to triple them in size on the outbreak of war .

How could the centre `` maintain its administrative ties with the masses to ensure adequate national defense and tax collection ? ``
how could the centre `` [remain/keep] its administrative ties with the masses to ensure adequate national defense and tax collection ? ``

Of course , cost is not the only factor ; ability of the investment bank to maintain a secondary market is important to the extent that repeat borrowing will tend to be priced on the basis of the yield on outstanding issues ; ability to structure and innovate may be important where there are specialised funding requirements ; the investor base and banking relationships can also be important , as discussed below .
of course , cost is not the only factor ; ability of the investment bank to [remain/keep] a secondary market is important to the extent that repeat borrowing will tend to be priced on the basis of the yield on outstanding issues ; ability to structure and innovate may be important where there are specialised funding requirements ; the investor base and banking relationships can also be important , as discussed below .

However , very few have been able to maintain these positions : only 5 in the top 50 and 3 in the top 10 .
however , very few have been able to [remain/keep] these positions : only 5 in the top 50 and 3 in the top 10 .

Borrowers may find it in their interests not to break a relationship with an investment bank , as the latter may stabilise the bond price and maintain an orderly aftermarket , ensuring a good reception of future issues .
borrowers may find it in their interests not to break a relationship with an investment bank , as the latter may stabilise the bond price and [remain/keep] an orderly aftermarket , ensuring a good reception of future issues .

Thus Sir William Trumbull , when he was sent as English ambassador to Paris in 1685 , was told that : You shall constantly correspond with our ministers in other foreign courts , for our better service , and your mutual information and assistance in your respective negotiations ; and you shall also maintain a good correspondence and intercourse with all the other ambassadors , envoys and ministers of princes and states in amity with us , and as far as you can penetrate into the designs of their respective superiors , and of what you can discover of this nature you shall give us a constant account by one of our Principal Secretaries of State .
thus sir william trumbull , when he was sent as english ambassador to paris in 1685 , was told that : you shall constantly correspond with our ministers in other foreign courts , for our better service , and your mutual information and assistance in your respective negotiations ; and you shall also [remain/keep] a good correspondence and intercourse with all the other ambassadors , envoys and ministers of princes and states in amity with us , and as far as you can penetrate into the designs of their respective superiors , and of what you can discover of this nature you shall give us a constant account by one of our principal secretaries of state .

But the main function of the British and Russian ministers was to observe and counter each other 's activities ; it was the rivalries of these two great imperial powers which kept alive their interest in Persia and made them establish and maintain relations with it .
but the main function of the british and russian ministers was to observe and counter each other 's activities ; it was the rivalries of these two great imperial powers which kept alive their interest in persia and made them establish and [remain/keep] relations with it .

It represents an instinctive knowledge ( a `` kynde knowynge `` ) acquired by trial and error of how to maintain an inner balance , and reason 's active initiative ends here , giving way to a new kind of knowledge of God experienced as a gift that discretion enables man to receive .
it represents an instinctive knowledge ( a `` kynde knowynge `` ) acquired by trial and error of how to [remain/keep] an inner balance , and reason 's active initiative ends here , giving way to a new kind of knowledge of god experienced as a gift that discretion enables man to receive .

In chapter seven of The Form , leading his disciple on from the initial perspective of striving to order her inner life as if she should die tomorrow — a challenge which sets the adrenalin running and wonderfully sharpens awareness — he potently reminds her in terms of his own cultural coinage that the world is indeed `` charged with the grandeur of God `` by instructing her to see all her physical experience in terms of the sacrifice also offered at the Mass : By means of keeping in remembrance this little incantatory prayer at meals and indeed at all times not otherwise taken up with prayer or speech ( `` and thynk it noght anely whils etes , bot bath before and after , ay bot when prayes or spekes `` , 7.104.39 – 40 ) the disciple will maintain a constant perception of all aspects of sustaining life as a divine gift mysteriously available in time only through the processes of death and resurrection .
in chapter seven of the form , leading his disciple on from the initial perspective of striving to order her inner life as if she should die tomorrow — a challenge which sets the adrenalin running and wonderfully sharpens awareness — he potently reminds her in terms of his own cultural coinage that the world is indeed `` charged with the grandeur of god `` by instructing her to see all her physical experience in terms of the sacrifice also offered at the mass : by means of keeping in remembrance this little incantatory prayer at meals and indeed at all times not otherwise taken up with prayer or speech ( `` and thynk it noght anely whils etes , bot bath before and after , ay bot when prayes or spekes `` , 7.104.39 – 40 ) the disciple will [remain/keep] a constant perception of all aspects of sustaining life as a divine gift mysteriously available in time only through the processes of death and resurrection .

But it is becoming increasingly difficult to maintain that the behavioural products of human imagination and of ape imagination are wholly different in kind .
but it is becoming increasingly difficult to [remain/keep] that the behavioural products of human imagination and of ape imagination are wholly different in kind .

Or , to put it the other way round , affines only remain friends so long as they remain affines ; they are bonded together by political alliance rather than by common substance , and , if the parties concerned want to maintain that alliance , they must repeatedly reaffirm that bonding by the appropriate exchange of imperishable valuables of a visible and identifiable kind .
or , to put it the other way round , affines only remain friends so long as they remain affines ; they are bonded together by political alliance rather than by common substance , and , if the parties concerned want to [remain/keep] that alliance , they must repeatedly reaffirm that bonding by the appropriate exchange of imperishable valuables of a visible and identifiable kind .

We are specialists and must maintain the highest standards in our work .
we are specialists and must [remain/keep] the highest standards in our work .

Regular and effective use of this Practice Guide will maintain and improve the standard of service to our clients .
regular and effective use of this practice guide will [remain/keep] and improve the standard of service to our clients .

Consider advising the client that it is in his interest to maintain profitability through any warranty period .
consider advising the client that it is in his interest to [remain/keep] profitability through any warranty period .

Although acquisition assistance may be less structured than normal corporate finance ( ie special ) work , it is important to impose a structure as early as possible and to maintain working papers in accordance with that structure .
although acquisition assistance may be less structured than normal corporate finance ( ie special ) work , it is important to impose a structure as early as possible and to [remain/keep] working papers in accordance with that structure .

At the least , the seller should agree to ensure that the business of the offeree group is carried on in the ordinary and usual course so as to maintain the same as a going concern ; and that nothing is voluntarily done or omitted which would result in a material inaccuracy in the warranties if they were repeated on , and as at , completion .
at the least , the seller should agree to ensure that the business of the offeree group is carried on in the ordinary and usual course so as to [remain/keep] the same as a going concern ; and that nothing is voluntarily done or omitted which would result in a material inaccuracy in the warranties if they were repeated on , and as at , completion .

Purchaser will be obliged to maintain terms and conditions that preexisted .
purchaser will be obliged to [remain/keep] terms and conditions that preexisted .

where the initial word processing is to be undertaken within the firm , ensure that the technology is such that the transfer of files to the printer 's system will maintain the integrity of the document and be cost effective ; and
where the initial word processing is to be undertaken within the firm , ensure that the technology is such that the transfer of files to the printer 's system will [remain/keep] the integrity of the document and be cost effective ; and

Searching this database on the company name will tell you whether or not we currently maintain a file for them .
searching this database on the company name will tell you whether or not we currently [remain/keep] a file for them .

We maintain a computerised database of potential purchasers and their acquisition criteria against which all acquisition opportunities which are brought to us or come to our attention are screened .
we [remain/keep] a computerised database of potential purchasers and their acquisition criteria against which all acquisition opportunities which are brought to us or come to our attention are screened .

Until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the Company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the Company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this Agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the Company regarding the Company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the Vendors .
until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this agreement , you agree not to initiate or [remain/keep] contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the company regarding the company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the vendors .

treat the information as being strictly private and confidential and shall take all precautions to maintain its status as such ;
treat the information as being strictly private and confidential and shall take all precautions to [remain/keep] its status as such ;

treat the information as being strictly private and confidential and shall take all precautions to maintain its status as such ;
treat the information as being strictly private and confidential and shall take all precautions to [remain/keep] its status as such ;

We maintain a computerised database of potential acquirers against which we screen all opportunities that come to our attention .
we [remain/keep] a computerised database of potential acquirers against which we screen all opportunities that come to our attention .

It was his job now to maintain order and keep them moving smoothly .
it was his job now to [remain/keep] order and keep them moving smoothly .

As the weapon spun off into the darkness , Angel One released his grip on Louise and shoved her stumbling off to one side , at the same time drawing Jim Miller square in front of him to maintain his human shield .
as the weapon spun off into the darkness , angel one released his grip on louise and shoved her stumbling off to one side , at the same time drawing jim miller square in front of him to [remain/keep] his human shield .

Its continued success during the 1990s will depend upon its ability to maintain the distinctive built form and environment that makes it so attractive to international business decision-makers .
its continued success during the 1990s will depend upon its ability to [remain/keep] the distinctive built form and environment that makes it so attractive to international business decision-makers .

One possibility is to conduct monetary and budgetary policies in such a way as to maintain a steadily expanding flow of total money expenditure on the products of labour , and so on labour itself .
one possibility is to conduct monetary and budgetary policies in such a way as to [remain/keep] a steadily expanding flow of total money expenditure on the products of labour , and so on labour itself .

financial policies to maintain a steady and moderate rate of growth of total money expenditures and of
financial policies to [remain/keep] a steady and moderate rate of growth of total money expenditures and of

To develop and maintain quarterly models of domestic and world economies which embody the results of our time-series econometric research .
to develop and [remain/keep] quarterly models of domestic and world economies which embody the results of our time-series econometric research .

For over fifty years selected local bus operators have been given monopoly rights on their routes in return for which they are subject to fares control and expected to plough back any profits from good services to maintain loss-making routes .
for over fifty years selected local bus operators have been given monopoly rights on their routes in return for which they are subject to fares control and expected to plough back any profits from good services to [remain/keep] loss-making routes .

In order to disseminate research findings and to maintain contact with policymakers , the Centre has held Public Policy Seminars and Conferences on policy-related issues : a recent example was a seminar on housing allowances and the housing benefit scheme .
in order to disseminate research findings and to [remain/keep] contact with policymakers , the centre has held public policy seminars and conferences on policy-related issues : a recent example was a seminar on housing allowances and the housing benefit scheme .

For example , certain kinds of investment , advertising and research and development expenditures may allow firms to maintain their market position against encroachment from existing and new competitors .
for example , certain kinds of investment , advertising and research and development expenditures may allow firms to [remain/keep] their market position against encroachment from existing and new competitors .

The research examines to what extent this is the case and what , ( if any ) strategies are being adopted by British clothing manufacturers to restore or maintain international competitiveness .
the research examines to what extent this is the case and what , ( if any ) strategies are being adopted by british clothing manufacturers to restore or [remain/keep] international competitiveness .

The objective of the research is an analysis of the tensions which arise between the duty of the Council to protect the public and its simultaneous need to maintain the unity and confidence of the profession .
the objective of the research is an analysis of the tensions which arise between the duty of the council to protect the public and its simultaneous need to [remain/keep] the unity and confidence of the profession .

The patterns of employment in Britain are being re-structured by employers seeking to maintain their market position during the current recession , and introduce new technology .
the patterns of employment in britain are being re-structured by employers seeking to [remain/keep] their market position during the current recession , and introduce new technology .

One argument over the Act concerns the adequacy of the safeguards : civil libertarians maintain they are too weak while rank-and-file police lament the burden of paperwork and bureaucratic routine as an impediment to effective crime investigation .
one argument over the act concerns the adequacy of the safeguards : civil libertarians [remain/keep] they are too weak while rank-and-file police lament the burden of paperwork and bureaucratic routine as an impediment to effective crime investigation .

Some observers see this as a deficiency : others maintain that effective control over use of police powers must necessarily involve day-to-day supervision .
some observers see this as a deficiency : others [remain/keep] that effective control over use of police powers must necessarily involve day-to-day supervision .

In the 1960s , the food supply system of Butare was reported to be adequate ; twenty years later we have reasons to believe that Butare 's steadily increasing population is finding it difficult to maintain the grip on familiar supply mechanisms .
in the 1960s , the food supply system of butare was reported to be adequate ; twenty years later we have reasons to believe that butare 's steadily increasing population is finding it difficult to [remain/keep] the grip on familiar supply mechanisms .

It asks how far the jobless attempt to maintain traditional roles , whether by legal or illegal means , and looks at the different sources of pressure and aid found in this village .
it asks how far the jobless attempt to [remain/keep] traditional roles , whether by legal or illegal means , and looks at the different sources of pressure and aid found in this village .

Some researchers maintain that many of these principles are genetically programmed , and it is this which explains how it is possible for speakers of the same language to develop similar and highly complex knowledge of their language , even though , in the normal language learning situation , they will have been exposed only to limited and random samples of speech .
some researchers [remain/keep] that many of these principles are genetically programmed , and it is this which explains how it is possible for speakers of the same language to develop similar and highly complex knowledge of their language , even though , in the normal language learning situation , they will have been exposed only to limited and random samples of speech .

Self-worth motivated children protect themselves from the risk of failure on a high status task ; they maintain that they could succeed , but see no point in making the effort .
self-worth motivated children protect themselves from the risk of failure on a high status task ; they [remain/keep] that they could succeed , but see no point in making the effort .

The programme of education reforms currently being introduced by the British Government requires all state maintained schools to introduce more or less simultaneously several major innovations , together with any changes initiated by LEAs and by the schools , while attempting to maintain the quality of their ongoing work .
the programme of education reforms currently being introduced by the british government requires all state maintained schools to introduce more or less simultaneously several major innovations , together with any changes initiated by leas and by the schools , while attempting to [remain/keep] the quality of their ongoing work .

‘ Every penny raised by the ball will help us to maintain and eventually expand our vital service to Northern Ireland .
‘ every penny raised by the ball will help us to [remain/keep] and eventually expand our vital service to northern ireland .

That being so , then the company is going to have to generate considerable revenue to maintain their own viability .
that being so , then the company is going to have to generate considerable revenue to [remain/keep] their own viability .

‘ It is vital that we maintain our concentration for the entire match .
‘ it is vital that we [remain/keep] our concentration for the entire match .

Unfortunately in past years , due to lack of financial support , it had been impossible to maintain regular contact between the youngsters , she added .
unfortunately in past years , due to lack of financial support , it had been impossible to [remain/keep] regular contact between the youngsters , she added .

It is essential therefore that bodies manage their finances efficiently and apply them effectively to maintain development .
it is essential therefore that bodies manage their finances efficiently and apply them effectively to [remain/keep] development .

Nature reserves are widely appreciated and much admired , but do we ever stop to think of the behind-the-scenes management ? At the heart of these natural jewels should be a management plan which indicates who should do what , where , when , why and how to ensure that the reserves maintain their conservation interest .
nature reserves are widely appreciated and much admired , but do we ever stop to think of the behind-the-scenes management ? at the heart of these natural jewels should be a management plan which indicates who should do what , where , when , why and how to ensure that the reserves [remain/keep] their conservation interest .

4. maintain a liaison between industry , academia and government on issues relevant to biomedical research involving the use of animals .
4. [remain/keep] a liaison between industry , academia and government on issues relevant to biomedical research involving the use of animals .

The Forward Trust Belfast League Senior quartet of League champion Derek Weir , Wai Sun Chan , Willie Cherry and Liz Cheevers has a winning look about it as it faces the Dublin and District League while the Junior quartet of John Fall , Harry Finlay , Andrew Gibson and Sharon Ferguson , drawn from division two , hope to maintain their winning run against Dublin .
the forward trust belfast league senior quartet of league champion derek weir , wai sun chan , willie cherry and liz cheevers has a winning look about it as it faces the dublin and district league while the junior quartet of john fall , harry finlay , andrew gibson and sharon ferguson , drawn from division two , hope to [remain/keep] their winning run against dublin .

Maintain the schedule of contract maintenance equipment .
[remain/keep] the schedule of contract maintenance equipment .

Maintain databases for
[remain/keep] databases for

This will analyse network performance , maintain equipment inventories , and log software use within the system .
this will analyse network performance , [remain/keep] equipment inventories , and log software use within the system .

Software : Autocad , Windows , Word 5 , Excel , Maintain
software : autocad , windows , word 5 , excel , [remain/keep]

Software : Windows 3.1 , Word 2.0 , Excel 4.0 , Maintain , Eagle
software : windows 3.1 , word 2.0 , excel 4.0 , [remain/keep] , eagle

Group to issue a reminder to staff that project-funded computing equipment still requires Group approval , in view of the needs to maintain compatibility , and to monitor support and consumable costs .
group to issue a reminder to staff that project-funded computing equipment still requires group approval , in view of the needs to [remain/keep] compatibility , and to monitor support and consumable costs .

to maintain and develop collections of living plants and preserved plant material , books , archives and other related objects ;
to [remain/keep] and develop collections of living plants and preserved plant material , books , archives and other related objects ;

b ) It is vitally important that we maintain our association with these organisations and continue to receive the benefits of membership .
b ) it is vitally important that we [remain/keep] our association with these organisations and continue to receive the benefits of membership .

Replanting woodland ravaged by storms and disease , coppicing , hedgelaying and pond clearance to maintain a rich variety of wildlife habitat .
replanting woodland ravaged by storms and disease , coppicing , hedgelaying and pond clearance to [remain/keep] a rich variety of wildlife habitat .

It is important to address an audience directly , using eye-contact , speaking to all sections of the room , and changing speech rhythms and levels to maintain attention , as well as adding touches of lightness from time to time , in the form of humour .
it is important to address an audience directly , using eye-contact , speaking to all sections of the room , and changing speech rhythms and levels to [remain/keep] attention , as well as adding touches of lightness from time to time , in the form of humour .

to maintain and develop collections of living plants and preserved plant material , books , archives and other related objects ;
to [remain/keep] and develop collections of living plants and preserved plant material , books , archives and other related objects ;

If an external load torque is applied to the motor then the rotor must adopt a position at which the motor produces sufficient torque to balance the load torque and maintain equilibrium — The maximum torque which the motor can produce , and therefore the maximum load which can be applied under static conditions , is equal to the peak static torque .
if an external load torque is applied to the motor then the rotor must adopt a position at which the motor produces sufficient torque to balance the load torque and [remain/keep] equilibrium — the maximum torque which the motor can produce , and therefore the maximum load which can be applied under static conditions , is equal to the peak static torque .

4.3 and 4.4 , where it is assumed that the system inertia is sufficient to maintain rotation even if the load torque temporarily exceeds the motor torque .
4.3 and 4.4 , where it is assumed that the system inertia is sufficient to [remain/keep] rotation even if the load torque temporarily exceeds the motor torque .

The single.step response can be examined over a range of forcing resistance values ( with appropriate changes of supply voltage to maintain constant phase current ) until a suitable response is obtained .
the single.step response can be examined over a range of forcing resistance values ( with appropriate changes of supply voltage to [remain/keep] constant phase current ) until a suitable response is obtained .

At the stepping rates considered in this Chapter we are justified in regarding the rotor velocity as constant ; the system inertia is sufficient to maintain a steady speed , even if the motor torque varies slightly during each step .
at the stepping rates considered in this chapter we are justified in regarding the rotor velocity as constant ; the system inertia is sufficient to [remain/keep] a steady speed , even if the motor torque varies slightly during each step .

However the supply voltage must also be increased to maintain the phase current at its rated value when the motor is stationary and consequently a large d.c. power supply is needed .
however the supply voltage must also be increased to [remain/keep] the phase current at its rated value when the motor is stationary and consequently a large d.c. power supply is needed .

The low supply voltage must maintain the rated winding current when the motor is stationary : The winding time constant and the current rise time required is 1 ins .
the low supply voltage must [remain/keep] the rated winding current when the motor is stationary : the winding time constant and the current rise time required is 1 ins .

Ali sees in this attempt by Hacihasanzade to induce Kemalpasazade to accept a kadilik an example of a means whereby he was able to maintain himself in the office of kazasker ( first in that of Anadolu and then in that of Rumeli ) for twenty-five years .
ali sees in this attempt by hacihasanzade to induce kemalpasazade to accept a kadilik an example of a means whereby he was able to [remain/keep] himself in the office of kazasker ( first in that of anadolu and then in that of rumeli ) for twenty-five years .

An intervals the system can be increased by a further analytical , statistical or informational function , capable of processing information which might otherwise need an additional personnel assistant to maintain .
an intervals the system can be increased by a further analytical , statistical or informational function , capable of processing information which might otherwise need an additional personnel assistant to [remain/keep] .

As we wished to maintain effective management of manpower resources it was a requirement .
as we wished to [remain/keep] effective management of manpower resources it was a requirement .

We wanted to reduce the manual effort required to maintain Personnel records and generate such regular and ad hoc reports and analyses as were required .
we wanted to reduce the manual effort required to [remain/keep] personnel records and generate such regular and ad hoc reports and analyses as were required .

And now what she had to do was maintain her temper at white heat until he had pumped his pleasure into her so that she would not lose her nerve — and possibly her satin — by cringing away from him at that vital last moment — vital for him , fatal perhaps for her — and pleading with him not to make her pregnant .
and now what she had to do was [remain/keep] her temper at white heat until he had pumped his pleasure into her so that she would not lose her nerve — and possibly her satin — by cringing away from him at that vital last moment — vital for him , fatal perhaps for her — and pleading with him not to make her pregnant .

It was n't easy to maintain a light level tone as she asked , ‘ Is that the way you usually deal with problems ? By running away from them ? ’ The images his words had triggered were running riot in her brain , and it took all her strength to blot them out .
it was n't easy to [remain/keep] a light level tone as she asked , ‘ is that the way you usually deal with problems ? by running away from them ? ’ the images his words had triggered were running riot in her brain , and it took all her strength to blot them out .

Furious that a rare kind word from Nathan Bryce could so easily demolish the façade of efficiency and confidence she had worked so desperately hard to maintain , she blinked hard and sucked in a deep breath .
furious that a rare kind word from nathan bryce could so easily demolish the façade of efficiency and confidence she had worked so desperately hard to [remain/keep] , she blinked hard and sucked in a deep breath .

She had , of course , her private life to maintain .
she had , of course , her private life to [remain/keep] .

There are now international proposals that banks in major countries should maintain capital reserves equal to 8 % of their assets , weighted according to risk .
there are now international proposals that banks in major countries should [remain/keep] capital reserves equal to 8 % of their assets , weighted according to risk .

In order to make profits , banks must maintain an adequate spread between borrowing and lending rates .
in order to make profits , banks must [remain/keep] an adequate spread between borrowing and lending rates .

They maintain a secondary market in CDs and other short term financial instruments .
they [remain/keep] a secondary market in cds and other short term financial instruments .

Section 49 allows the seller to maintain an action for the price where both the following conditions are fulfilled :
section 49 allows the seller to [remain/keep] an action for the price where both the following conditions are fulfilled :

If the seller can not maintain an action under section 49 , he may still have a claim for damages which he can bring under section 50 ‘ where the buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to accept and pay for the goods .
if the seller can not [remain/keep] an action under section 49 , he may still have a claim for damages which he can bring under section 50 ‘ where the buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to accept and pay for the goods .

‘ ( 1 ) Where the buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to accept and pay for the goods , the seller may maintain an action against him for damages for non-acceptance .
‘ ( 1 ) where the buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to accept and pay for the goods , the seller may [remain/keep] an action against him for damages for non-acceptance .

‘ ( 1 ) Where the seller wrongfully neglects or refuses to deliver the goods to the buyer , the buyer may maintain an action against the seller for damages for non-delivery .
‘ ( 1 ) where the seller wrongfully neglects or refuses to deliver the goods to the buyer , the buyer may [remain/keep] an action against the seller for damages for non-delivery .

The Westminster government refused to negotiate with the strikers and proposed to use the army to maintain essential services .
the westminster government refused to negotiate with the strikers and proposed to use the army to [remain/keep] essential services .

Deciding the court timetable in order to maintain a high level of attention for the duration of sittings .
deciding the court timetable in order to [remain/keep] a high level of attention for the duration of sittings .

She 'd had enough now . Why did n't he just go while she could still maintain some degree of composure , this deliberate distancing of herself from the rapture that had possessed her before the telephone rang ?
she 'd had enough now . why did n't he just go while she could still [remain/keep] some degree of composure , this deliberate distancing of herself from the rapture that had possessed her before the telephone rang ?

In some printers the two are one , and you replace the photoconductor with the toner every time , albeit less frequently than you might change toner cartridges in those printers which maintain the two separately .
in some printers the two are one , and you replace the photoconductor with the toner every time , albeit less frequently than you might change toner cartridges in those printers which [remain/keep] the two separately .

Those who have to organise fishing events , and any club or individual who wants to maintain records with any degree of detail , will appreciate this program .
those who have to organise fishing events , and any club or individual who wants to [remain/keep] records with any degree of detail , will appreciate this program .

Next you have to decide when to enter the date and time information — do you want to use the spreadsheet like a time clock where you record what you are doing at the time you do it or will you use it to maintain a post-hoc record and enter dates and times in batches .
next you have to decide when to enter the date and time information — do you want to use the spreadsheet like a time clock where you record what you are doing at the time you do it or will you use it to [remain/keep] a post-hoc record and enter dates and times in batches .

Lists In common with most other fax software , Ultrafax allows you to maintain lists of fax numbers and contacts to be used as a dialling directory .
lists in common with most other fax software , ultrafax allows you to [remain/keep] lists of fax numbers and contacts to be used as a dialling directory .

Firstly , she needs to carry some weight to maintain her power .
firstly , she needs to carry some weight to [remain/keep] her power .

We therefore maintain a complete stock of equipment parts and spares , as well as technical specialists on 24-hour call at Midland and Houston in Texas and Aberdeen in Scotland .
we therefore [remain/keep] a complete stock of equipment parts and spares , as well as technical specialists on 24-hour call at midland and houston in texas and aberdeen in scotland .

’ She quivered in his grasp , trying to maintain her air of sophistication as her voice dipped unsteadily .
’ she quivered in his grasp , trying to [remain/keep] her air of sophistication as her voice dipped unsteadily .

While they still maintain feminist art history should raise ‘ fundamental questions for art history as a humanist discipline ’ , they do not believe feminist art history should be confined to the documentation of women artists ( as a form of additive history ) .
while they still [remain/keep] feminist art history should raise ‘ fundamental questions for art history as a humanist discipline ’ , they do not believe feminist art history should be confined to the documentation of women artists ( as a form of additive history ) .

But such ecosystems are often open , in that they require heavy inputs of nutrients and energy to maintain populations and productivity of a few selected species of plants and animals .
but such ecosystems are often open , in that they require heavy inputs of nutrients and energy to [remain/keep] populations and productivity of a few selected species of plants and animals .

Stress-relaxation experiments involve the measurement of the force required to maintain the deformation produced initially by an applied stress as a function of time .
stress-relaxation experiments involve the measurement of the force required to [remain/keep] the deformation produced initially by an applied stress as a function of time .

As the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this operation .
as the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to [remain/keep] a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this operation .

To maintain equality of area , however , shape is distorted .
to [remain/keep] equality of area , however , shape is distorted .

Some current assets are by nature needed to maintain the company operations and would not normally be available to meet short-term obligations .
some current assets are by nature needed to [remain/keep] the company operations and would not normally be available to meet short-term obligations .

We will maintain our reputation for integrity , trust and respect in all business activities .
we will [remain/keep] our reputation for integrity , trust and respect in all business activities .

They are joined by an increasing number of younger people throughout our businesses who bring with them new knowledge and skills so essential to maintain a lead against global competition and benefit from changes in technology .
they are joined by an increasing number of younger people throughout our businesses who bring with them new knowledge and skills so essential to [remain/keep] a lead against global competition and benefit from changes in technology .

The Directors are also required to maintain adequate accounting records .
the directors are also required to [remain/keep] adequate accounting records .

The Women Artists Slide Library offers a specific focus for women and the arts in this country today and works under a great deal of pressure to maintain this position each year .
the women artists slide library offers a specific focus for women and the arts in this country today and works under a great deal of pressure to [remain/keep] this position each year .

Operate and maintain company facilities in line with best industry practice and statutory requirements
operate and [remain/keep] company facilities in line with best industry practice and statutory requirements

‘ The advertising and sampling will let people find our for themselves how much their pets enjoy it , which will be one of the most effective ways to maintain our current strong sales growth . ’
‘ the advertising and sampling will let people find our for themselves how much their pets enjoy it , which will be one of the most effective ways to [remain/keep] our current strong sales growth . ’

It managed to either maintain or even extend market share within its trade sectors , but lower margins and volume declines led to a fall against 1991 .
it managed to either [remain/keep] or even extend market share within its trade sectors , but lower margins and volume declines led to a fall against 1991 .

Practically everyone gets roped into ‘ bowling ’ at one time or another but the family , and , always seem to maintain the highest profile on the alley .
practically everyone gets roped into ‘ bowling ’ at one time or another but the family , and , always seem to [remain/keep] the highest profile on the alley .

This is a reasonable position given the predictability of the Institute 's cash flow but , with the outlook for membership bleak , we will have our work cut out to maintain it .
this is a reasonable position given the predictability of the institute 's cash flow but , with the outlook for membership bleak , we will have our work cut out to [remain/keep] it .

notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in ( i ) and ( ii ) of this paragraph the Directors may amend the Executive Scheme to secure or maintain its approval by the Inland Revenue or to comply with or take advantage of any changes to legislation provided that such amendments do not affect the basic structure of the Executive Scheme or the limits outlined in paragraph 5 above ;
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in ( i ) and ( ii ) of this paragraph the directors may amend the executive scheme to secure or [remain/keep] its approval by the inland revenue or to comply with or take advantage of any changes to legislation provided that such amendments do not affect the basic structure of the executive scheme or the limits outlined in paragraph 5 above ;

This refers to people 's progress through life : a result both of their attempts to maintain personal esteem and , at the same time , social respect deriving from other people 's evaluations .
this refers to people 's progress through life : a result both of their attempts to [remain/keep] personal esteem and , at the same time , social respect deriving from other people 's evaluations .

Sumner saw hunger , love , vanity and fear as key forces underlying individual behaviour and people developed a number of social institutions to maintain these needs .
sumner saw hunger , love , vanity and fear as key forces underlying individual behaviour and people developed a number of social institutions to [remain/keep] these needs .

Rather , their attempts to maintain exclusive rights over an object are seen as attempts to create their ‘ selves ’ and their relationships to other groups of children .
rather , their attempts to [remain/keep] exclusive rights over an object are seen as attempts to create their ‘ selves ’ and their relationships to other groups of children .

To maintain that , since the ‘ biological ’ is always presented to us as mediated by the ‘ social ’ , the ‘ biological ’ is nothing and the ‘ social ’ is everything , would once again be idealist sophistry .
to [remain/keep] that , since the ‘ biological ’ is always presented to us as mediated by the ‘ social ’ , the ‘ biological ’ is nothing and the ‘ social ’ is everything , would once again be idealist sophistry .

To maintain their own self-esteem , long-distance migrants are nevertheless obliged to repeat the myth of urban success when they return to the society they have left .
to [remain/keep] their own self-esteem , long-distance migrants are nevertheless obliged to repeat the myth of urban success when they return to the society they have left .

The objective has been to indicate the value of appreciating the expressive order : the understandings people have of their own lives , their attempts to maintain self-esteem and the respect of others in the context of processes and decisions far removed from their understanding or influence .
the objective has been to indicate the value of appreciating the expressive order : the understandings people have of their own lives , their attempts to [remain/keep] self-esteem and the respect of others in the context of processes and decisions far removed from their understanding or influence .

Strategic development plans are best managed as portfolios , that is , during the development period early successes must be seen to be delivered , thus ensuring a continuous flow of systems products to maintain interest and commitment to the system from all users .
strategic development plans are best managed as portfolios , that is , during the development period early successes must be seen to be delivered , thus ensuring a continuous flow of systems products to [remain/keep] interest and commitment to the system from all users .

Sometimes it is necessary to include intermediate nodes , which do not actually represent records , but are included to maintain the correct hierarchical structure , so that they will be processed in the required order .
sometimes it is necessary to include intermediate nodes , which do not actually represent records , but are included to [remain/keep] the correct hierarchical structure , so that they will be processed in the required order .

One usual method is to leave gaps at the end of each block so that records can be inserted into a block ( with only slight reorganisation of the records in that block to maintain the correct order ) .
one usual method is to leave gaps at the end of each block so that records can be inserted into a block ( with only slight reorganisation of the records in that block to [remain/keep] the correct order ) .

The information centre alternative can speed up the development of applications and maintenance ( as the users should be able to maintain the systems as well as develop them ) .
the information centre alternative can speed up the development of applications and maintenance ( as the users should be able to [remain/keep] the systems as well as develop them ) .

After losing most of its wartime recruits back to the universities and the law , the Service was determined to maintain its new influence , in Whitehall if not the world .
after losing most of its wartime recruits back to the universities and the law , the service was determined to [remain/keep] its new influence , in whitehall if not the world .

Then next for the Spinner we shall ensue , We 'll make them spin three pound instead of two ; When they bring home their work unto us , they complain , And say that their wages will not them maintain ; But if that an ounce of weight they do lack , Then for to bate threepence we will not be slack .
then next for the spinner we shall ensue , we 'll make them spin three pound instead of two ; when they bring home their work unto us , they complain , and say that their wages will not them [remain/keep] ; but if that an ounce of weight they do lack , then for to bate threepence we will not be slack .

In the last quarter of the eighteenth century British population hit the critical rate of growth squarely in the middle , slow enough to maintain , or even slightly improve real wages and yet to encourage labour saving innovation , fast enough to keep down labour costs and yet to expand aggregate demand for food and mass consumer goods .
in the last quarter of the eighteenth century british population hit the critical rate of growth squarely in the middle , slow enough to [remain/keep] , or even slightly improve real wages and yet to encourage labour saving innovation , fast enough to keep down labour costs and yet to expand aggregate demand for food and mass consumer goods .

Thus the forces operating to maintain and even continue expanding the home market were multi-directional , in that market dependency can increase irrespective of income levels .
thus the forces operating to [remain/keep] and even continue expanding the home market were multi-directional , in that market dependency can increase irrespective of income levels .

They may also deliberately maintain extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .
they may also deliberately [remain/keep] extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .

Where , for example , British Rail wishes to maintain a loss-making rural railway for social reasons , the government attempted to value the divergence between private and social cost and made an explicit subsidy payment to British Rail .
where , for example , british rail wishes to [remain/keep] a loss-making rural railway for social reasons , the government attempted to value the divergence between private and social cost and made an explicit subsidy payment to british rail .

‘ France has declared its intent to maintain the truce , ’ the prince objected .
‘ france has declared its intent to [remain/keep] the truce , ’ the prince objected .

‘ Then why the flushed face ? ’ He walked slowly over to her , his jacket slung over his shoulder , his briefcase in his hand , and when he was towering over her she found it difficult to maintain her attitude .
‘ then why the flushed face ? ’ he walked slowly over to her , his jacket slung over his shoulder , his briefcase in his hand , and when he was towering over her she found it difficult to [remain/keep] her attitude .

Only occasionally did villagers become impatient , thinking he was only pretending not to understand — they believed he was an ancestor in a white skin who was obsessed with privacy simply to maintain his secret .
only occasionally did villagers become impatient , thinking he was only pretending not to understand — they believed he was an ancestor in a white skin who was obsessed with privacy simply to [remain/keep] his secret .

Radical voices in developing countries began to accuse the West of plotting to keep down the numbers in the Third World so as to maintain their own privileged position .
radical voices in developing countries began to accuse the west of plotting to keep down the numbers in the third world so as to [remain/keep] their own privileged position .

The difficulty and expense of travel makes visiting almost impossible , even by those families who do try to maintain contact with individual patients .
the difficulty and expense of travel makes visiting almost impossible , even by those families who do try to [remain/keep] contact with individual patients .

Supporters like Jim Cummins maintain that heritage language teaching is an important step in helping immigrant students realize their potential .
supporters like jim cummins [remain/keep] that heritage language teaching is an important step in helping immigrant students realize their potential .

Our distinctively humane values have neither been erased from our hearts nor honored by those who scramble to maintain power over our lives .
our distinctively humane values have neither been erased from our hearts nor honored by those who scramble to [remain/keep] power over our lives .

The scheme aims to ensure the residents ' economic survival and to maintain or create family units wherever possible .
the scheme aims to ensure the residents ' economic survival and to [remain/keep] or create family units wherever possible .

Formed in 1980 and led by dual singer-songwriters Gimo Remane and Zena Bakar , the group has always made an effort to maintain the traditional rhythms of their home in Nampula province but also take inspiration from a cosmopolitan mix of Latin and Arab styles : the delicate lilting Portuguese-influenced guitar cuts across sliding Arabic rhythms .
formed in 1980 and led by dual singer-songwriters gimo remane and zena bakar , the group has always made an effort to [remain/keep] the traditional rhythms of their home in nampula province but also take inspiration from a cosmopolitan mix of latin and arab styles : the delicate lilting portuguese-influenced guitar cuts across sliding arabic rhythms .

Formed in 1980 and led by dual singer-songwriters Gimo Remane and Zena Bakar , the group has always made an effort to maintain the traditional rhythms of their home in Nampula province but also take inspiration from a cosmopolitan mix of Latin and Arab styles : the delicate lilting Portuguese-influenced guitar cuts across sliding Arabic rhythms .
formed in 1980 and led by dual singer-songwriters gimo remane and zena bakar , the group has always made an effort to [remain/keep] the traditional rhythms of their home in nampula province but also take inspiration from a cosmopolitan mix of latin and arab styles : the delicate lilting portuguese-influenced guitar cuts across sliding arabic rhythms .

We propose 10 such subjects , to act as foundation stones for the society which we wish to build and maintain .
we propose 10 such subjects , to act as foundation stones for the society which we wish to build and [remain/keep] .

For these people going into debt is not a way to finance newer extravagences but the only way to maintain a lifestyle they have been brought up to accept as theirs by right .
for these people going into debt is not a way to finance newer extravagences but the only way to [remain/keep] a lifestyle they have been brought up to accept as theirs by right .

But since humans are communicators by nature , a special distance-making language was essential if the mandarins were to maintain their power over the peasants .
but since humans are communicators by nature , a special distance-making language was essential if the mandarins were to [remain/keep] their power over the peasants .

Nor does it deal with the historical obligation for British Rail to maintain hundreds of listed buildings .
nor does it deal with the historical obligation for british rail to [remain/keep] hundreds of listed buildings .

and learned Friend the Member for Burton also referred to the need to maintain what he described as the quality of managers in prisons , and my right hon .
and learned friend the member for burton also referred to the need to [remain/keep] what he described as the quality of managers in prisons , and my right hon .

That should enable local authorities to maintain sensible spending programmes without any need for a real increase in community charge levels .
that should enable local authorities to [remain/keep] sensible spending programmes without any need for a real increase in community charge levels .

The Secretary of State said in his statement that he would maintain the level of spending on council houses and would make extra funds available to combat homelessness and dampness . Is he aware that , in Renfrew district , the council estimates that , during the next five years , it will need £300 million to bring houses up to a tolerable level ? Will he put a figure on the amount that he intends to make available to deal with homelessness and dampness ?
the secretary of state said in his statement that he would [remain/keep] the level of spending on council houses and would make extra funds available to combat homelessness and dampness . is he aware that , in renfrew district , the council estimates that , during the next five years , it will need £300 million to bring houses up to a tolerable level ? will he put a figure on the amount that he intends to make available to deal with homelessness and dampness ?

That would maintain the dual role that is vital to recruiting to the Household Division itself .
that would [remain/keep] the dual role that is vital to recruiting to the household division itself .

As the Committee 's Chairman pointed out , the Government must maintain a fine balance .
as the committee 's chairman pointed out , the government must [remain/keep] a fine balance .

Even if the election is postponed until July , the Government will not be able to maintain the line that we have heard from the Dispatch Box .
even if the election is postponed until july , the government will not be able to [remain/keep] the line that we have heard from the dispatch box .

What of Labour 's plans for the future of the coal industry ? Its pledge is to maintain the industry ’ at around about its current size ’ . Let us ignore for the moment what Labour actually means by that ; how will it deliver on its promise , bearing in mind the fact that the nuclear industry is already ring fenced , gas contracts have already been signed and committed to combined cycle gas turbine plant , and coal imports are perfectly legal under European law ?
what of labour 's plans for the future of the coal industry ? its pledge is to [remain/keep] the industry ’ at around about its current size ’ . let us ignore for the moment what labour actually means by that ; how will it deliver on its promise , bearing in mind the fact that the nuclear industry is already ring fenced , gas contracts have already been signed and committed to combined cycle gas turbine plant , and coal imports are perfectly legal under european law ?

If the families believe that they can enjoy their social hours with the territorials , they will support their men and womenfolk and encourage them to maintain their membership of the Territorial Army .
if the families believe that they can enjoy their social hours with the territorials , they will support their men and womenfolk and encourage them to [remain/keep] their membership of the territorial army .

That principle has now been abandoned ; the Government no longer advance or maintain that position .
that principle has now been abandoned ; the government no longer advance or [remain/keep] that position .

The Data Protection Registrar is quoted as warning local councils that they could break the law if they maintain a register of all adults for the council tax .
the data protection registrar is quoted as warning local councils that they could break the law if they [remain/keep] a register of all adults for the council tax .

Even worse , the European empires at least left behind them working administrative structures and moderately healthy economies , which meant that most of the ex-colonial countries have managed to maintain stable states and thriving economies — although , of course , not thriving as fast as ours in the west — but the Soviet empire is leaving no administration at all , only economic catastrophe .
even worse , the european empires at least left behind them working administrative structures and moderately healthy economies , which meant that most of the ex-colonial countries have managed to [remain/keep] stable states and thriving economies — although , of course , not thriving as fast as ours in the west — but the soviet empire is leaving no administration at all , only economic catastrophe .

We maintain the integrity of our nation as we promote better relations between neighbours .
we [remain/keep] the integrity of our nation as we promote better relations between neighbours .

It seems sensible for the inspectorate to maintain that national curriculum .
it seems sensible for the inspectorate to [remain/keep] that national curriculum .

Is the hon. Lady saying that , if a Labour Government were elected , they would immediately put right that ratio ? Is she making a promise to the British people that this improvement will be financed by an increase in taxation , or that , just as the Conservative Government have always aspired to improve that target , so will a Labour Government , and the British people will have to wait a long time for such an improvement to materialise ? The Government have tried strenuously to maintain effective and sensible aid policies , with a view to maintaining that commitment and reaching that target when the country can afford it .
is the hon. lady saying that , if a labour government were elected , they would immediately put right that ratio ? is she making a promise to the british people that this improvement will be financed by an increase in taxation , or that , just as the conservative government have always aspired to improve that target , so will a labour government , and the british people will have to wait a long time for such an improvement to materialise ? the government have tried strenuously to [remain/keep] effective and sensible aid policies , with a view to maintaining that commitment and reaching that target when the country can afford it .

One or two of the gentle , giant horses snorted in fear , but they allowed her to lead them to the safety of the barn , while Seb was struggling to maintain control of the hunters .
one or two of the gentle , giant horses snorted in fear , but they allowed her to lead them to the safety of the barn , while seb was struggling to [remain/keep] control of the hunters .

My right hon. Friend will know that reserve aeroplanes can not simply be trundled out of a hangar and launched into the air . What provision is my right hon. Friend making to ensure that there will be enough reserve air and ground crews to fly and maintain those aeroplanes in an emergency ?
my right hon. friend will know that reserve aeroplanes can not simply be trundled out of a hangar and launched into the air . what provision is my right hon. friend making to ensure that there will be enough reserve air and ground crews to fly and [remain/keep] those aeroplanes in an emergency ?

The United Kingdom carries out such tests of nuclear warheads as are necessary to maintain the effectiveness and safety of our nuclear deterrent .
the united kingdom carries out such tests of nuclear warheads as are necessary to [remain/keep] the effectiveness and safety of our nuclear deterrent .

We shall encourage all of them to do so , and to start and maintain good government practices .
we shall encourage all of them to do so , and to start and [remain/keep] good government practices .

Contrary to what he said , that has enabled the industry to maintain production at much the same levels as those of 1990 .
contrary to what he said , that has enabled the industry to [remain/keep] production at much the same levels as those of 1990 .

Our first priority must be to maintain the pound 's position within the exchange rate mechanism .
our first priority must be to [remain/keep] the pound 's position within the exchange rate mechanism .

Will the Minister commend Lagan college in my constituency for the progress that it has made in the past 10 years ? Can he confirm that there will be no discrimination against state schools , for which the majority of parents still exercise a preference , or in favour of the segregated education system that the Roman Catholic Church and most Catholic parents want to maintain ? Will the Minister assure the House that there will be no barrier to those who oppose integrated schools serving on the boards of governors of integrated schools ?
will the minister commend lagan college in my constituency for the progress that it has made in the past 10 years ? can he confirm that there will be no discrimination against state schools , for which the majority of parents still exercise a preference , or in favour of the segregated education system that the roman catholic church and most catholic parents want to [remain/keep] ? will the minister assure the house that there will be no barrier to those who oppose integrated schools serving on the boards of governors of integrated schools ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that , given the collapse of the Soviet Union and the distribution of its nuclear weapons around the country , it is extremely important for Britain to maintain its nuclear deterrent and to be ready for any eventuality ?
does my right hon. friend agree that , given the collapse of the soviet union and the distribution of its nuclear weapons around the country , it is extremely important for britain to [remain/keep] its nuclear deterrent and to be ready for any eventuality ?

Unless the United Nations is prepared actually physically to keep the peace , the federal forces have every incentive to maintain military operations against Croatia .
unless the united nations is prepared actually physically to keep the peace , the federal forces have every incentive to [remain/keep] military operations against croatia .

We maintain a dialogue with a range of countries with the aim of discouraging any form of support for terrorist groups .
we [remain/keep] a dialogue with a range of countries with the aim of discouraging any form of support for terrorist groups .

If the Secretary of State has discussed inter-city routes with the chairman of British Rail , will he tell us what is his view , if not the view of Cabinet colleagues , on the privatisation of InterCity ? Will the right hon. and learned Gentleman require the guaranteeing of through routes to all parts of the United Kingdom ? Is he prepared to give a subsidy to maintain those routes to guarantee private profit rather than meet public transport needs ?
if the secretary of state has discussed inter-city routes with the chairman of british rail , will he tell us what is his view , if not the view of cabinet colleagues , on the privatisation of intercity ? will the right hon. and learned gentleman require the guaranteeing of through routes to all parts of the united kingdom ? is he prepared to give a subsidy to [remain/keep] those routes to guarantee private profit rather than meet public transport needs ?

The Maastricht agreement will help us to maintain that privileged position .
the maastricht agreement will help us to [remain/keep] that privileged position .

If we are to maintain confidence in the system , there is no point in our mucking around with the map several times in each Parliament .
if we are to [remain/keep] confidence in the system , there is no point in our mucking around with the map several times in each parliament .

Does the Secretary of State accept that the improvement in productivity is partly due to the fact that the number of registered disabled people employed by British Coal has fallen ? Is he aware that that figure is now 0.4 per cent. , which is way below the guidelines laid down in legislation ? Does he intend to prosecute British Coal for its failure to maintain the percentage of registered disabled people employed in the industry ?
does the secretary of state accept that the improvement in productivity is partly due to the fact that the number of registered disabled people employed by british coal has fallen ? is he aware that that figure is now 0.4 per cent. , which is way below the guidelines laid down in legislation ? does he intend to prosecute british coal for its failure to [remain/keep] the percentage of registered disabled people employed in the industry ?

Will my hon. Friend confirm that , when the Education ( Schools ) Bill becomes law , local education authorities will still have an absolute right to inspect the schools that they maintain , whenever they want to , so that they are always aware of the maintenance that needs to be done ?
will my hon. friend confirm that , when the education ( schools ) bill becomes law , local education authorities will still have an absolute right to inspect the schools that they [remain/keep] , whenever they want to , so that they are always aware of the maintenance that needs to be done ?

The Opposition have complained for years that our determination to maintain an essential minimum safeguard for our country with a nuclear deterrent was somehow an obstacle to the necessary task of reducing the overblown nuclear arsenals of the super-powers , but President Yeltsin dealt with their arguments in one wholly destructive answer .
the opposition have complained for years that our determination to [remain/keep] an essential minimum safeguard for our country with a nuclear deterrent was somehow an obstacle to the necessary task of reducing the overblown nuclear arsenals of the super-powers , but president yeltsin dealt with their arguments in one wholly destructive answer .

The hon. Gentleman seems to be totally ignorant of and unable to adjust to President Yeltsin 's announcement in which he made it absolutely clear that our determination to maintain a minimum deterrent is no obstruction to the determination that he and President Bush have to reduce the nuclear arsenals of the super-powers .
the hon. gentleman seems to be totally ignorant of and unable to adjust to president yeltsin 's announcement in which he made it absolutely clear that our determination to [remain/keep] a minimum deterrent is no obstruction to the determination that he and president bush have to reduce the nuclear arsenals of the super-powers .

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will visit factories in north Devon which have been involved in defence contracts and seek to maintain this link .
to ask the secretary of state for defence if he will visit factories in north devon which have been involved in defence contracts and seek to [remain/keep] this link .

Does the Minister recall the remark made by President Yeltsin the other day which so delighted the Prime Minister — that Britain 's nuclear weapons were irrelevant and of no consequence in the discussions about nuclear disarmament ? Does not that remark demonstrate that we never had an independent nuclear deterrent , as neither President Yeltsin nor anyone else in the Soviet Union accepted it as a deterrent ; and that we have poured tens of billions of pounds down the drain trying to maintain that mystique ?
does the minister recall the remark made by president yeltsin the other day which so delighted the prime minister — that britain 's nuclear weapons were irrelevant and of no consequence in the discussions about nuclear disarmament ? does not that remark demonstrate that we never had an independent nuclear deterrent , as neither president yeltsin nor anyone else in the soviet union accepted it as a deterrent ; and that we have poured tens of billions of pounds down the drain trying to [remain/keep] that mystique ?

We will do our best to ensure that we maintain a sensible , profitable structure for agriculture in the United Kingdom in the interests of all those employed by it and involved in it .
we will do our best to ensure that we [remain/keep] a sensible , profitable structure for agriculture in the united kingdom in the interests of all those employed by it and involved in it .

The exception was that he proposed to maintain research expenditure at the record level of $ 77 billion and to make permanent the fiscal allowances for research and development .
the exception was that he proposed to [remain/keep] research expenditure at the record level of $ 77 billion and to make permanent the fiscal allowances for research and development .

No one could have fought harder than this Government to maintain the zero rates that we have .
no one could have fought harder than this government to [remain/keep] the zero rates that we have .

Does its principal keep in touch with the colleges in Her Majesty 's forces , which maintain such a high standard in every respect , while also ensuring that intelligence is applied to complex problems ?
does its principal keep in touch with the colleges in her majesty 's forces , which [remain/keep] such a high standard in every respect , while also ensuring that intelligence is applied to complex problems ?

In the light of the current Conservative ’ Newsline ’ pledge that the Conservative party , if it wins the election , will ’ target social security ’ so that it is ’ not a handout to those who do not need it ’ , will the Minister confirm that that is a Tory pledge to means test pensions after the election ? Will he also confirm that that is exactly what a previous Tory Chancellor of the Exchequer — the right hon. Member for Blaby ( Mr. Lawson ) — said that he intended to do during a notorious private briefing ? Before the right hon. Gentleman issues a denial , will he confirm that before the previous election the Tories said that they would continue to pay child benefit as before — only to freeze it immediately for three years when they took office ? Does he recall that before 1979 the Tories said that they would maintain the value of the retirement pension in line with rising living standards — a pledge which was promptly broken when they took office ? As a result , a single pensioner has lost £17 a week under the Government while a married couple have lost £28 .
in the light of the current conservative ’ newsline ’ pledge that the conservative party , if it wins the election , will ’ target social security ’ so that it is ’ not a handout to those who do not need it ’ , will the minister confirm that that is a tory pledge to means test pensions after the election ? will he also confirm that that is exactly what a previous tory chancellor of the exchequer — the right hon. member for blaby ( mr. lawson ) — said that he intended to do during a notorious private briefing ? before the right hon. gentleman issues a denial , will he confirm that before the previous election the tories said that they would continue to pay child benefit as before — only to freeze it immediately for three years when they took office ? does he recall that before 1979 the tories said that they would [remain/keep] the value of the retirement pension in line with rising living standards — a pledge which was promptly broken when they took office ? as a result , a single pensioner has lost £17 a week under the government while a married couple have lost £28 .

It is important that we maintain our form of help because among asylum seekers there are those who will ultimately be proved to be genuine refugees .
it is important that we [remain/keep] our form of help because among asylum seekers there are those who will ultimately be proved to be genuine refugees .

Will my right hon. Friend tell the House what he feels about the accuracy of the continued Russian accounting for nuclear warheads ? Has he considered whether the western powers should purchase some of those warheads to prevent them from falling into the hands of non-nuclear powers that have no idea how to maintain or destroy them ?
will my right hon. friend tell the house what he feels about the accuracy of the continued russian accounting for nuclear warheads ? has he considered whether the western powers should purchase some of those warheads to prevent them from falling into the hands of non-nuclear powers that have no idea how to [remain/keep] or destroy them ?

On Thursday , some of the Secretary of State 's officials will give evidence about Trident to the Select Committee on Defence . Can the right hon. Gentleman confirm that on 6 March 1991 , in answer to question 40 , Rear Admiral Pirnie said that Britain could maintain a continuous patrol with three Trident submarines , and that with one submarine in refit we could still maintain a continuous patrol with only two submarines ? Is that still the opinion of the right hon. Gentleman 's advisers ?
on thursday , some of the secretary of state 's officials will give evidence about trident to the select committee on defence . can the right hon. gentleman confirm that on 6 march 1991 , in answer to question 40 , rear admiral pirnie said that britain could [remain/keep] a continuous patrol with three trident submarines , and that with one submarine in refit we could still [remain/keep] a continuous patrol with only two submarines ? is that still the opinion of the right hon. gentleman 's advisers ?

His idea of a minimum deterrent is to maintain 2,500 warheads .
his idea of a minimum deterrent is to [remain/keep] 2,500 warheads .

Over such a period , as has already been apparent with Polaris , if we had only had three , we should not have been able to maintain that programme .
over such a period , as has already been apparent with polaris , if we had only had three , we should not have been able to [remain/keep] that programme .

We have always sought to maintain contact with all the parties and we have urged them to build on the fundamental principles already agreed .
we have always sought to [remain/keep] contact with all the parties and we have urged them to build on the fundamental principles already agreed .

Does the right hon. Gentleman agree that the global position in which the United Nations was established has little relevance to today 's world ? Is it not true that , because of the break-up of the Soviet Union , the balance of power has shifted towards the United States ? Does not that make it difficult for the United Nations to carry out a peacekeeping role ? Do not the problems of the third world , which is still suffering economic deprivation , need to be addressed ? Therefore , will not there be a need for radical changes in the United Nations if it is to maintain any confidence and respect throughout the world ?
does the right hon. gentleman agree that the global position in which the united nations was established has little relevance to today 's world ? is it not true that , because of the break-up of the soviet union , the balance of power has shifted towards the united states ? does not that make it difficult for the united nations to carry out a peacekeeping role ? do not the problems of the third world , which is still suffering economic deprivation , need to be addressed ? therefore , will not there be a need for radical changes in the united nations if it is to [remain/keep] any confidence and respect throughout the world ?

My Lords and Members of the House of Commons My Government will pursue , within the framework of the Exchange Rate Mechanism , firm financial policies designed to reduce inflation further and maintain the conditions necessary for sustained growth .
my lords and members of the house of commons my government will pursue , within the framework of the exchange rate mechanism , firm financial policies designed to reduce inflation further and [remain/keep] the conditions necessary for sustained growth .

They will maintain firm control of public spending with the aim of keeping its share of national income on a downward trend over time .
they will [remain/keep] firm control of public spending with the aim of keeping its share of national income on a downward trend over time .

They will maintain positive relations with the Republic of Ireland .
they will [remain/keep] positive relations with the republic of ireland .

We have the greatest chance ever to rid the world of nuclear weapons now , yet the consensus in this country is apparently that we need to maintain three Trident systems and possibly build a fourth at a total cost of more than £23 billion .
we have the greatest chance ever to rid the world of nuclear weapons now , yet the consensus in this country is apparently that we need to [remain/keep] three trident systems and possibly build a fourth at a total cost of more than £23 billion .

The latest Confederation of British Industry survey of manufacturing companies shows that more than six times as many companies expect to maintain or increase their investment in training over the next year than expect to reduce it .
the latest confederation of british industry survey of manufacturing companies shows that more than six times as many companies expect to [remain/keep] or increase their investment in training over the next year than expect to reduce it .

Rather , they tell us what they told us last year — that they will maintain conditions for sustained growth .
rather , they tell us what they told us last year — that they will [remain/keep] conditions for sustained growth .

The Government can not maintain conditions for sustained growth if they do not introduce such conditions .
the government can not [remain/keep] conditions for sustained growth if they do not introduce such conditions .

The Government wanted to create a property-owning democracy , and they did so , but that property-owning democracy needs inflation to maintain itself .
the government wanted to create a property-owning democracy , and they did so , but that property-owning democracy needs inflation to [remain/keep] itself .

Therefore , we have decided that it would not be appropriate to introduce separate charges for sewerage and the provisions in the Bill for water and sewerage charges in Scotland will essentially maintain the existing system whereby regional and island councils set the appropriate levels .
therefore , we have decided that it would not be appropriate to introduce separate charges for sewerage and the provisions in the bill for water and sewerage charges in scotland will essentially [remain/keep] the existing system whereby regional and island councils set the appropriate levels .

One could use the intent and motive argument to claim that to maintain the standing of the House one should seriously devalue and perhaps scrap early-day motions .
one could use the intent and motive argument to claim that to [remain/keep] the standing of the house one should seriously devalue and perhaps scrap early-day motions .

In doing so , they maintain clear security from the contents of page 382 of ’ Erskine May ’ .
in doing so , they [remain/keep] clear security from the contents of page 382 of ’ erskine may ’ .

if they are to maintain their position — If the Tory party demonstrates its great nervousness by its attempts to disrupt , the whole country will form an accurate opinion —
if they are to [remain/keep] their position — if the tory party demonstrates its great nervousness by its attempts to disrupt , the whole country will form an accurate opinion —

The question that the Government must answer is whether , if they were to maintain their stand-back attitude and what they call their options , British investors — not simply inward investors — who want to sell their produce throughout the Community and the rest of Europe would give priority to investing and developing in Britain when they had every reason to believe that the Government were ever ready to withdraw from the European process .
the question that the government must answer is whether , if they were to [remain/keep] their stand-back attitude and what they call their options , british investors — not simply inward investors — who want to sell their produce throughout the community and the rest of europe would give priority to investing and developing in britain when they had every reason to believe that the government were ever ready to withdraw from the european process .

That is the point : is a fourth boat needed to maintain our deterrent ?
that is the point : is a fourth boat needed to [remain/keep] our deterrent ?

Thus , it remains essential to maintain adequate defences against such dictators and to prevent the further proliferation of nuclear arms .
thus , it remains essential to [remain/keep] adequate defences against such dictators and to prevent the further proliferation of nuclear arms .

To allow it to maintain the 300 nuclear weapons that it is currently estimated to hold — including 100 tactical weapons — can only provoke and encourage the Arab states ' determination to obtain nuclear arsenals .
to allow it to [remain/keep] the 300 nuclear weapons that it is currently estimated to hold — including 100 tactical weapons — can only provoke and encourage the arab states ' determination to obtain nuclear arsenals .

As it was , it would be better to maintain a discreet distance .
as it was , it would be better to [remain/keep] a discreet distance .

They could n't maintain this strained silence indefinitely .
they could n't [remain/keep] this strained silence indefinitely .

Institutions form canons and work to maintain hierarchies within them .
institutions form canons and work to [remain/keep] hierarchies within them .

The appearance of obedience was difficult to maintain in Tudor times when the terms on which it was founded were not clear .
the appearance of obedience was difficult to [remain/keep] in tudor times when the terms on which it was founded were not clear .

New Historicists acting to ensure selected texts survive and are allowed to maintain their power ?
new historicists acting to ensure selected texts survive and are allowed to [remain/keep] their power ?

The castle is a human body and while retaining a conventional castle architecture , Spenser sets out to show how the well-organised body is a fortress which can maintain itself from attack by savage exterior forces .
the castle is a human body and while retaining a conventional castle architecture , spenser sets out to show how the well-organised body is a fortress which can [remain/keep] itself from attack by savage exterior forces .

Section 9(2) provides that where the valuation is prevented by the fault of one of the parties , the other may maintain an action for damages against the party at fault .
section 9(2) provides that where the valuation is prevented by the fault of one of the parties , the other may [remain/keep] an action for damages against the party at fault .

He used a lighter rail with a section known a ‘ bridge rail ’ supported on longtitudinal baulks of timber with light cross ties or transoms to maintain the gauge .
he used a lighter rail with a section known a ‘ bridge rail ’ supported on longtitudinal baulks of timber with light cross ties or transoms to [remain/keep] the gauge .

That is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the existing aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production remaining unchanged .
that is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to [remain/keep] the existing aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production remaining unchanged .

It has nothing in common with cases in which a particular producer , by acquiring monopoly control over a resource , is able to maintain his position as sole source of supply indefinitely .
it has nothing in common with cases in which a particular producer , by acquiring monopoly control over a resource , is able to [remain/keep] his position as sole source of supply indefinitely .

These and other rules are designed ( amongst other things ) to guarantee bank solvency and therefore to protect depositors and indeed to maintain a stable monetary system .
these and other rules are designed ( amongst other things ) to guarantee bank solvency and therefore to protect depositors and indeed to [remain/keep] a stable monetary system .

The research aims to investigate some of the social psychological factors that have helped to maintain the present conflict . These psychological factors are being examined in two
the research aims to investigate some of the social psychological factors that have helped to [remain/keep] the present conflict . these psychological factors are being examined in two

Furthermore , they tend not to maintain a clear distinction between the speaker 's intended meaning on the one hand , and the message used to convey that meaning to a listener on the other .
furthermore , they tend not to [remain/keep] a clear distinction between the speaker 's intended meaning on the one hand , and the message used to convey that meaning to a listener on the other .

The jobs necessary to maintain or replace the important parts of these systems are all covered , many with step-by-step illustrated guides .
the jobs necessary to [remain/keep] or replace the important parts of these systems are all covered , many with step-by-step illustrated guides .

Fixed location is difficult to maintain with a fast-growing collection ;
fixed location is difficult to [remain/keep] with a fast-growing collection ;

Normally , in order to maintain control over the use of subdivisions , each combination of main heading and subdivision must be approved .
normally , in order to [remain/keep] control over the use of subdivisions , each combination of main heading and subdivision must be approved .

Weber gives as reasons for this power position of the bureaucratic and political elites their possession of the means of administration and the fact that they are small groups which can easily reach agreement upon any action necessary to maintain their power .
weber gives as reasons for this power position of the bureaucratic and political elites their possession of the means of administration and the fact that they are small groups which can easily reach agreement upon any action necessary to [remain/keep] their power .

The Soviet Union has disintegrated into separate states , and the so-called Commonwealth of Independent States exists largely on paper as a desperate attempt to maintain some kind of economic and political cooperation .
the soviet union has disintegrated into separate states , and the so-called commonwealth of independent states exists largely on paper as a desperate attempt to [remain/keep] some kind of economic and political cooperation .

‘ He said that he could n't pay me because he had to maintain his cash flow for the London opening , but what he would do was to let me regard what he owed me as a stake in the show .
‘ he said that he could n't pay me because he had to [remain/keep] his cash flow for the london opening , but what he would do was to let me regard what he owed me as a stake in the show .

They were responsible for the complete show , which was why stories of stars giving notes to other actors or ordering changes in sets and costumes were not just examples of megalomania , but the desire to maintain the overall standard of whatever production they put their names to .
they were responsible for the complete show , which was why stories of stars giving notes to other actors or ordering changes in sets and costumes were not just examples of megalomania , but the desire to [remain/keep] the overall standard of whatever production they put their names to .

This form of internal organization arises from the need to maintain direct control of the activity of employees , indirect control via incentive schemes not being possible ( we refer below to some of the issues that arise in the attempt to devise such incentive structures ) .
this form of internal organization arises from the need to [remain/keep] direct control of the activity of employees , indirect control via incentive schemes not being possible ( we refer below to some of the issues that arise in the attempt to devise such incentive structures ) .

Walking up to him , the dignity she was trying to maintain spoiled when she caught her foot in the trailing bedspread and nearly fell over , she demanded , ‘ Hold out your hands . ’
walking up to him , the dignity she was trying to [remain/keep] spoiled when she caught her foot in the trailing bedspread and nearly fell over , she demanded , ‘ hold out your hands . ’

The British authorities argued at the time that the way to tackle this problem of falling competitiveness , far from being to allow the pound to devalue , was to maintain a rigid exchange rate for sterling and so through the resulting high interest rates and tight money ‘ to squeeze inflation out of the system ’ .
the british authorities argued at the time that the way to tackle this problem of falling competitiveness , far from being to allow the pound to devalue , was to [remain/keep] a rigid exchange rate for sterling and so through the resulting high interest rates and tight money ‘ to squeeze inflation out of the system ’ .

For how much longer will it be possible to maintain this position ?
for how much longer will it be possible to [remain/keep] this position ?

The stated objectives of this Union include ‘ to assert its identity on the international scene ’ , ‘ to develop close cooperation on justice and home affairs ’ and to ‘ maintain in full and build upon the acquis communautaire ’ ( i.e .
the stated objectives of this union include ‘ to assert its identity on the international scene ’ , ‘ to develop close cooperation on justice and home affairs ’ and to ‘ [remain/keep] in full and build upon the acquis communautaire ’ ( i.e .

The problem is that time is not on the side of those who wish to maintain the integrity of the nation state .
the problem is that time is not on the side of those who wish to [remain/keep] the integrity of the nation state .

We shall consider these counter-attacks under two broad headings : those which maintain the assumption of price flexibility ; and those which do not .
we shall consider these counter-attacks under two broad headings : those which [remain/keep] the assumption of price flexibility ; and those which do not .

We shall maintain the assumption that expectations are rational , and show that it is not this assumption per se which leads to the ineffectiveness of systematic stabilization policy but its combination with ( inter alia ) the assumption of price flexibility .
we shall [remain/keep] the assumption that expectations are rational , and show that it is not this assumption per se which leads to the ineffectiveness of systematic stabilization policy but its combination with ( inter alia ) the assumption of price flexibility .

In particular , we have shown the implications of applying rational expectations to a variety of alternative models , some of which maintain the idea of wage and price flexibility and some which do not .
in particular , we have shown the implications of applying rational expectations to a variety of alternative models , some of which [remain/keep] the idea of wage and price flexibility and some which do not .

With a properly maintained precision lapping machine , it should easily be possible to maintain a flatness of at least 2 µm over 100 mm .
with a properly maintained precision lapping machine , it should easily be possible to [remain/keep] a flatness of at least 2 µm over 100 mm .

While this equipment gives good results with such difficult cases , it is bulky and expensive , difficult to construct and maintain , and requires a high vacuum from diffusion pumps .
while this equipment gives good results with such difficult cases , it is bulky and expensive , difficult to construct and [remain/keep] , and requires a high vacuum from diffusion pumps .

Delicate arrangements are required to maintain the controlled gas leak and these are prone to wear and maintenance problems .
delicate arrangements are required to [remain/keep] the controlled gas leak and these are prone to wear and maintenance problems .

To maintain optimum transmissivity , it is also vital to keep viewing windows clean .
to [remain/keep] optimum transmissivity , it is also vital to keep viewing windows clean .

Under the Registrar 's rules , societies are required to maintain a minimum ratio of 7.5 per cent of liquid assets ( roughly British government securities plus ‘ short-term assets ’ ) to total assets .
under the registrar 's rules , societies are required to [remain/keep] a minimum ratio of 7.5 per cent of liquid assets ( roughly british government securities plus ‘ short-term assets ’ ) to total assets .

The retail , short maturity , nature of most building society liabilities and the need to maintain public confidence are obviously relevant .
the retail , short maturity , nature of most building society liabilities and the need to [remain/keep] public confidence are obviously relevant .

As we shall see in Chapter 6 , trading in existing stocks helps to maintain their liquidity , makes them attractive to savers and thereby lowers the cost to borrowers of raising new capital in this way .
as we shall see in chapter 6 , trading in existing stocks helps to [remain/keep] their liquidity , makes them attractive to savers and thereby lowers the cost to borrowers of raising new capital in this way .

As we have seen throughout section 4.1 , whatever their major business , all NBFIs maintain some stock of liquid assets .
as we have seen throughout section 4.1 , whatever their major business , all nbfis [remain/keep] some stock of liquid assets .

Let us suppose that NBFIs maintain a stable proportion of bank deposits to total assets and that their assets are growing at twice the rate of nominal income .
let us suppose that nbfis [remain/keep] a stable proportion of bank deposits to total assets and that their assets are growing at twice the rate of nominal income .

However , it is a distinction we are going to maintain in this chapter because it has the effect of separately identifying the discount market .
however , it is a distinction we are going to [remain/keep] in this chapter because it has the effect of separately identifying the discount market .

To ensure that the Bank can maintain an acceptable degree of influence over short-term rates , the monetary control regulations introduced in 1981 required that banks maintain with the discount market funds equal to a daily minimum of 4 per cent and a monthly average of 6 per cent of their ‘ eligible ’ liabilities .
to ensure that the bank can [remain/keep] an acceptable degree of influence over short-term rates , the monetary control regulations introduced in 1981 required that banks [remain/keep] with the discount market funds equal to a daily minimum of 4 per cent and a monthly average of 6 per cent of their ‘ eligible ’ liabilities .

nursery assistants and laboratory assistants ) ; the ancillary workers who maintain premises , provide the meals service and run the offices ; and the professionals who offer specialist services , such as the educational psychologists .
nursery assistants and laboratory assistants ) ; the ancillary workers who [remain/keep] premises , provide the meals service and run the offices ; and the professionals who offer specialist services , such as the educational psychologists .

Laboratory technicians and assistants maintain laboratory and workshop equipment , usually in secondary schools or institutes of further or higher education .
laboratory technicians and assistants [remain/keep] laboratory and workshop equipment , usually in secondary schools or institutes of further or higher education .

Teachers are required to plan and prepare lessons , assess and keep records of pupils ' progress , and maintain discipline .
teachers are required to plan and prepare lessons , assess and keep records of pupils ' progress , and [remain/keep] discipline .

Since married men were normally exempt , youths in some areas might for this reason marry as young as fourteen or fifteen and be given a small piece of land by their parents to maintain themselves : the proliferation of very small peasant holdings in Denmark has been attributed to this factor .
since married men were normally exempt , youths in some areas might for this reason marry as young as fourteen or fifteen and be given a small piece of land by their parents to [remain/keep] themselves : the proliferation of very small peasant holdings in denmark has been attributed to this factor .

The excellent French musket of 1777 , for example , could maintain a rate of fire of three rounds per minute with an effective range of 200 metres and could fire 8,000 shots without needing modification or repairs .
the excellent french musket of 1777 , for example , could [remain/keep] a rate of fire of three rounds per minute with an effective range of 200 metres and could fire 8,000 shots without needing modification or repairs .

From the fifteenth century onwards , first in Italy and then in Western Europe generally , States had begun to maintain representatives more or less permanently in each other 's capitals .
from the fifteenth century onwards , first in italy and then in western europe generally , states had begun to [remain/keep] representatives more or less permanently in each other 's capitals .

While Folly was coming uncomfortably to terms with the fact that the reason they had to avoid built-up areas was to avoid too much carnage if they fell out of the sky , Luke turned to the man in the overalls , who was waiting respectfully for them to finish talking . That was another thing — it did n't help her to maintain her own sense of proportion when the rest of the world treated Luke Hunter as if he were some kind of royalty …
while folly was coming uncomfortably to terms with the fact that the reason they had to avoid built-up areas was to avoid too much carnage if they fell out of the sky , luke turned to the man in the overalls , who was waiting respectfully for them to finish talking . that was another thing — it did n't help her to [remain/keep] her own sense of proportion when the rest of the world treated luke hunter as if he were some kind of royalty …

It is only by concentrating on the differential element that literary studies can maintain its specific object of study .
it is only by concentrating on the differential element that literary studies can [remain/keep] its specific object of study .

By locating the opposition between defamiliarization and automatization within the work itself , the Formalists were able to maintain the specifically literary nature of their concerns while at the same time avoiding an intransigent art-for-art 's sake position .
by locating the opposition between defamiliarization and automatization within the work itself , the formalists were able to [remain/keep] the specifically literary nature of their concerns while at the same time avoiding an intransigent art-for-art 's sake position .

To maintain that the content of literature is part of a system of signs with a structure of its own , independent of the ‘ real ’ world , is clearly to maintain that it is in theory analyzable in the same way as its language ; but in practice a ready-made set of conceptual tools is simply not available .
to [remain/keep] that the content of literature is part of a system of signs with a structure of its own , independent of the ‘ real ’ world , is clearly to [remain/keep] that it is in theory analyzable in the same way as its language ; but in practice a ready-made set of conceptual tools is simply not available .

After all , rhyme and metre are forms of equivalence which distinguish a very great deal of poetry , yet nowadays few would maintain that the presence of either or both is a necessary and sufficient condition for defining a text as poetic .
after all , rhyme and metre are forms of equivalence which distinguish a very great deal of poetry , yet nowadays few would [remain/keep] that the presence of either or both is a necessary and sufficient condition for defining a text as poetic .

The ‘ affective fallacy ’ , they maintain , is the fallacy of arguing , as Richards does , that poetry consists in the emotive use of language , and that the primary consideration of the critic must therefore be the effect that the poem has on the reader .
the ‘ affective fallacy ’ , they [remain/keep] , is the fallacy of arguing , as richards does , that poetry consists in the emotive use of language , and that the primary consideration of the critic must therefore be the effect that the poem has on the reader .

In fact , Barthes 's treatment of the signified is designed to maintain dynamism and break the stasis of structure and system .
in fact , barthes 's treatment of the signified is designed to [remain/keep] dynamism and break the stasis of structure and system .

While the typology sets up these principles , only a commentary can be faithful to them and maintain the text 's plurality .
while the typology sets up these principles , only a commentary can be faithful to them and [remain/keep] the text 's plurality .

He also demonstrates how hard it is to maintain this view , and how easy it is to lapse into logocentric assumptions .
he also demonstrates how hard it is to [remain/keep] this view , and how easy it is to lapse into logocentric assumptions .

‘ You still maintain you are not the woman with whom Garry is having an affair ? ’ he asked , and she shivered at the threat in his quiet voice .
‘ you still [remain/keep] you are not the woman with whom garry is having an affair ? ’ he asked , and she shivered at the threat in his quiet voice .

When there is general agreement that a subject is relevant it appears that no justification is required to maintain its position in the school curriculum .
when there is general agreement that a subject is relevant it appears that no justification is required to [remain/keep] its position in the school curriculum .

Confronted by sudden and eager invitations from strangers , Charlotte 's normal reaction was one of recoil , not out of insecurity , but to maintain her independence and integrity .
confronted by sudden and eager invitations from strangers , charlotte 's normal reaction was one of recoil , not out of insecurity , but to [remain/keep] her independence and integrity .

And in the middle of the slanting span , circling upon a radius of about three yards , and light enough to maintain its place a foot or so below the surface , something pale and oval went monotonously round and round .
and in the middle of the slanting span , circling upon a radius of about three yards , and light enough to [remain/keep] its place a foot or so below the surface , something pale and oval went monotonously round and round .

Is an agreement by a husband separately to maintain his wife , if she will not ‘ molest ’ him , a binding contract ?
is an agreement by a husband separately to [remain/keep] his wife , if she will not ‘ molest ’ him , a binding contract ?

Though not under a legal liability to maintain his illegitimate child , the father is under a moral duty to do so . Would the promise of a complete stranger to pay a mother to maintain her illegitimate child be binding on the promisor ?
though not under a legal liability to [remain/keep] his illegitimate child , the father is under a moral duty to do so . would the promise of a complete stranger to pay a mother to [remain/keep] her illegitimate child be binding on the promisor ?

Although we are convinced we are under no ob ] igation to make additional payments which you ask , we are prepared as you demand in your telex of the 26th June , 1973 , and in order to maintain an amicable relationship and without prejudice to our rights , to make an increase of 10 per cent .
although we are convinced we are under no ob ] igation to make additional payments which you ask , we are prepared as you demand in your telex of the 26th june , 1973 , and in order to [remain/keep] an amicable relationship and without prejudice to our rights , to make an increase of 10 per cent .

Do you avoid the responsibility of countering sexist attitudes by viewing them as a natural part of the society 's framework which students expect you to reinforce ? Do you maintain a similar position with regard to racist attitudes or attitudes about the frivolity of the arts ?
do you avoid the responsibility of countering sexist attitudes by viewing them as a natural part of the society 's framework which students expect you to reinforce ? do you [remain/keep] a similar position with regard to racist attitudes or attitudes about the frivolity of the arts ?

The chancel belonging to the rector may not be in the same style as the nave maintained by the parishioners , reflecting differences in wealth or involvement Even in those churches where the rector was a monastery , there may be a variety of interest displayed , from great ostentation where the monastery has been concerned to maintain its property , to neglect where the church is on a distant or poor estate , or where the monastery itself was poor .
the chancel belonging to the rector may not be in the same style as the nave maintained by the parishioners , reflecting differences in wealth or involvement even in those churches where the rector was a monastery , there may be a variety of interest displayed , from great ostentation where the monastery has been concerned to [remain/keep] its property , to neglect where the church is on a distant or poor estate , or where the monastery itself was poor .

We have seen this at Chew Magna , but also in Somerset , at both Creech St Michael and Locking , stones in the churchyard wall indicate obligations to maintain the church wall by farms in the parish .
we have seen this at chew magna , but also in somerset , at both creech st michael and locking , stones in the churchyard wall indicate obligations to [remain/keep] the church wall by farms in the parish .

In a mainly subsistence economy , the site of a particular place will be largely related to the uses of the land around to maintain the crops and animals which produce the food to sustain life .
in a mainly subsistence economy , the site of a particular place will be largely related to the uses of the land around to [remain/keep] the crops and animals which produce the food to sustain life .

The term refers to the law applied to these areas , which was designed to maintain and encourage wild animals , principally deer , and the greenery on which they depended .
the term refers to the law applied to these areas , which was designed to [remain/keep] and encourage wild animals , principally deer , and the greenery on which they depended .

Around many forests and other parts of the country , parks were created to maintain areas of wood pasture for grazing animals and deer .
around many forests and other parts of the country , parks were created to [remain/keep] areas of wood pasture for grazing animals and deer .

It was part of a wider agricultural system with sheep pastured on the rich meadow grass then walked to be folded on fallow arable areas overnight , where their dung helped to maintain fertility on the thin chalkland soils .
it was part of a wider agricultural system with sheep pastured on the rich meadow grass then walked to be folded on fallow arable areas overnight , where their dung helped to [remain/keep] fertility on the thin chalkland soils .

James had been head shepherd and farm manager since her parents ' death , he had guided the young Iskandara through the pitfalls of estate management , helping her to hire and fire , to plant with trees the slopes that would not take sheep , to deal with poachers on the river , maintain the roads and fences .
james had been head shepherd and farm manager since her parents ' death , he had guided the young iskandara through the pitfalls of estate management , helping her to hire and fire , to plant with trees the slopes that would not take sheep , to deal with poachers on the river , [remain/keep] the roads and fences .

Women as much or more than men everywhere in the world — up to 13 hours more than men in Africa and Asia and very poor women are working 60–90 hours per week just to maintain their living standards of a decade ago .
women as much or more than men everywhere in the world — up to 13 hours more than men in africa and asia and very poor women are working 60–90 hours per week just to [remain/keep] their living standards of a decade ago .

Again , however , is there any reason why rangers or wardens could n't be employed , using subsidy money , to clean up litter and maintain the countryside in good order ?
again , however , is there any reason why rangers or wardens could n't be employed , using subsidy money , to clean up litter and [remain/keep] the countryside in good order ?

3 ) landowners and farmers to use farm subsidies to provide and maintain a network of paths , to convert buildings for overnight accommodation , and to employ wardens to care for the countryside ;
3 ) landowners and farmers to use farm subsidies to provide and [remain/keep] a network of paths , to convert buildings for overnight accommodation , and to employ wardens to care for the countryside ;

Johnson Matthey continues to set and maintain the highest quality standards which have been recognised by quality audits and awards by our customers worldwide .
johnson matthey continues to set and [remain/keep] the highest quality standards which have been recognised by quality audits and awards by our customers worldwide .

The rationalisation remits have been a notable success enabling Johnson Matthey to maintain growth in profits during a long and deep worldwide recession .
the rationalisation remits have been a notable success enabling johnson matthey to [remain/keep] growth in profits during a long and deep worldwide recession .

Design and maintain processes , facilities and equipment to ensure a safe working environment .
design and [remain/keep] processes , facilities and equipment to ensure a safe working environment .

Nithard thought a good king should be able to handle competing claims fairly , and maintain solidarity among nobles whose rivalries might otherwise tear the realm apart .
nithard thought a good king should be able to handle competing claims fairly , and [remain/keep] solidarity among nobles whose rivalries might otherwise tear the realm apart .

Assemblies were the pivot : so long as the king could secure attendance , he could refill his coffers , exercise patronage , and maintain consensus at the same time .
assemblies were the pivot : so long as the king could secure attendance , he could refill his coffers , exercise patronage , and [remain/keep] consensus at the same time .

Last but not least , he was able to maintain contact with his counts and missi through meetings at assemblies .
last but not least , he was able to [remain/keep] contact with his counts and missi through meetings at assemblies .

One was that patrimonies were not large enough to maintain several brothers in the style to which they were accustomed : perhaps because the survival of several brothers was becoming more common at this social level , noble younger brothers often had to seek their fortunes far afield , whether in an ecclesiastical or in a secular career .
one was that patrimonies were not large enough to [remain/keep] several brothers in the style to which they were accustomed : perhaps because the survival of several brothers was becoming more common at this social level , noble younger brothers often had to seek their fortunes far afield , whether in an ecclesiastical or in a secular career .

From below `` , provincial churchmen in the various kingdoms from time to time demanded authoritative rulings , arbitration , and leadership , to maintain their churches ' own new-won institutional integrity , or to fight more particular battles involving the interests of ecclesiastical individuals or groups ; and lay persons sought the pope 's protection . ``
from below `` , provincial churchmen in the various kingdoms from time to time demanded authoritative rulings , arbitration , and leadership , to [remain/keep] their churches ' own new-won institutional integrity , or to fight more particular battles involving the interests of ecclesiastical individuals or groups ; and lay persons sought the pope 's protection . ``

Presumably now , if not before , he was given the wherewithal to maintain a military retinue of his own .
presumably now , if not before , he was given the wherewithal to [remain/keep] a military retinue of his own .

One conclusion about loose coupling was that it `` helps to maintain the facade that formal structures are really working when they are not `` ( Hughes et al .
one conclusion about loose coupling was that it `` helps to [remain/keep] the facade that formal structures are really working when they are not `` ( hughes et al .

The achievement of all three aims would depend , to a large extent , on his ability to maintain the reputation for winning battles which had secured his appointment as military and political supremo .
the achievement of all three aims would depend , to a large extent , on his ability to [remain/keep] the reputation for winning battles which had secured his appointment as military and political supremo .

To hold the regime together , and maintain himself at its head , he manoeuvred not only to maximize his chances of material and territorial satisfaction , but also to avoid alienating from himself any of the factions within his regime , while , at the same time , bolstering his own hegemony by ensuring the persistence of competition between them .
to hold the regime together , and [remain/keep] himself at its head , he manoeuvred not only to maximize his chances of material and territorial satisfaction , but also to avoid alienating from himself any of the factions within his regime , while , at the same time , bolstering his own hegemony by ensuring the persistence of competition between them .

During the Second World War , in order to maintain Allied access to the Mediterranean , it had been enough to ensure Spain 's neutrality .
during the second world war , in order to [remain/keep] allied access to the mediterranean , it had been enough to ensure spain 's neutrality .

Determine the number of trains required to maintain a service between Glasgow and Edinburgh , based on the current timetable .
determine the number of trains required to [remain/keep] a service between glasgow and edinburgh , based on the current timetable .

It arises from the need to maintain law and order .
it arises from the need to [remain/keep] law and order .

Maintain confidentiality at all times and keep to the professional route outlined above .
[remain/keep] confidentiality at all times and keep to the professional route outlined above .

Registrants should maintain a current knowledge of the Council 's Bye–Laws and Rules .
registrants should [remain/keep] a current knowledge of the council 's bye–laws and rules .

Designers of plant , processes or systems of work must always take into account human fallibility and never presume that those who operate or maintain plant or systems have full and continuous appreciation of essential features .
designers of plant , processes or systems of work must always take into account human fallibility and never presume that those who operate or [remain/keep] plant or systems have full and continuous appreciation of essential features .

the usual practice for liners in the vicinity of ice in clear waters was ‘ to keep course , to maintain the speed and to trust a sharp look–out to enable them to avoid the danger ’
the usual practice for liners in the vicinity of ice in clear waters was ‘ to keep course , to [remain/keep] the speed and to trust a sharp look–out to enable them to avoid the danger ’

If we consider briefly the effect of bombing on that section of the community that was potentially the most vulnerable — the children we can see that again the effects varied . Studies and personal observations by teachers , social workers and school medical officers during the war emphasised the children 's remarkable ability to maintain emotional equilibrium if they remained in the company of cheerful parents : a typical report by one school medical officer to the Board of Education stated :
if we consider briefly the effect of bombing on that section of the community that was potentially the most vulnerable — the children we can see that again the effects varied . studies and personal observations by teachers , social workers and school medical officers during the war emphasised the children 's remarkable ability to [remain/keep] emotional equilibrium if they remained in the company of cheerful parents : a typical report by one school medical officer to the board of education stated :

Guided by these principles , the ‘ Beveridge plan ’ assumed that the government would provide family allowances , create a comprehensive health service and maintain full employment .
guided by these principles , the ‘ beveridge plan ’ assumed that the government would provide family allowances , create a comprehensive health service and [remain/keep] full employment .

The sterling crisis was a natural consequence of trying to maintain domestic demand without import controls ; the investors ' strike was due to unease about the social changes , including the effects of rapid inflation , which it was feared would result from the government 's restoration of full employment .
the sterling crisis was a natural consequence of trying to [remain/keep] domestic demand without import controls ; the investors ' strike was due to unease about the social changes , including the effects of rapid inflation , which it was feared would result from the government 's restoration of full employment .

We expect to maintain into the next century our North Sea production of more than half a million boe/d .
we expect to [remain/keep] into the next century our north sea production of more than half a million boe/d .

To maintain and review the operational practices in relation to change and development with the specialism .
to [remain/keep] and review the operational practices in relation to change and development with the specialism .

To perform the routine tasks of the section and maintain certain databases on the McDonnell Doublas system and several Personal Computer based systems .
to perform the routine tasks of the section and [remain/keep] certain databases on the mcdonnell doublas system and several personal computer based systems .

The weaknesses in the executive homes market and the rural move-up market led to lower sales than anticipated in Bryncliffe and Garland Ranch , whilst at Thornbury it was necessary to add incentives to a successful product in order to maintain sales momentum .
the weaknesses in the executive homes market and the rural move-up market led to lower sales than anticipated in bryncliffe and garland ranch , whilst at thornbury it was necessary to add incentives to a successful product in order to [remain/keep] sales momentum .

It will be essential for all of us to maintain the efforts to contain operating costs and to maximise our incomes .
it will be essential for all of us to [remain/keep] the efforts to contain operating costs and to maximise our incomes .

You can all see that it is imperative that we all maintain the efforts that have been successful in 1992 right through 1993 .
you can all see that it is imperative that we all [remain/keep] the efforts that have been successful in 1992 right through 1993 .

The goal is to achieve and maintain 100 % on time delivery and at the time of writing , Noble Metals had achieved a record of 277 straight on time deliveries !
the goal is to achieve and [remain/keep] 100 % on time delivery and at the time of writing , noble metals had achieved a record of 277 straight on time deliveries !

2.4 What consequences for syntax or morphological form does our distinction of adjectival use have ? Some may feel that differences of interpretation are all very well in their way ( though the present writer would maintain that they are of first-rank importance ) , but what is really wanted is a correlation or two with data that can be subjected ( in principle ) to some basic observational test , such as " Is this grammatical or not ? "
2.4 what consequences for syntax or morphological form does our distinction of adjectival use have ? some may feel that differences of interpretation are all very well in their way ( though the present writer would [remain/keep] that they are of first-rank importance ) , but what is really wanted is a correlation or two with data that can be subjected ( in principle ) to some basic observational test , such as " is this grammatical or not ? "

The princes needed to support the dominant imperial candidate to maintain and enhance their positions .
the princes needed to support the dominant imperial candidate to [remain/keep] and enhance their positions .

Otto was counselled by his supporters to return to Germany to maintain his position and to marry Beatrice the daughter of Philip of Swabia to whom he had been betrothed .
otto was counselled by his supporters to return to germany to [remain/keep] his position and to marry beatrice the daughter of philip of swabia to whom he had been betrothed .

Angevin interests lay in the support of the Welfs as the strongest power in north Germany , who might help them to maintain the crumbling Angevin empire .
angevin interests lay in the support of the welfs as the strongest power in north germany , who might help them to [remain/keep] the crumbling angevin empire .

This was to be pursued in three phases , starting with ( i ) the co-ordination of monetary policies among the member states , to be initiated by the formation of a council of central bank governors and aimed at achieving desirable fiscal limits and the liberalization of wages , prices , trade , financial and commercial policies ; this was to be followed by ( ii ) the requirement that those countries which had not yet achieved macro-economic stability maintain parities within an agreed band ; there would finally take place ( iii ) the creation of a Caribbean monetary authority with powers to issue a single currency .
this was to be pursued in three phases , starting with ( i ) the co-ordination of monetary policies among the member states , to be initiated by the formation of a council of central bank governors and aimed at achieving desirable fiscal limits and the liberalization of wages , prices , trade , financial and commercial policies ; this was to be followed by ( ii ) the requirement that those countries which had not yet achieved macro-economic stability [remain/keep] parities within an agreed band ; there would finally take place ( iii ) the creation of a caribbean monetary authority with powers to issue a single currency .

In a radio address broadcast early on May 22 President Ramaswamy Venkataraman urged people to `` maintain the utmost calm `` and `` not to allow passions to overtake them `` .
in a radio address broadcast early on may 22 president ramaswamy venkataraman urged people to `` [remain/keep] the utmost calm `` and `` not to allow passions to overtake them `` .

Prime Minister Petre Roman on April 29 proposed an extensive government reshuffle which he portrayed as the introduction of dynamic personalities to maintain the pace of economic reform , and which was interpreted by commentators as an assault on bureaucratic opposition to reform being encountered in several ministries .
prime minister petre roman on april 29 proposed an extensive government reshuffle which he portrayed as the introduction of dynamic personalities to [remain/keep] the pace of economic reform , and which was interpreted by commentators as an assault on bureaucratic opposition to reform being encountered in several ministries .

The Assembly resolved , for the first time , to eliminate leprosy as a public health problem by the year 2000 and called on the 93 countries where leprosy was endemic " to further increase or maintain their political commitment " to leprosy control .
the assembly resolved , for the first time , to eliminate leprosy as a public health problem by the year 2000 and called on the 93 countries where leprosy was endemic " to further increase or [remain/keep] their political commitment " to leprosy control .

It urged member states to develop national policies to maintain the balance between the urban population and infrastructure , and noted that from 1950 to 1990 the world 's urban population had almost tripled , from 734,000,000 to 2,390 million .
it urged member states to develop national policies to [remain/keep] the balance between the urban population and infrastructure , and noted that from 1950 to 1990 the world 's urban population had almost tripled , from 734,000,000 to 2,390 million .

On his departure , he accused the government of seeking to delay political reform and urged the church to maintain pressure on the regime of President Hastings Kamuzu Banda .
on his departure , he accused the government of seeking to delay political reform and urged the church to [remain/keep] pressure on the regime of president hastings kamuzu banda .

Unprecedented shortages of oil , grain and raw materials had been caused by Russia 's failure to maintain agreed supplies .
unprecedented shortages of oil , grain and raw materials had been caused by russia 's failure to [remain/keep] agreed supplies .

Expectations of an early cut in German interest rates were dampened after reports that Germany Finance Minister Theo Waigel and the president of the German Bundesbank , Helmut Schlesinger , had warned that continued inflationary pressures were likely to keep rates high in order to maintain a strong market .
expectations of an early cut in german interest rates were dampened after reports that germany finance minister theo waigel and the president of the german bundesbank , helmut schlesinger , had warned that continued inflationary pressures were likely to keep rates high in order to [remain/keep] a strong market .

As the government of President Paul Biya continued to resist demands for democratic reform , opposition groups decided on Aug. 12 to maintain their call for civil disobedience as part of their campaign for a national conference .
as the government of president paul biya continued to resist demands for democratic reform , opposition groups decided on aug. 12 to [remain/keep] their call for civil disobedience as part of their campaign for a national conference .

The crackdown provoked an international outcry , although this was greatly tempered by Western recognition of the need to maintain Soviet support for the campaign against Iraq in the Gulf war [ see pp .
the crackdown provoked an international outcry , although this was greatly tempered by western recognition of the need to [remain/keep] soviet support for the campaign against iraq in the gulf war [ see pp .

We will maintain our contact with the Soviet leadership to encourage continued commitment to democratization and reform .
we will [remain/keep] our contact with the soviet leadership to encourage continued commitment to democratization and reform .

On Jan. 22 the Supreme Court refused to allow the only all-male dining club at Princeton University to maintain its exclusion of women as members .
on jan. 22 the supreme court refused to allow the only all-male dining club at princeton university to [remain/keep] its exclusion of women as members .

Western reports ascribed the relatively light sentences for the better-known dissidents to a desire to maintain good relations with the United States and the European Communities following the relaxation of sanctions in late 1990 [ see pp .
western reports ascribed the relatively light sentences for the better-known dissidents to a desire to [remain/keep] good relations with the united states and the european communities following the relaxation of sanctions in late 1990 [ see pp .

The military intervention had followed a formal request by the Sind government on May 28 for the deployment of troops to maintain law and order under Article 147 of the Constitution , which guaranteed civilian supremacy .
the military intervention had followed a formal request by the sind government on may 28 for the deployment of troops to [remain/keep] law and order under article 147 of the constitution , which guaranteed civilian supremacy .

On June 3 Russian Defence Minister Gen. Pavel Grachev had threatened not to maintain military neutrality if Moldova were to begin combat actions against the 14th Army .
on june 3 russian defence minister gen. pavel grachev had threatened not to [remain/keep] military neutrality if moldova were to begin combat actions against the 14th army .

Most significantly , temporary emergency grants totalling £2,500,000 were made available to assist pension schemes unable to maintain pension payments .
most significantly , temporary emergency grants totalling £2,500,000 were made available to assist pension schemes unable to [remain/keep] pension payments .

He also warned of dire consequences such as hyper-inflation if the country failed to maintain a unified budget and a co-ordinated fiscal policy .
he also warned of dire consequences such as hyper-inflation if the country failed to [remain/keep] a unified budget and a co-ordinated fiscal policy .

The resolution would maintain a military imbalance which `` made Israel the dominant aggressive power in the region `` .
the resolution would [remain/keep] a military imbalance which `` made israel the dominant aggressive power in the region `` .

In order to maintain a balanced budget , a pillar of government policy , the loss of revenue from import duties was to be offset by an extension of the stamp tax on loans , to cover short-term foreign loans as well as domestic loans .
in order to [remain/keep] a balanced budget , a pillar of government policy , the loss of revenue from import duties was to be offset by an extension of the stamp tax on loans , to cover short-term foreign loans as well as domestic loans .

Counselling an overall growth rate of 5.5-6 per cent in the next five years , he said that the government would maintain subsidies for state-owned enterprises , accounting for one-third of the national budget .
counselling an overall growth rate of 5.5-6 per cent in the next five years , he said that the government would [remain/keep] subsidies for state-owned enterprises , accounting for one-third of the national budget .

Moldavia 's President Mircha Snegur on Oct. 22 appealed to the Gagauzes to cancel the elections , but on Oct. 23 the government raised tensions by ordering the formation of voluntary patrols `` to maintain public order and stabilize the socio-political situation `` .
moldavia 's president mircha snegur on oct. 22 appealed to the gagauzes to cancel the elections , but on oct. 23 the government raised tensions by ordering the formation of voluntary patrols `` to [remain/keep] public order and stabilize the socio-political situation `` .

The treaties also contained provisions relating to verification methods for arms controls treaties and to each country 's right to maintain intrusive , on-sight monitoring equipment at three sites in the other 's territory .
the treaties also contained provisions relating to verification methods for arms controls treaties and to each country 's right to [remain/keep] intrusive , on-sight monitoring equipment at three sites in the other 's territory .

The two sides also agreed to maintain border troops `` at a reasonable distance `` .
the two sides also agreed to [remain/keep] border troops `` at a reasonable distance `` .

Nevertheless , it was widely suspected that Thomas 's race was an important consideration in his nomination , for not only was it politically expedient to maintain a black representative on the Supreme Court , but to have secured confirmation from the Democrat-controlled Senate for a white male conservative would have been almost impossible .
nevertheless , it was widely suspected that thomas 's race was an important consideration in his nomination , for not only was it politically expedient to [remain/keep] a black representative on the supreme court , but to have secured confirmation from the democrat-controlled senate for a white male conservative would have been almost impossible .

In a commentary broadcast on July 16 , Tehran Radio said that the Damascus Declaration had become an " axis of discord within the Arab community " due to the pull of opposing forces representing Egypt 's claim to a prominent position in future Gulf politics , to United States determination to maintain its supremacy in the region and to the belief on the part of some Gulf Arabs that only a strictly regional system could guarantee their security .
in a commentary broadcast on july 16 , tehran radio said that the damascus declaration had become an " axis of discord within the arab community " due to the pull of opposing forces representing egypt 's claim to a prominent position in future gulf politics , to united states determination to [remain/keep] its supremacy in the region and to the belief on the part of some gulf arabs that only a strictly regional system could guarantee their security .

According to officials , the new policies would maintain the principle of social engineering but be less discriminatory against non-Malays , with the aim of benefiting all ethnic groups in the country and foreign investors .
according to officials , the new policies would [remain/keep] the principle of social engineering but be less discriminatory against non-malays , with the aim of benefiting all ethnic groups in the country and foreign investors .

The co-ordinating council of the officers ' assemblies set up in January [ see p. 38730 ] sent a message to the summit calling on delegates to agree on the draft proposals on military issues , to halt troop withdrawal from eastern Europe until social protection for servicemen could be assured , and to maintain the military at an adequate level for defence .
the co-ordinating council of the officers ' assemblies set up in january [ see p. 38730 ] sent a message to the summit calling on delegates to agree on the draft proposals on military issues , to halt troop withdrawal from eastern europe until social protection for servicemen could be assured , and to [remain/keep] the military at an adequate level for defence .

The Russian budget deficit was in danger of being inflated by measures forced on the government in order to maintain levels of social protection , and by lower tax revenues caused by non-payment .
the russian budget deficit was in danger of being inflated by measures forced on the government in order to [remain/keep] levels of social protection , and by lower tax revenues caused by non-payment .

Pensions would rise by 200 roubles per month , to bring them to a minimum of 550 roubles , which was the new estimated amount needed to maintain a minimum standard of living .
pensions would rise by 200 roubles per month , to bring them to a minimum of 550 roubles , which was the new estimated amount needed to [remain/keep] a minimum standard of living .

The 10-page document aimed to maintain Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , and contained no offer for a redeployment of Israeli troops stationed in the territories , although Israeli officials said that this could be considered later .
the 10-page document aimed to [remain/keep] jewish settlements in the west bank and gaza strip , and contained no offer for a redeployment of israeli troops stationed in the territories , although israeli officials said that this could be considered later .

Kaifu 's determination to maintain the exclusion of Recruit-tainted ministers was strengthened by the emergence in December of a fresh scandal .
kaifu 's determination to [remain/keep] the exclusion of recruit-tainted ministers was strengthened by the emergence in december of a fresh scandal .

He also vowed to maintain ties with the United States while continuing to improve relations with the Soviet Union .
he also vowed to [remain/keep] ties with the united states while continuing to improve relations with the soviet union .

Observers noted that the government appeared to have adopted a dual " soft-hard " approach , attempting to maintain strict control over the country , including the political system , the media and the economy , while giving some ground to calls for change .
observers noted that the government appeared to have adopted a dual " soft-hard " approach , attempting to [remain/keep] strict control over the country , including the political system , the media and the economy , while giving some ground to calls for change .

The government mobilized troops , ostensibly to maintain order and the running of public services .
the government mobilized troops , ostensibly to [remain/keep] order and the running of public services .

The meeting endorsed unanimously a resolution agreeing to maintain present high levels of production .
the meeting endorsed unanimously a resolution agreeing to [remain/keep] present high levels of production .

Speaking shortly after his reception by Indian Prime Minister Narasimha Rao on Dec. 5 , Koirala told a press conference that Nepal intended to maintain its neutrality and `` will not interfere in the internal affairs of Bhutan `` .
speaking shortly after his reception by indian prime minister narasimha rao on dec. 5 , koirala told a press conference that nepal intended to [remain/keep] its neutrality and `` will not interfere in the internal affairs of bhutan `` .

On July 4 the government drew up a budget for 1991 which was described officially as designed to curb inflation , reduce the budget deficit and maintain economic growth .
on july 4 the government drew up a budget for 1991 which was described officially as designed to curb inflation , reduce the budget deficit and [remain/keep] economic growth .

Chatichai had nevertheless made every effort to maintain traditional close relations with China , the principle patron of the Cambodian resistance .
chatichai had nevertheless made every effort to [remain/keep] traditional close relations with china , the principle patron of the cambodian resistance .

The government reviewed its relations with Taiwan , but decided to maintain its current policy of recognizing only the People 's Republic of China as the sole legitimate government of China , acknowledging China 's claim that Taiwan constituted a province of the mainland .
the government reviewed its relations with taiwan , but decided to [remain/keep] its current policy of recognizing only the people 's republic of china as the sole legitimate government of china , acknowledging china 's claim that taiwan constituted a province of the mainland .

Warning against forced assimilation into the dominant culture , it advocated the right to national and ethnic self-identity and the fostering of mother tongues , the right to maintain relations with mother countries and the right to create to local and national self-government .
warning against forced assimilation into the dominant culture , it advocated the right to national and ethnic self-identity and the fostering of mother tongues , the right to [remain/keep] relations with mother countries and the right to create to local and national self-government .

In his speech Shamir said that Israel should always maintain control over the occupied territories in order that future immigrants could be settled . ``
in his speech shamir said that israel should always [remain/keep] control over the occupied territories in order that future immigrants could be settled . ``

Kim Young Sam , who was due to begin his single five-year term of office on Feb. 25 , 1993 , promised to maintain many of the policies of his predecessor .
kim young sam , who was due to begin his single five-year term of office on feb. 25 , 1993 , promised to [remain/keep] many of the policies of his predecessor .

Despite his strong showings in New Hampshire and Georgia , Buchanan admitted that he needed to win a state in order to maintain the momentum of his campaign .
despite his strong showings in new hampshire and georgia , buchanan admitted that he needed to win a state in order to [remain/keep] the momentum of his campaign .

It sought , as the Collor government had done , to open up the economy to foreign competition ( a new round of import tariff cuts scheduled for Oct. 1 went ahead as scheduled ) and would maintain existing privatization and deregulation programmes , although the involvement of Congress was now expected when the privatization of `` strategic `` companies was contemplated .
it sought , as the collor government had done , to open up the economy to foreign competition ( a new round of import tariff cuts scheduled for oct. 1 went ahead as scheduled ) and would [remain/keep] existing privatization and deregulation programmes , although the involvement of congress was now expected when the privatization of `` strategic `` companies was contemplated .

The two Prime Ministers met at Kolodeje , east of Prague on Oct. 10 , and reached preliminary agreement to maintain a customs union , with provision for the duty-free exchange of goods between the republics , with effect from Oct. 28 , the 74th anniversary of the creation of Czechoslovakia .
the two prime ministers met at kolodeje , east of prague on oct. 10 , and reached preliminary agreement to [remain/keep] a customs union , with provision for the duty-free exchange of goods between the republics , with effect from oct. 28 , the 74th anniversary of the creation of czechoslovakia .

Japanese financial institutions had traditionally been allowed to declare their share portfolios as part of the capital reserves which they were obliged to maintain .
japanese financial institutions had traditionally been allowed to declare their share portfolios as part of the capital reserves which they were obliged to [remain/keep] .

France sought to maintain its contacts with north African countries during February .
france sought to [remain/keep] its contacts with north african countries during february .

Like its French counterpart , the Spanish government sought to maintain contacts with north African countries .
like its french counterpart , the spanish government sought to [remain/keep] contacts with north african countries .

The nine-country Commonwealth Committee on South Africa met in London on Feb. 16 and decided to maintain all Commonwealth trade , financial and sporting sanctions pending the adoption of concrete steps by Pretoria to end apartheid .
the nine-country commonwealth committee on south africa met in london on feb. 16 and decided to [remain/keep] all commonwealth trade , financial and sporting sanctions pending the adoption of concrete steps by pretoria to end apartheid .

They extended the treaty signed in 1977 upon independence , under which France guaranteed the country 's external security and was allowed to maintain military bases there .
they extended the treaty signed in 1977 upon independence , under which france guaranteed the country 's external security and was allowed to [remain/keep] military bases there .

Presenting it on Jan. 23 , Prime Minister Dimitur Popov complained that time wasted on partisan arguments about reforms during 1990 meant that the government would have to `` pursue a considerably more severe budget policy , maintain higher interest rates , and restrict incomes to a greater degree than in other countries `` .
presenting it on jan. 23 , prime minister dimitur popov complained that time wasted on partisan arguments about reforms during 1990 meant that the government would have to `` pursue a considerably more severe budget policy , [remain/keep] higher interest rates , and restrict incomes to a greater degree than in other countries `` .

It assists the production of social capital by helping to maintain and reproduce a healthy , productive and pliant labour force .
it assists the production of social capital by helping to [remain/keep] and reproduce a healthy , productive and pliant labour force .

It helps to maintain the legitimacy of existing social relations by relieving suffering and distress , promoting social harmony and caring for nonworking groups .
it helps to [remain/keep] the legitimacy of existing social relations by relieving suffering and distress , promoting social harmony and caring for nonworking groups .

In another sense , the boundaries between public and private are increasingly difficult to maintain .
in another sense , the boundaries between public and private are increasingly difficult to [remain/keep] .

Other displays , however , should be changed regularly in order to maintain enthusiasm .
other displays , however , should be changed regularly in order to [remain/keep] enthusiasm .

If on the other hand residential accommodation is granted for a term at a rent with exclusive possession , the landlord providing neither attendance nor services , the grant is a tenancy ; any express reservation to the landlord of limited rights to enter and view the state of the premises and to repair and maintain the premises only serves to emphasise the fact that the grantee is entitled to exclusive possession and is a tenant .
if on the other hand residential accommodation is granted for a term at a rent with exclusive possession , the landlord providing neither attendance nor services , the grant is a tenancy ; any express reservation to the landlord of limited rights to enter and view the state of the premises and to repair and [remain/keep] the premises only serves to emphasise the fact that the grantee is entitled to exclusive possession and is a tenant .

Further , there is an obligation upon landlords , of premises let for a term of less than seven years , to maintain in a state of repair the basic structure and services of the property :
further , there is an obligation upon landlords , of premises let for a term of less than seven years , to [remain/keep] in a state of repair the basic structure and services of the property :

( 2 ) The covenant implied by subsection ( 1 ) ( " the lessor 's repairing covenant " ) shall not be construed as requiring the lessor — ( a ) to carry out works or repairs for which the lessee is liable by virtue of his duty to use the premises in a tenant-like manner [ below ] , or would be so liable but for an express covenant on his part , ( b ) to rebuild or reinstate the premises in the case of destruction or damage by fire , or by tempest , flood or other inevitable accident , or ( c ) to keep in repair or maintain anything which the lessee is entitled to remove from the dwelling-house .
( 2 ) the covenant implied by subsection ( 1 ) ( " the lessor 's repairing covenant " ) shall not be construed as requiring the lessor — ( a ) to carry out works or repairs for which the lessee is liable by virtue of his duty to use the premises in a tenant-like manner [ below ] , or would be so liable but for an express covenant on his part , ( b ) to rebuild or reinstate the premises in the case of destruction or damage by fire , or by tempest , flood or other inevitable accident , or ( c ) to keep in repair or [remain/keep] anything which the lessee is entitled to remove from the dwelling-house .

It should be said , nevertheless , that powerful search techniques , across such large databases , will still only contribute effectively to your essay-writing or research if you maintain a clear sense of what you are looking for and why — a guiding principle which is itself independent of the technology .
it should be said , nevertheless , that powerful search techniques , across such large databases , will still only contribute effectively to your essay-writing or research if you [remain/keep] a clear sense of what you are looking for and why — a guiding principle which is itself independent of the technology .

Whatever choice you make stylistically , you need to maintain a register consistently , so that ( even though the register is selected and constructed ) it appears plausible as a `` genuine `` voice rather than merely an unstable , contrived style .
whatever choice you make stylistically , you need to [remain/keep] a register consistently , so that ( even though the register is selected and constructed ) it appears plausible as a `` genuine `` voice rather than merely an unstable , contrived style .

Eventually it will become necessary to carry out modernisation and replacement of key components to maintain performance , reliability and to meet current user expectation levels .
eventually it will become necessary to carry out modernisation and replacement of key components to [remain/keep] performance , reliability and to meet current user expectation levels .

The marketing department also ensures that the image and promotion standards set are applied consistently in order to maintain the strength and competitiveness of the trade name .
the marketing department also ensures that the image and promotion standards set are applied consistently in order to [remain/keep] the strength and competitiveness of the trade name .

Assuming that its purpose has been determined , once the machine arrives there are several steps that can be taken to maintain its good condition and ensure a long life .
assuming that its purpose has been determined , once the machine arrives there are several steps that can be taken to [remain/keep] its good condition and ensure a long life .

But there are now several recognised cooking methods that not only maintain the standards of traditional cooking , but improve on them .
but there are now several recognised cooking methods that not only [remain/keep] the standards of traditional cooking , but improve on them .

Our brief has been to provide distribution equipment that will maintain prepared food at the correct temperature to the point of consumption , so that the consumer receives optimum quality at the optimum levels of hygiene .
our brief has been to provide distribution equipment that will [remain/keep] prepared food at the correct temperature to the point of consumption , so that the consumer receives optimum quality at the optimum levels of hygiene .

Within a single interaction — say , a conversation — participants need not maintain an unvarying relationship among each other , the linguistic event , and the context ( both wide and narrow ) in which it takes place .
within a single interaction — say , a conversation — participants need not [remain/keep] an unvarying relationship among each other , the linguistic event , and the context ( both wide and narrow ) in which it takes place .

The occupiers had appointed a normally competent firm of engineers to maintain the lift .
the occupiers had appointed a normally competent firm of engineers to [remain/keep] the lift .

As Bertram is owed a duty of care , the Trust would appear to be in breach of duty by failing to maintain the boat , and Bertram has suffered damage as a result .
as bertram is owed a duty of care , the trust would appear to be in breach of duty by failing to [remain/keep] the boat , and bertram has suffered damage as a result .

The duty is to provide the necessary plant and equipment and take reasonable care to maintain it in proper condition .
the duty is to provide the necessary plant and equipment and take reasonable care to [remain/keep] it in proper condition .

Relations with Normandy were as important at the end as at the outset of Cnut 's reign , because his marriage to Emma ultimately failed to maintain the good relations with her kin necessitated by their sheltering of Edward and Alfred , her sons by Æthelred .
relations with normandy were as important at the end as at the outset of cnut 's reign , because his marriage to emma ultimately failed to [remain/keep] the good relations with her kin necessitated by their sheltering of edward and alfred , her sons by æthelred .

They maintain that these factors require markets to be backed by a set of institutional and cultural frameworks to correct for the inadequacies of the market , in particular the need for non-market based contracts and arrangements between economic agents .
they [remain/keep] that these factors require markets to be backed by a set of institutional and cultural frameworks to correct for the inadequacies of the market , in particular the need for non-market based contracts and arrangements between economic agents .

Overall , we found very strong support for the idea of basing the new qualifications on existing modular provision in Scotland , in order to maintain the coherence of our national qualifications framework .
overall , we found very strong support for the idea of basing the new qualifications on existing modular provision in scotland , in order to [remain/keep] the coherence of our national qualifications framework .

Thus , the legislation was extended to prohibit a supplier from imposing any contractual requirement upon a reseller to maintain prices , or from refusing to supply resellers where the basis for such refusal is that the resellers have been cutting prices .
thus , the legislation was extended to prohibit a supplier from imposing any contractual requirement upon a reseller to [remain/keep] prices , or from refusing to supply resellers where the basis for such refusal is that the resellers have been cutting prices .

If you are going to maintain a full employment policy you have to do your manpower planning with consummate skill .
if you are going to [remain/keep] a full employment policy you have to do your manpower planning with consummate skill .

To maintain the management culture , new ideas are thus injected into the company through new-manager training , the key course for first-time first-line managers .
to [remain/keep] the management culture , new ideas are thus injected into the company through new-manager training , the key course for first-time first-line managers .

The Society shall maintain a list containing the name , registered office and other place or places of business of every body for the time being recognised by the Council under these Rules , which list shall be available for inspection by the public .
the society shall [remain/keep] a list containing the name , registered office and other place or places of business of every body for the time being recognised by the council under these rules , which list shall be available for inspection by the public .

( s ) To support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the Company or its Directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the Company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been Directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the Company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the Company or the holding company of the Company or a fellow subsidiary of the Company or the predecessors in business of the Company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the Company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the Company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .
( s ) to support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the company or its directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the company or the holding company of the company or a fellow subsidiary of the company or the predecessors in business of the company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and [remain/keep] superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and [remain/keep] profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .

( s ) To support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the Company or its Directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the Company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been Directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the Company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the Company or the holding company of the Company or a fellow subsidiary of the Company or the predecessors in business of the Company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and maintain profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the Company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the Company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .
( s ) to support and subscribe to any charitable or public object and to support and subscribe to any institution , society , or club which may be for the benefit of the company or its directors or employees , or may be connected with any town or place where the company carried on business ; to give or award pensions , annuities , gratuities , and superannuation or other allowances or benefits or charitable aid and generally to provide advantages , facilities and services for any persons who are or have been directors of , or who are or have been employed by , or who are serving or have served the company , or any company which is a subsidiary of the company or the holding company of the company or a fellow subsidiary of the company or the predecessors in business of the company or of any such subsidiary , holding or fellow subsidiary company and to the wives , widows , children and other relatives and dependants of such persons ; to make payments towards insurance ; and to set up , establish , support and [remain/keep] superannuation and other fund or schemes ( whether contributory or non-contributory ) for the benefit of any such persons and of their wives , widows , children and their relatives and dependants ; and to set up , establish , support and [remain/keep] profit sharing schemes for the benefit of any of the employees of the company or share purchase schemes for the benefit of any of the solicitor or registered foreign lawyer employees of the company and to lend money to any such employees or to trustees on their behalf to enable any such purchase schemes to be established or maintained .

But by a proud assertion of `` independence `` , an eighteenth-century artisan more likely would have been referring to his ability to maintain a wife and family at a proper standard without recourse to charity or poor relief .
but by a proud assertion of `` independence `` , an eighteenth-century artisan more likely would have been referring to his ability to [remain/keep] a wife and family at a proper standard without recourse to charity or poor relief .

[ Around 1800 ] persons … were enabled by their skill and industry to maintain themselves and families in a state of comfort and respectability ; and to keep their own houses and pay taxes , scot and lot , and contribute towards the maintenance of other persons in their profession , who were either sick or in distress , so that it was scarcely known that any person in this trade ever applied for parochial relief .
[ around 1800 ] persons … were enabled by their skill and industry to [remain/keep] themselves and families in a state of comfort and respectability ; and to keep their own houses and pay taxes , scot and lot , and contribute towards the maintenance of other persons in their profession , who were either sick or in distress , so that it was scarcely known that any person in this trade ever applied for parochial relief .

Her family is described as `` infirm `` , and this may explain why even with two of her daughters grown women in their twenties the family was able to earn little , although it may also reflect the fact that earning opportunities for women were so poor that even able-bodied spinsters could not wholly maintain themselves .
her family is described as `` infirm `` , and this may explain why even with two of her daughters grown women in their twenties the family was able to earn little , although it may also reflect the fact that earning opportunities for women were so poor that even able-bodied spinsters could not wholly [remain/keep] themselves .

Its preamble stating that persons chargeable in their parish `` merely for want of work `` could in another place find `` sufficient employment as to be able to maintain themselves without being burthensome `` .
its preamble stating that persons chargeable in their parish `` merely for want of work `` could in another place find `` sufficient employment as to be able to [remain/keep] themselves without being burthensome `` .

The best that can be said for the education available for the children of the eighteenth-century poor is that it managed to maintain the levels of the later seventeenth century .
the best that can be said for the education available for the children of the eighteenth-century poor is that it managed to [remain/keep] the levels of the later seventeenth century .

Do the wages of these two great manufacturing centres indicate , along with the evidence from northern and Midland coalfields , that in the dynamic `` industrialising `` regions , nominal wages were buoyant enough to maintain or even improve real earnings from mid century through to the 1780s despite the burden of rising prices ?
do the wages of these two great manufacturing centres indicate , along with the evidence from northern and midland coalfields , that in the dynamic `` industrialising `` regions , nominal wages were buoyant enough to [remain/keep] or even improve real earnings from mid century through to the 1780s despite the burden of rising prices ?

It has been suggested that although some occupations in north Staffordshire experienced real-wage falls over the war years , these were generally of no more than 10 per cent , and it seems that colliers , like potters , were among the groups who could maintain living standards by working harder and longer , even if at times money wages lagged .
it has been suggested that although some occupations in north staffordshire experienced real-wage falls over the war years , these were generally of no more than 10 per cent , and it seems that colliers , like potters , were among the groups who could [remain/keep] living standards by working harder and longer , even if at times money wages lagged .

Even the most ardent advocates of exchange rate flexibility no longer maintain that it is feasible for a country to pursue independent policy objectives in isolation from the rest of the world .
even the most ardent advocates of exchange rate flexibility no longer [remain/keep] that it is feasible for a country to pursue independent policy objectives in isolation from the rest of the world .

The reason was that they could not resolve ambiguity between competing lexical interpretations on a word-by-word basis , and so had to maintain possible interpretations in a representation that was separate from the lexicon .
the reason was that they could not resolve ambiguity between competing lexical interpretations on a word-by-word basis , and so had to [remain/keep] possible interpretations in a representation that was separate from the lexicon .

To establish and maintain appropriate standards of competence for managers in the industry .
to establish and [remain/keep] appropriate standards of competence for managers in the industry .

To establish and maintain a library .
to establish and [remain/keep] a library .

These define the professional standards which members must maintain as a condition of membership .
these define the professional standards which members must [remain/keep] as a condition of membership .

Maintain a proper balance between the interests of employer or proprietor and customers , clients and suppliers .
[remain/keep] a proper balance between the interests of employer or proprietor and customers , clients and suppliers .

Maintain their standards of professional competence , knowledge and skill .
[remain/keep] their standards of professional competence , knowledge and skill .

We maintain files on all major companies within the industry along with their latest company reports .
we [remain/keep] files on all major companies within the industry along with their latest company reports .

The fabliaux do , however , maintain a number of prominent characteristics that can be called `` realistic `` .
the fabliaux do , however , [remain/keep] a number of prominent characteristics that can be called `` realistic `` .

Like Margery in Dame Sirith , he can not maintain the courtly role he attempts to appropriate , and cuts a most unimpressive figure .
like margery in dame sirith , he can not [remain/keep] the courtly role he attempts to appropriate , and cuts a most unimpressive figure .

As a service organisation , The Catering Guild depends entirely on the quality of its staff to maintain its own high ideals and , to help them recruit the very best people , it offers attractive terms and conditions — higher than the average rates of pay , Christmas bonuses , paid holiday from year one and superb training .
as a service organisation , the catering guild depends entirely on the quality of its staff to [remain/keep] its own high ideals and , to help them recruit the very best people , it offers attractive terms and conditions — higher than the average rates of pay , christmas bonuses , paid holiday from year one and superb training .

We are witnessing the emergence of a new generation of managers who can create and sustain successful business environments ; who can set directions and define roles and authority ; who can nurture the skills of their team ; and who can maintain a balance between strict controls and the flexibility needed to respond to market conditions and opportunities .
we are witnessing the emergence of a new generation of managers who can create and sustain successful business environments ; who can set directions and define roles and authority ; who can nurture the skills of their team ; and who can [remain/keep] a balance between strict controls and the flexibility needed to respond to market conditions and opportunities .

Welcome and maintain personal contact with all Qualified Teachers .
welcome and [remain/keep] personal contact with all qualified teachers .

We urgently need more teachers for without them our work will not spread or even maintain its present level . Each year we naturally lose a few active teachers through ill-health , retirement or when having babies !
we urgently need more teachers for without them our work will not spread or even [remain/keep] its present level . each year we naturally lose a few active teachers through ill-health , retirement or when having babies !

Pedxing , No Shoulder , Unlawful To Cross White Line , Traffic Laws Strictly Enforced , Stay In Lane , Upgrade Maintain Speed .
pedxing , no shoulder , unlawful to cross white line , traffic laws strictly enforced , stay in lane , upgrade [remain/keep] speed .

The teacher can remain facing the class , so it is easier for him to maintain attention .
the teacher can remain facing the class , so it is easier for him to [remain/keep] attention .

9 Be friendly but maintain " authority " during lesson .
9 be friendly but [remain/keep] " authority " during lesson .

The next Bishop of Rochester to reside here at Halling was Laurence but this is not to say that the palace was vacant during these intervening years for as we have noticed earlier monks of Rochester lived here for periods with possibly a steward to maintain the household .
the next bishop of rochester to reside here at halling was laurence but this is not to say that the palace was vacant during these intervening years for as we have noticed earlier monks of rochester lived here for periods with possibly a steward to [remain/keep] the household .

Usually we seek to maintain the bridge from the old to the new on the grounds that this gives security .
usually we seek to [remain/keep] the bridge from the old to the new on the grounds that this gives security .

No one was really sorry to see her go as she was very expensive to maintain and had never been very effective as a revenue vessel .
no one was really sorry to see her go as she was very expensive to [remain/keep] and had never been very effective as a revenue vessel .

By this time the cutters were being kept in commission throughout the year , the practice of laying them in winter had been abandoned so that more crews were needed to maintain continuity .
by this time the cutters were being kept in commission throughout the year , the practice of laying them in winter had been abandoned so that more crews were needed to [remain/keep] continuity .

Apart from the difficult steering in a heavy following sea our suspect could maintain only a speed of about five knots .
apart from the difficult steering in a heavy following sea our suspect could [remain/keep] only a speed of about five knots .

Intestinal epithelial cells must also maintain homeostasis in the face of varying rates of transepithelial NaCl transport .
intestinal epithelial cells must also [remain/keep] homeostasis in the face of varying rates of transepithelial nacl transport .

However , for epithelial cells to maintain their volume through varying rates of transepithelial transport , net ion fluxes across the apical membrane must balance those across the basolateral membrane .
however , for epithelial cells to [remain/keep] their volume through varying rates of transepithelial transport , net ion fluxes across the apical membrane must balance those across the basolateral membrane .

It may be the result of inability to maintain a constant frequency of electrical control activity and this may be due to the effects of muscle disease on groups of muscle cells producing populations with altered frequencies .
it may be the result of inability to [remain/keep] a constant frequency of electrical control activity and this may be due to the effects of muscle disease on groups of muscle cells producing populations with altered frequencies .

Maintain your dignity under all circumstances .
[remain/keep] your dignity under all circumstances .

Maintain all equipment in good order .
[remain/keep] all equipment in good order .

Before each experiment , the animals were fasted for around 18 hours and placed in individual ( Bollman type ) cages to maintain the minimum restraint necessary .
before each experiment , the animals were fasted for around 18 hours and placed in individual ( bollman type ) cages to [remain/keep] the minimum restraint necessary .

Thus , the carcinogenic effects of a high consumption of dietary fat may be more readily produced in subjects who maintain lowered cholesterol concentrations by showing an inherently greater conversion rate to bile acids than the rest of the population .
thus , the carcinogenic effects of a high consumption of dietary fat may be more readily produced in subjects who [remain/keep] lowered cholesterol concentrations by showing an inherently greater conversion rate to bile acids than the rest of the population .

Some authors maintain that effective gastrectomy is essential for cure , while others suggest that surgery alone is insufficient and a combination of chemotherapy and surgery is better .
some authors [remain/keep] that effective gastrectomy is essential for cure , while others suggest that surgery alone is insufficient and a combination of chemotherapy and surgery is better .

We maintain a high level of capital expenditure to improve productivity and quality in production and packaging , exemplified by the investment of more than 200 million in Scotland and Spain over the next three years .
we [remain/keep] a high level of capital expenditure to improve productivity and quality in production and packaging , exemplified by the investment of more than 200 million in scotland and spain over the next three years .

Therefore , as the firm takes on more of the cheaper form of financing , debt , the cost of equity should rise so as to offset the advantage and maintain a constant cost of capital regardless of the debt — equity ratio .
therefore , as the firm takes on more of the cheaper form of financing , debt , the cost of equity should rise so as to offset the advantage and [remain/keep] a constant cost of capital regardless of the debt — equity ratio .

The important result is that in an uncertain world companies like to maintain a stable payout ratio over the long run .
the important result is that in an uncertain world companies like to [remain/keep] a stable payout ratio over the long run .

Some current assets are by nature needed to maintain the company operations and would not normally be available to meet short-term obligations . The ratio measuring this ability , often called the ‘ acid test ’ is
some current assets are by nature needed to [remain/keep] the company operations and would not normally be available to meet short-term obligations . the ratio measuring this ability , often called the ‘ acid test ’ is

In setting up the scheme , care must be taken to judge the range and slopes of the lines so as to maintain the desired balance in the minds of the contractor 's engineers .
in setting up the scheme , care must be taken to judge the range and slopes of the lines so as to [remain/keep] the desired balance in the minds of the contractor 's engineers .

Task : Maintain task data
task : [remain/keep] task data

Choose ‘ Task ’ from the Main Menu to enter and maintain tasks in the project .
choose ‘ task ’ from the main menu to enter and [remain/keep] tasks in the project .

Cites officials maintain that a complete ban will not work and suggest strengthening the present control system through a variety of measures : controls on worked ivory ; regulation of domestic manufacturing and retail industries ; the registration of dealers ; and greater trade analysis and monitoring .
cites officials [remain/keep] that a complete ban will not work and suggest strengthening the present control system through a variety of measures : controls on worked ivory ; regulation of domestic manufacturing and retail industries ; the registration of dealers ; and greater trade analysis and monitoring .

When they met under similar circumstances five years ago , to debate the same contentious issue , of whether or not to maintain playing links with South Africa , there was overwhelming support for the Springboks .
when they met under similar circumstances five years ago , to debate the same contentious issue , of whether or not to [remain/keep] playing links with south africa , there was overwhelming support for the springboks .

‘ Much of that which is in use is obsolete and expensive to maintain .
‘ much of that which is in use is obsolete and expensive to [remain/keep] .

The contrary view is that a huge capital investment will have to be made soon to maintain buildings and provide equipment .
the contrary view is that a huge capital investment will have to be made soon to [remain/keep] buildings and provide equipment .

Jose Ramon , a new chef who arrived at the Guernica two months ago , will hopefully maintain these high standards .
jose ramon , a new chef who arrived at the guernica two months ago , will hopefully [remain/keep] these high standards .

Normal individuals maintain the concentration of blood sugar at a constant level by their own insulin , which causes cells in muscle , liver and fatty tissue — target cells — to take up excess circulating sugar and store it .
normal individuals [remain/keep] the concentration of blood sugar at a constant level by their own insulin , which causes cells in muscle , liver and fatty tissue — target cells — to take up excess circulating sugar and store it .

No , the problem was banks were giving away their commissions to investors as inducements to buy expensively-priced bonds , the result of new issues arranged by banks desperate to maintain market share .
no , the problem was banks were giving away their commissions to investors as inducements to buy expensively-priced bonds , the result of new issues arranged by banks desperate to [remain/keep] market share .

As head of this embodiment of pluralism in a one-party state , his job was to ensure the communists got the required 99 per cent vote at elections and to maintain some semblance of a dialogue with people in the grey area between loyalty and opposition .
as head of this embodiment of pluralism in a one-party state , his job was to ensure the communists got the required 99 per cent vote at elections and to [remain/keep] some semblance of a dialogue with people in the grey area between loyalty and opposition .

But it takes resolute , technologically aware safety management and regulation to maintain them .
but it takes resolute , technologically aware safety management and regulation to [remain/keep] them .

Mario Aresti , finance director , said the erosion in margins was due equally to increased production costs and attempts to maintain volume sales .
mario aresti , finance director , said the erosion in margins was due equally to increased production costs and attempts to [remain/keep] volume sales .

One of the former Scotland manager 's old teams , Airdrie , visit Somerset Park today — on a day when the Premier Division clubs have no matches as Scotland play on Wednesday — lying third in the First Division and keen to maintain form which has helped them overcome an uncertain beginning .
one of the former scotland manager 's old teams , airdrie , visit somerset park today — on a day when the premier division clubs have no matches as scotland play on wednesday — lying third in the first division and keen to [remain/keep] form which has helped them overcome an uncertain beginning .

One of the evolutionary advantages of segmentation ( the division of the body into a series of similar parts ) is that it becomes possible to maintain an old function and acquire a new one simultaneously , by modifying the organs of one segment while leaving those of another unchanged .
one of the evolutionary advantages of segmentation ( the division of the body into a series of similar parts ) is that it becomes possible to [remain/keep] an old function and acquire a new one simultaneously , by modifying the organs of one segment while leaving those of another unchanged .

Switches of this kind maintain the stability of complex metabolic systems without altering the numbers or kinds of enzyme molecules present .
switches of this kind [remain/keep] the stability of complex metabolic systems without altering the numbers or kinds of enzyme molecules present .

Under Biset 's orders they were to search for the evildoers and those who harboured them , and do whatever was necessary to maintain the king 's peace in those parts .
under biset 's orders they were to search for the evildoers and those who harboured them , and do whatever was necessary to [remain/keep] the king 's peace in those parts .

The Council commanded the warden to cease these unlawful practices , and to reduce his foresters to six , which he was to maintain himself .
the council commanded the warden to cease these unlawful practices , and to reduce his foresters to six , which he was to [remain/keep] himself .

The intervals between Forest Eyres were too long to maintain effective control over such men : nevertheless when the Forest Eyres were held they frequently resulted in the conviction of the foresters of fee of serious misconduct , and in their amercement , forfeiture of office , and even imprisonment .
the intervals between forest eyres were too long to [remain/keep] effective control over such men : nevertheless when the forest eyres were held they frequently resulted in the conviction of the foresters of fee of serious misconduct , and in their amercement , forfeiture of office , and even imprisonment .

Complaint was frequently made that excessive numbers of underforesters were appointed , and that they levied oppressive exactions to maintain themselves and the grooms or pages by whom they were accompanied .
complaint was frequently made that excessive numbers of underforesters were appointed , and that they levied oppressive exactions to [remain/keep] themselves and the grooms or pages by whom they were accompanied .

She seems to have been wholly unaware that she was in fact queen of a kingdom with a justifiably high opinion of itself — so much so that it is actually supremely ironic that Mary , brought up in one of the greatest of European countries , should have found this one , smaller , but passionately European , so much less interesting and appealing than the kingdom of England , not only Scotland 's traditional enemy , but already beginning the descent into the isolation which it was to maintain for much of the seventeenth century .
she seems to have been wholly unaware that she was in fact queen of a kingdom with a justifiably high opinion of itself — so much so that it is actually supremely ironic that mary , brought up in one of the greatest of european countries , should have found this one , smaller , but passionately european , so much less interesting and appealing than the kingdom of england , not only scotland 's traditional enemy , but already beginning the descent into the isolation which it was to [remain/keep] for much of the seventeenth century .

These five people promised ‘ before the Majesty of God and his congregation to … maintain , set forward and establish the most blessed word of God and his Congregation … and forsake and renounce the congregation of Satan , with all the superstitions , abominations and idolatry thereof … ’ .
these five people promised ‘ before the majesty of god and his congregation to … [remain/keep] , set forward and establish the most blessed word of god and his congregation … and forsake and renounce the congregation of satan , with all the superstitions , abominations and idolatry thereof … ’ .

For a time the eastern empire was able to maintain itself in Italy , but thereafter the popes had to look to the new Frankish power in the north for their temporal defences .
for a time the eastern empire was able to [remain/keep] itself in italy , but thereafter the popes had to look to the new frankish power in the north for their temporal defences .

Fru Møller , who resented the embargo on her taste within the house , and frequently complained of the frustration she endured at having to maintain the past in all its detail , enjoyed the discipline the White Garden imposed , the contacts that it brought her in the gardening world , and the admiration its unusual beauty reflected upon her .
fru møller , who resented the embargo on her taste within the house , and frequently complained of the frustration she endured at having to [remain/keep] the past in all its detail , enjoyed the discipline the white garden imposed , the contacts that it brought her in the gardening world , and the admiration its unusual beauty reflected upon her .

Both Parker and Spurgeon were able to maintain elegant homes and a carriage and pair which took them to their respective chapels .
both parker and spurgeon were able to [remain/keep] elegant homes and a carriage and pair which took them to their respective chapels .

It was a Nonconformist shipowner , Sir Christopher Furness , who warned that England must realize that ‘ we are neither omnipotent nor omniscient , that as our fathers have struggled to obtain supremacy , so we their sons must struggle to maintain it ’ .
it was a nonconformist shipowner , sir christopher furness , who warned that england must realize that ‘ we are neither omnipotent nor omniscient , that as our fathers have struggled to obtain supremacy , so we their sons must struggle to [remain/keep] it ’ .

They can vary in length , weight and continuity , but their direction should never be in doubt , if they are to maintain a co-ordinated space and time .
they can vary in length , weight and continuity , but their direction should never be in doubt , if they are to [remain/keep] a co-ordinated space and time .

If the corners are fixed and immoveable , then the square will appear to maintain its rigid shape until it bursts .
if the corners are fixed and immoveable , then the square will appear to [remain/keep] its rigid shape until it bursts .

This group wished to maintain and increase the evangelical religious element in ‘ Protestantism ’ .
this group wished to [remain/keep] and increase the evangelical religious element in ‘ protestantism ’ .

Many critics of the Orange state suppose that unionists followed the politics they did in order to maintain and increase their material position at the expense of the Catholic nationalist population .
many critics of the orange state suppose that unionists followed the politics they did in order to [remain/keep] and increase their material position at the expense of the catholic nationalist population .

It is Protestant perceptions which explain their actions and those perceptions were amplifying the fundamental divisions between those unionists who remained committed to pragmatic reform , either because they believed in liberal unionism or because they believed that satisfying the Westminster government 's demands for reform was the only way to maintain Stormont , and the right-wingers who wanted to preserve traditional unionism .
it is protestant perceptions which explain their actions and those perceptions were amplifying the fundamental divisions between those unionists who remained committed to pragmatic reform , either because they believed in liberal unionism or because they believed that satisfying the westminster government 's demands for reform was the only way to [remain/keep] stormont , and the right-wingers who wanted to preserve traditional unionism .

Wylie 's desire to maintain a more traditional notion of religion as a matter of truth and falsity ( where those with the truth have an obligation publicly to denounce falsity ) brought him into conflict with the state and he responded to that challenge by standing for election to the council .
wylie 's desire to [remain/keep] a more traditional notion of religion as a matter of truth and falsity ( where those with the truth have an obligation publicly to denounce falsity ) brought him into conflict with the state and he responded to that challenge by standing for election to the council .

It will be said that children should maintain their innocence and should be protected from such distressing subjects as bereavement .
it will be said that children should [remain/keep] their innocence and should be protected from such distressing subjects as bereavement .

Similarly , if parents lose a daughter , do they maintain contact with their erstwhile son-in-law if he marries again , or was their contact really only through their daughter ?
similarly , if parents lose a daughter , do they [remain/keep] contact with their erstwhile son-in-law if he marries again , or was their contact really only through their daughter ?

In subsequent speeches the same day , Hitler exhorted the Party and nation to maintain discipline , and not to depart from the path of legality in the matter .
in subsequent speeches the same day , hitler exhorted the party and nation to [remain/keep] discipline , and not to depart from the path of legality in the matter .

Without wanting to appear too sanguine , and without trivializing the persistent phenomenon of right-wing extremism and the need to maintain vigilance against it , the full realization of the responsibility which Hitler bears for the untold agonies suffered by millions has so discredited everything he stood for in the eyes of sane persons everywhere that , except in circumstances beyond the scope of our realistic imagination , it is difficult to see that there could be a resurrection or a new variant of the once-mighty ‘ Hitler myth ’ , with its power to capture the imagination of millions .
without wanting to appear too sanguine , and without trivializing the persistent phenomenon of right-wing extremism and the need to [remain/keep] vigilance against it , the full realization of the responsibility which hitler bears for the untold agonies suffered by millions has so discredited everything he stood for in the eyes of sane persons everywhere that , except in circumstances beyond the scope of our realistic imagination , it is difficult to see that there could be a resurrection or a new variant of the once-mighty ‘ hitler myth ’ , with its power to capture the imagination of millions .

The churches in the great cities like Rome acquired resources to maintain the clergy , initially paid on a dividend basis from the monthly total of offerings , and the very poor or oppressed .
the churches in the great cities like rome acquired resources to [remain/keep] the clergy , initially paid on a dividend basis from the monthly total of offerings , and the very poor or oppressed .

Kylie has managed to maintain her sense of humour because she more than anyone understands that in her business it is better to be written about than to be ignored .
kylie has managed to [remain/keep] her sense of humour because she more than anyone understands that in her business it is better to be written about than to be ignored .

‘ As long as she can maintain the ability to keep moving forward that fast and stay ahead of the game , she is winning .
‘ as long as she can [remain/keep] the ability to keep moving forward that fast and stay ahead of the game , she is winning .

Lord ‘ Bertie ’ Denham , the bluff and genial Chief Whip who floated between the Lords , White 's and Pratt 's proffering a glass of whisky to any peer tempted to vote against a government bill , likes to maintain that there is no inbuilt Conservative majority in the Lords , and during the first two Thatcher terms the government did indeed lose 111 votes .
lord ‘ bertie ’ denham , the bluff and genial chief whip who floated between the lords , white 's and pratt 's proffering a glass of whisky to any peer tempted to vote against a government bill , likes to [remain/keep] that there is no inbuilt conservative majority in the lords , and during the first two thatcher terms the government did indeed lose 111 votes .

It is simply because most diets involve immense change in eating habits and usually some degree of hunger ; they are too difficult for most people to maintain long enough to become slim .
it is simply because most diets involve immense change in eating habits and usually some degree of hunger ; they are too difficult for most people to [remain/keep] long enough to become slim .

The more you diet , the less food you will need to maintain you .
the more you diet , the less food you will need to [remain/keep] you .

Therefore when you finish a diet , returning to eating an average amount , the amount you used to eat to maintain a constant weight , will result in you putting on fat .
therefore when you finish a diet , returning to eating an average amount , the amount you used to eat to [remain/keep] a constant weight , will result in you putting on fat .

Nor will you have to be running marathons or plunging into the swimming pool every day in order to maintain a reasonable level of exercise to speed weight loss and keep metabolic rate high .
nor will you have to be running marathons or plunging into the swimming pool every day in order to [remain/keep] a reasonable level of exercise to speed weight loss and keep metabolic rate high .

If you carefully plan a new health regime that slowly introduces slight modifications to your usual meals , perhaps to try different ways of cooking food , to have slightly larger portions of vegetables and fruit , you will eventually find that your food preferences change slightly , enough to tip the balance from an unhealthy diet ( too high in fat and sugar , too low in fibre ) , to a healthy one that will help you attain and then maintain a slim figure .
if you carefully plan a new health regime that slowly introduces slight modifications to your usual meals , perhaps to try different ways of cooking food , to have slightly larger portions of vegetables and fruit , you will eventually find that your food preferences change slightly , enough to tip the balance from an unhealthy diet ( too high in fat and sugar , too low in fibre ) , to a healthy one that will help you attain and then [remain/keep] a slim figure .

Good weight control must be coupled with good nutrition and adequate exercise to maintain muscle tone .
good weight control must be coupled with good nutrition and adequate exercise to [remain/keep] muscle tone .

In fact ( the myth persists ) , even if the slim person does not especially like these foods , he or she sticks with them for a large part of the time in order to maintain a trim figure .
in fact ( the myth persists ) , even if the slim person does not especially like these foods , he or she sticks with them for a large part of the time in order to [remain/keep] a trim figure .

To maintain fibre intake at an adequate level , it is best to have carbohydrate foods in ‘ whole ’ form .
to [remain/keep] fibre intake at an adequate level , it is best to have carbohydrate foods in ‘ whole ’ form .

It is necessary , even if you are trying to lose weight , to maintain adequate carbohydrate and fibre levels .
it is necessary , even if you are trying to lose weight , to [remain/keep] adequate carbohydrate and fibre levels .

If you are eating enough of these kinds of food to maintain appropriate weight ( or , if you are overweight , to lose weight slowly ) then you should automatically be getting enough vitamins and minerals .
if you are eating enough of these kinds of food to [remain/keep] appropriate weight ( or , if you are overweight , to lose weight slowly ) then you should automatically be getting enough vitamins and minerals .

Salt is needed to maintain a good water balance in the body , and also for activity of muscle and nerve tissues .
salt is needed to [remain/keep] a good water balance in the body , and also for activity of muscle and nerve tissues .

If your food and drink supplies you with exactly enough fuel to maintain your body 's activities ( the energy required to keep the vital functions going , and also for muscular work ) then you will stay at a constant weight .
if your food and drink supplies you with exactly enough fuel to [remain/keep] your body 's activities ( the energy required to keep the vital functions going , and also for muscular work ) then you will stay at a constant weight .

Ideally , if you are overweight you will eat slightly less than is necessary to maintain a constant body weight .
ideally , if you are overweight you will eat slightly less than is necessary to [remain/keep] a constant body weight .

Many individuals , once they leave school , do too little exercise to keep healthy and to maintain good weight control .
many individuals , once they leave school , do too little exercise to keep healthy and to [remain/keep] good weight control .

You can see that there are plenty of reasons to maintain a reasonable level of exercise .
you can see that there are plenty of reasons to [remain/keep] a reasonable level of exercise .

If you want to get the most out of life you need to maintain a certain level of muscular stamina .
if you want to get the most out of life you need to [remain/keep] a certain level of muscular stamina .

It is important that you do your chosen exercise at a pace that makes you slightly breathless and increases your heart rate , but not so much that you can not maintain the exercise for at least twenty or thirty minutes .
it is important that you do your chosen exercise at a pace that makes you slightly breathless and increases your heart rate , but not so much that you can not [remain/keep] the exercise for at least twenty or thirty minutes .

It is necessary for everyone , male or female , to maintain adequate muscle strength .
it is necessary for everyone , male or female , to [remain/keep] adequate muscle strength .

Also , this is not the most efficient way to build up and maintain a reasonable level of physical fitness .
also , this is not the most efficient way to build up and [remain/keep] a reasonable level of physical fitness .

Good examples of activities to maintain motivation are collecting inspiring dieting case histories from slimming magazines ; going out to buy a dress one size smaller than your present size ; looking at charts and graphs that show good overall weight loss over a period of time .
good examples of activities to [remain/keep] motivation are collecting inspiring dieting case histories from slimming magazines ; going out to buy a dress one size smaller than your present size ; looking at charts and graphs that show good overall weight loss over a period of time .

Meeting others in the same position , having a chat with friends about dieting endeavours , these things help to maintain motivation .
meeting others in the same position , having a chat with friends about dieting endeavours , these things help to [remain/keep] motivation .

Think about the antecedent events most conducive to exercise , and the rewards most likely to maintain it .
think about the antecedent events most conducive to exercise , and the rewards most likely to [remain/keep] it .

To maintain motivation and strengthen will-power you can use simple , practical aids to monitor progress and highlight the changes that have happened while you have been losing weight .
to [remain/keep] motivation and strengthen will-power you can use simple , practical aids to monitor progress and highlight the changes that have happened while you have been losing weight .

This should help motivate you to maintain your change .
this should help motivate you to [remain/keep] your change .

They were , nonetheless , a sociable and solidary regiment of some strength and purpose , able to evolve a view of issues and to maintain a consensus .
they were , nonetheless , a sociable and solidary regiment of some strength and purpose , able to evolve a view of issues and to [remain/keep] a consensus .

Zuwaya probably used marriages to create alliances with members of other lineages living in the same place , and to maintain connection with members of the same lineage living in different places , even though they did not feel the same ecological pressures as the members of the Saadi confederation .
zuwaya probably used marriages to create alliances with members of other lineages living in the same place , and to [remain/keep] connection with members of the same lineage living in different places , even though they did not feel the same ecological pressures as the members of the saadi confederation .

But they did not maintain an image ; or at least , not until an outsider pressed them , assembled one from what he thought were the parts , tried it out on them and modified it to accommodate their comments and additional information .
but they did not [remain/keep] an image ; or at least , not until an outsider pressed them , assembled one from what he thought were the parts , tried it out on them and modified it to accommodate their comments and additional information .

Outcomes were the result of lawful and just action , not of a practical struggle to maintain rights and to enforce claims .
outcomes were the result of lawful and just action , not of a practical struggle to [remain/keep] rights and to enforce claims .

Moreover , to maintain a tribe in being has always required acts of will , occasionally of violence , and to think of tribes as in some sense natural phenomena , inert until a civilizing , modernizing process is forced upon them , is to succumb to ideology .
moreover , to [remain/keep] a tribe in being has always required acts of will , occasionally of violence , and to think of tribes as in some sense natural phenomena , inert until a civilizing , modernizing process is forced upon them , is to succumb to ideology .

The argument is that it was easier for them to maintain the part of their image of statelessness which consisted of ‘ how we have always done things ’ , than it would have been if they had individually moved into town and settled into a bidonville .
the argument is that it was easier for them to [remain/keep] the part of their image of statelessness which consisted of ‘ how we have always done things ’ , than it would have been if they had individually moved into town and settled into a bidonville .

Slowly , so as to maintain control , she continued her oral investigations of Nathan 's body , noting the different tastes and smells of arms , belly , genitals , thighs .
slowly , so as to [remain/keep] control , she continued her oral investigations of nathan 's body , noting the different tastes and smells of arms , belly , genitals , thighs .

Is that not a crushing answer to those who would maintain that Miller and myself live in the same flat ? Does this not silence them ?
is that not a crushing answer to those who would [remain/keep] that miller and myself live in the same flat ? does this not silence them ?

Secret Service teams maintain a guard on all former presidents during their retirement .
secret service teams [remain/keep] a guard on all former presidents during their retirement .

Mr Major has decided to maintain what Downing Street sources called ‘ a core of competence and experience ’ by keeping Douglas Hurd and Norman Lamont as Foreign Secretary and Chancellor .
mr major has decided to [remain/keep] what downing street sources called ‘ a core of competence and experience ’ by keeping douglas hurd and norman lamont as foreign secretary and chancellor .

The Government will maintain resistance to farm reforms which it believes discriminate against large British concerns .
the government will [remain/keep] resistance to farm reforms which it believes discriminate against large british concerns .

The winning margin of more than 3,000 , after the Liberal Democrats failed to maintain their brisk early pace , surprised even the Tory camp .
the winning margin of more than 3,000 , after the liberal democrats failed to [remain/keep] their brisk early pace , surprised even the tory camp .

Midland also admitted failing to supervise the fund managers to prevent them concentrating their stock holdings too narrowly and that it failed to maintain a register of the holders of six of the trusts or the amount of their holdings .
midland also admitted failing to supervise the fund managers to prevent them concentrating their stock holdings too narrowly and that it failed to [remain/keep] a register of the holders of six of the trusts or the amount of their holdings .

At the same time , the protectorate 's authorities want to maintain high standards of financial propriety with strict rules .
at the same time , the protectorate 's authorities want to [remain/keep] high standards of financial propriety with strict rules .

Throughout he had kept Orrell , beaten only once previously in the League this season , on course to maintain their title challenge .
throughout he had kept orrell , beaten only once previously in the league this season , on course to [remain/keep] their title challenge .

Grobbelaar allowed a tame , low shot from Tony Daley to creep under his body and inside the far post to maintain Villa 's recent encouraging run after an embarrassing sequence of six matches without a goal .
grobbelaar allowed a tame , low shot from tony daley to creep under his body and inside the far post to [remain/keep] villa 's recent encouraging run after an embarrassing sequence of six matches without a goal .

The British management team has been allocated space in Croydon , where Mr Tony Brend , chief executive , chaired emergency meetings over the weekend to try to maintain ‘ business as usual ’ .
the british management team has been allocated space in croydon , where mr tony brend , chief executive , chaired emergency meetings over the weekend to try to [remain/keep] ‘ business as usual ’ .

Instead , businesses pay Waterers to maintain the effect .
instead , businesses pay waterers to [remain/keep] the effect .

Britain and France are forced to maintain real interest rates of six or seven per cent at a time when domestic conditions call for rates of one or two per cent .
britain and france are forced to [remain/keep] real interest rates of six or seven per cent at a time when domestic conditions call for rates of one or two per cent .

Nick Faldo , who after an outward half of 33 , had closed to within two strokes of the lead , was in with a fine chance but he could not maintain it .
nick faldo , who after an outward half of 33 , had closed to within two strokes of the lead , was in with a fine chance but he could not [remain/keep] it .

and it could maintain its dividends without too much strain .
and it could [remain/keep] its dividends without too much strain .

To make those changes but to maintain the essential spirit of cricket is the continuing challenge .
to make those changes but to [remain/keep] the essential spirit of cricket is the continuing challenge .

Under the Social Security Act 1971 , a man is liable to maintain his wife and children , including those of whom he has been adjudged the putative father , and a woman is liable to maintain her husband and children .
under the social security act 1971 , a man is liable to [remain/keep] his wife and children , including those of whom he has been adjudged the putative father , and a woman is liable to [remain/keep] her husband and children .

In the second place , it involves some intention to maintain that control on the part of the possessor .
in the second place , it involves some intention to [remain/keep] that control on the part of the possessor .

It is only since 1945 that the inevitable inflation of the currency has led investors to think that ‘ equities ’ are safer than gilts ; for they maintain a value even if the value of the currency deteriorates .
it is only since 1945 that the inevitable inflation of the currency has led investors to think that ‘ equities ’ are safer than gilts ; for they [remain/keep] a value even if the value of the currency deteriorates .

The personal representatives have the powers to maintain and advance children given to trustees by the Trustee Act 1925 .
the personal representatives have the powers to [remain/keep] and advance children given to trustees by the trustee act 1925 .

Defence could muster cogent arguments to maintain an unusually high level of expenditure .
defence could muster cogent arguments to [remain/keep] an unusually high level of expenditure .

It is therefore in the true interests of defence that the claims of military expenditure should be considered in conjunction with the need to maintain the country 's financial and economic strength . In 1966 Denis Healey. :
it is therefore in the true interests of defence that the claims of military expenditure should be considered in conjunction with the need to [remain/keep] the country 's financial and economic strength . in 1966 denis healey. :

The Air Staff were not slow to underline the Second World War 's lessons of air warfare : the need to win and to maintain air superiority by offensive air action .
the air staff were not slow to underline the second world war 's lessons of air warfare : the need to win and to [remain/keep] air superiority by offensive air action .

The threat to British interests had changed , with international Communism replacing the political and military intrigues of predator European powers and Tsarist Russia of earlier centuries , but the policies for meeting the new threat remained traditional : the judicious stationing of garrisons to protect overseas territories from external aggression and from internal subversion ; the deployment of naval forces to maintain the freedom of the seas in areas of British interest ; and the positioning of strategic reserves at key points , like Egypt and Singapore , on the imperial lines of communication through Suez to the Far East .
the threat to british interests had changed , with international communism replacing the political and military intrigues of predator european powers and tsarist russia of earlier centuries , but the policies for meeting the new threat remained traditional : the judicious stationing of garrisons to protect overseas territories from external aggression and from internal subversion ; the deployment of naval forces to [remain/keep] the freedom of the seas in areas of british interest ; and the positioning of strategic reserves at key points , like egypt and singapore , on the imperial lines of communication through suez to the far east .

America inherited Britain 's thankless task of trying to maintain a semblance of stability in the Middle East , and has been singularly unsuccessful in doing so over the three decades that have passed since Suez .
america inherited britain 's thankless task of trying to [remain/keep] a semblance of stability in the middle east , and has been singularly unsuccessful in doing so over the three decades that have passed since suez .

Closer collaboration with the United States would reduce costs in weapon development , and enable Britain to be more selective in the projects she chose to pursue by herself in order to maintain the greatest measure of national independence .
closer collaboration with the united states would reduce costs in weapon development , and enable britain to be more selective in the projects she chose to pursue by herself in order to [remain/keep] the greatest measure of national independence .

Soon she would not have the troops with which to maintain her responsible policy of granting independence only when a colony was politically , economically , and militarily ready to stand on its own feet .
soon she would not have the troops with which to [remain/keep] her responsible policy of granting independence only when a colony was politically , economically , and militarily ready to stand on its own feet .

By early 1960 it was clear that Blue Streak would be much too vulnerable to a pre-emptive First Strike by Soviet missiles to maintain the credibility of the British nuclear deterrent .
by early 1960 it was clear that blue streak would be much too vulnerable to a pre-emptive first strike by soviet missiles to [remain/keep] the credibility of the british nuclear deterrent .

British irritation was increased by the suspicion that McNamara was deliberately trying to wean Britain away from her nuclear special relationship with the United States , and from her determination to maintain her own independent nuclear deterrent , which embarrassed American foreign policy towards Europe .
british irritation was increased by the suspicion that mcnamara was deliberately trying to wean britain away from her nuclear special relationship with the united states , and from her determination to [remain/keep] her own independent nuclear deterrent , which embarrassed american foreign policy towards europe .

By then , warnings were already blowing in the post-imperial winds of change that the all-regular Army might soon be overstretched trying to maintain stability in the final stages of Britain 's withdrawal from Empire .
by then , warnings were already blowing in the post-imperial winds of change that the all-regular army might soon be overstretched trying to [remain/keep] stability in the final stages of britain 's withdrawal from empire .

There seems to be a need to maintain the belief that ‘ straights ’ , grown-ups would be shocked , damaged , altered , if they were around to hear the music .
there seems to be a need to [remain/keep] the belief that ‘ straights ’ , grown-ups would be shocked , damaged , altered , if they were around to hear the music .

Their visits break many of the established patterns of human/dolphin encounter : they accept gifts of dead fish ( one theory is that the dolphins receive the fish as a signal from humans that they have come to play and interact ) , and they maintain their own social grouping while at the same time allowing close human contact .
their visits break many of the established patterns of human/dolphin encounter : they accept gifts of dead fish ( one theory is that the dolphins receive the fish as a signal from humans that they have come to play and interact ) , and they [remain/keep] their own social grouping while at the same time allowing close human contact .

They 'll frequently jump cigar out of the water while swimming fast , enabling them to maintain their speed while coming to the surface to breathe .
they 'll frequently jump cigar out of the water while swimming fast , enabling them to [remain/keep] their speed while coming to the surface to breathe .

Even with supplementary feeding , only a few dolphins can be kept alive in such small reserves , which may not be enough to maintain an adequate gene pool .
even with supplementary feeding , only a few dolphins can be kept alive in such small reserves , which may not be enough to [remain/keep] an adequate gene pool .

Cheesemaking is very labour-intensive and the producer must be dedicated to his art to maintain his enthusiasm .
cheesemaking is very labour-intensive and the producer must be dedicated to his art to [remain/keep] his enthusiasm .

It should be possible to live in any one of them without staff , though some might need a large and willing family to maintain them .
it should be possible to live in any one of them without staff , though some might need a large and willing family to [remain/keep] them .

When she died in 1474 , she left enough money to build , and maintain in perpetuity , the pavement and causeway with its sixty-four arches .
when she died in 1474 , she left enough money to build , and [remain/keep] in perpetuity , the pavement and causeway with its sixty-four arches .

To maintain the same level of per capita consumption in 2025 , with an expected population of 8.2 billion , grain production would have to increase to 3050 million tonnes .
to [remain/keep] the same level of per capita consumption in 2025 , with an expected population of 8.2 billion , grain production would have to increase to 3050 million tonnes .

The largest of them , Greenpeace , has , in the space of two decades , enlisted 3.5 million members worldwide and become rich enough to maintain a small fleet of boats and a research station in Antarctica .
the largest of them , greenpeace , has , in the space of two decades , enlisted 3.5 million members worldwide and become rich enough to [remain/keep] a small fleet of boats and a research station in antarctica .

Greater commitment , no doubt ; better technology and a higher level of efficiency in construction , perhaps ; and quite certainly the use of a combination of secrecy and ‘ creative ’ accountancy to maintain the image of technological triumph .
greater commitment , no doubt ; better technology and a higher level of efficiency in construction , perhaps ; and quite certainly the use of a combination of secrecy and ‘ creative ’ accountancy to [remain/keep] the image of technological triumph .

Governments which wish to survive have to maintain growth .
governments which wish to survive have to [remain/keep] growth .

Without being too sophisticated about its finer points , sustainable development has an obvious , sensible meaning when expressed in terms of a traditional farmer recycling dung and compost to maintain the fertility of his land .
without being too sophisticated about its finer points , sustainable development has an obvious , sensible meaning when expressed in terms of a traditional farmer recycling dung and compost to [remain/keep] the fertility of his land .

To ensure sustainable development , we must ‘ maintain the capital stock ’ .
to ensure sustainable development , we must ‘ [remain/keep] the capital stock ’ .

Lloyd 's great achievement had been to weld all the factions into a united team , and doubt was expressed that Richards could maintain the unity .
lloyd 's great achievement had been to weld all the factions into a united team , and doubt was expressed that richards could [remain/keep] the unity .

Edward accepted the immediate need to support Helen 's decision and maintain Mrs Noble 's good opinion of him .
edward accepted the immediate need to support helen 's decision and [remain/keep] mrs noble 's good opinion of him .

While all went well she could maintain a fine independence , but when the order threatened to change , she was more affected than she would have believed possible .
while all went well she could [remain/keep] a fine independence , but when the order threatened to change , she was more affected than she would have believed possible .

It also meant reassuring West European countries worried about a unified Germany that America intended to maintain troops at the heart of the continent .
it also meant reassuring west european countries worried about a unified germany that america intended to [remain/keep] troops at the heart of the continent .

And more money might trickle down ( they maintain , rather improbably ) to those 50-year-old wage-slaves called stable-lads , who cost so much less to keep than the nags they look after .
and more money might trickle down ( they [remain/keep] , rather improbably ) to those 50-year-old wage-slaves called stable-lads , who cost so much less to keep than the nags they look after .

In any case , restive exporters are unlikely to let the government maintain its ban on new exports for long .
in any case , restive exporters are unlikely to let the government [remain/keep] its ban on new exports for long .

It is not impossible , if he fails in the Gulf , to make progress on Palestine , where the Arab uprising of the past three years has made it clear that Israel can no longer maintain a decent stewardship of the occupied territories .
it is not impossible , if he fails in the gulf , to make progress on palestine , where the arab uprising of the past three years has made it clear that israel can no longer [remain/keep] a decent stewardship of the occupied territories .

Western Germany manages to maintain an inflation rate of 3 % with an unemployment rate of 6.7 % .
western germany manages to [remain/keep] an inflation rate of 3 % with an unemployment rate of 6.7 % .

The big fleet operators get the biggest discounts — putting the dealers under pressure to maintain higher prices for private buyers .
the big fleet operators get the biggest discounts — putting the dealers under pressure to [remain/keep] higher prices for private buyers .

But without sexy new cars , high quality will not be enough to maintain market share .
but without sexy new cars , high quality will not be enough to [remain/keep] market share .

Candidates include : the inability or unwillingness of the Federal Reserve to stem the banking panic and maintain the money supply ; the failure to use fiscal policy intelligently ( up to and including Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal after 1933 ) ; the uses and abuses of the gold standard ( Britain deciding to go back on the gold standard in 1925 at the pre-1914 parity , then deciding to come off the standard altogether in 1931 ; the refusal of many countries , especially America , to follow gold-standard rules ) ; the outbreak of trade war sparked by America 's Smoot-Hawley tariffs in 1930 ; and so on .
candidates include : the inability or unwillingness of the federal reserve to stem the banking panic and [remain/keep] the money supply ; the failure to use fiscal policy intelligently ( up to and including franklin roosevelt 's new deal after 1933 ) ; the uses and abuses of the gold standard ( britain deciding to go back on the gold standard in 1925 at the pre-1914 parity , then deciding to come off the standard altogether in 1931 ; the refusal of many countries , especially america , to follow gold-standard rules ) ; the outbreak of trade war sparked by america 's smoot-hawley tariffs in 1930 ; and so on .

The government is running the Oil Fund , designed to maintain stable oil prices , at a deficit rather than risk passing on price increases to consumers .
the government is running the oil fund , designed to [remain/keep] stable oil prices , at a deficit rather than risk passing on price increases to consumers .

The banks , threatened with the loss of many lucrative transactions ( and with expensive computer networks to maintain ) were not co-operating with the authorities , who talked of sending the police round to see that they did .
the banks , threatened with the loss of many lucrative transactions ( and with expensive computer networks to [remain/keep] ) were not co-operating with the authorities , who talked of sending the police round to see that they did .

When these are delivered , it will sell most of the 43 aircraft it now owns to keep its fleet the youngest — and hence cheapest to maintain — in the world .
when these are delivered , it will sell most of the 43 aircraft it now owns to keep its fleet the youngest — and hence cheapest to [remain/keep] — in the world .

The French , who have driven the merger and competition policy hard during their presidency , are seeking to maintain a measure of reciprocity .
the french , who have driven the merger and competition policy hard during their presidency , are seeking to [remain/keep] a measure of reciprocity .

Many developers use business analysts to ensure that the development team maintain a proper focus on business requirements .
many developers use business analysts to ensure that the development team [remain/keep] a proper focus on business requirements .

And with the force of example elsewhere , can the party will maintain its primacy for long ?
and with the force of example elsewhere , can the party will [remain/keep] its primacy for long ?

The Defence Secretary , Mr Tom King , felt obliged to say that Nato must maintain its vigilance .
the defence secretary , mr tom king , felt obliged to say that nato must [remain/keep] its vigilance .

The second was that force could not and should not be used to maintain Communist authority in Eastern Europe .
the second was that force could not and should not be used to [remain/keep] communist authority in eastern europe .

Their post-war policy has been based on the effort to create an enduring Franco-German axis that would maintain French power in Europe . Who can say now that this solution can survive in a larger Europe in which a unified or confederated Germany is the strongest element ?
their post-war policy has been based on the effort to create an enduring franco-german axis that would [remain/keep] french power in europe . who can say now that this solution can survive in a larger europe in which a unified or confederated germany is the strongest element ?

Their post-war policy has been based on the effort to create an enduring Franco-German axis that would maintain French power in Europe . Who can say now that this solution can survive in a larger Europe in which a unified or confederated Germany is the strongest element ?
their post-war policy has been based on the effort to create an enduring franco-german axis that would [remain/keep] french power in europe . who can say now that this solution can survive in a larger europe in which a unified or confederated germany is the strongest element ?

Still panting , she struggled to maintain a vestige of self-respect as the press demanded a full briefing of her domestic itinerary over the last 24 hours .
still panting , she struggled to [remain/keep] a vestige of self-respect as the press demanded a full briefing of her domestic itinerary over the last 24 hours .

Crews in Greater Manchester are to be balloted on a 24-hour strike on December 20 , despite union appeals to maintain accident and emergency cover .
crews in greater manchester are to be balloted on a 24-hour strike on december 20 , despite union appeals to [remain/keep] accident and emergency cover .

And with the force of example elsewhere , can the party will maintain its primacy for long ?
and with the force of example elsewhere , can the party will [remain/keep] its primacy for long ?

‘ We want a good , strong boat that is easy to maintain and that is n't too expensive .
‘ we want a good , strong boat that is easy to [remain/keep] and that is n't too expensive .

But this silent majority maintain a dignified silence , confident in the mature outlook and conservatism that centuries of parliamentary democracy have bequeathed them .
but this silent majority [remain/keep] a dignified silence , confident in the mature outlook and conservatism that centuries of parliamentary democracy have bequeathed them .

Landowners are more likely to plant and maintain woodland if it provides income .
landowners are more likely to plant and [remain/keep] woodland if it provides income .

One of the most difficult things for modern parents is to remind ourselves that we must maintain a life of our own .
one of the most difficult things for modern parents is to remind ourselves that we must [remain/keep] a life of our own .

They nevertheless determined to maintain their own dividend levels — even at the risk of dealing in volatile pre-election conditions .
they nevertheless determined to [remain/keep] their own dividend levels — even at the risk of dealing in volatile pre-election conditions .

The need to maintain and , if possible , improve passenger safety is the dominant priority of the organisation 's signalling and telecommunications division .
the need to [remain/keep] and , if possible , improve passenger safety is the dominant priority of the organisation 's signalling and telecommunications division .

They maintain an optimum body temperature by alternatively moving from a hot spot to a cooler one and back again throughout the day .
they [remain/keep] an optimum body temperature by alternatively moving from a hot spot to a cooler one and back again throughout the day .

Many living species burrow into sand or mud , sometimes to a considerable depth — these species maintain contact with the sea by means of long siphons , tubes that permit the passage in and out of water and bring to the animal both the necessary oxygen and the small organic particles on which it feeds .
many living species burrow into sand or mud , sometimes to a considerable depth — these species [remain/keep] contact with the sea by means of long siphons , tubes that permit the passage in and out of water and bring to the animal both the necessary oxygen and the small organic particles on which it feeds .

Some experts maintain that these molluscs were able to swim in the open ocean , or that they were attached to floating seaweed : some such mechanism has to be invoked to explain how these bivalves came into an environment that lacked bottom-living animals .
some experts [remain/keep] that these molluscs were able to swim in the open ocean , or that they were attached to floating seaweed : some such mechanism has to be invoked to explain how these bivalves came into an environment that lacked bottom-living animals .

There are two courses open to the British government if it is to maintain its reputation , on which it prides itself , of honouring its commitments .
there are two courses open to the british government if it is to [remain/keep] its reputation , on which it prides itself , of honouring its commitments .

The load is set so as to maintain a pH of at least 5.3 , the minimum for a bicarbonate rather than an aluminium buffering system , with aluminium levels of 30 ug/litre or less .
the load is set so as to [remain/keep] a ph of at least 5.3 , the minimum for a bicarbonate rather than an aluminium buffering system , with aluminium levels of 30 ug/litre or less .

Europe 's semi-conductor producers , mainly France and Holland , are campaigning to maintain the present 40 % level of tariffs on imports .
europe 's semi-conductor producers , mainly france and holland , are campaigning to [remain/keep] the present 40 % level of tariffs on imports .

Banking policy , both in Germany and in France , is far more geared to industry than is the case in the United Kingdom and there is considerable pressure on the German government to maintain grossly inefficient production in East Germany , which it can do by enlisting the aid of the banks .
banking policy , both in germany and in france , is far more geared to industry than is the case in the united kingdom and there is considerable pressure on the german government to [remain/keep] grossly inefficient production in east germany , which it can do by enlisting the aid of the banks .

Aware of German determination to maintain control over the currency , the Commission gave Pöhl a decisive say in drawing up the draft statutes of the proposed European Central Bank .
aware of german determination to [remain/keep] control over the currency , the commission gave pöhl a decisive say in drawing up the draft statutes of the proposed european central bank .

It has long been the French preference to maintain the Council as the primary decision-making body of the Community , and indeed to reinforce its role ; the Germans want greater powers for the Parliament in Strasbourg .
it has long been the french preference to [remain/keep] the council as the primary decision-making body of the community , and indeed to reinforce its role ; the germans want greater powers for the parliament in strasbourg .

Germany , with the strongest economy , will demand policies to maintain that strength , resisting any threat to that preeminence in the name of ‘ Europe ’ .
germany , with the strongest economy , will demand policies to [remain/keep] that strength , resisting any threat to that preeminence in the name of ‘ europe ’ .

In a long and bitter attack on the political system in Germany , one commentator has drawn attention to the questionable practices which arise from a system in which parties are subsidised by the state , a practice justified by the need to have strong parties in order to maintain a healthy political culture :
in a long and bitter attack on the political system in germany , one commentator has drawn attention to the questionable practices which arise from a system in which parties are subsidised by the state , a practice justified by the need to have strong parties in order to [remain/keep] a healthy political culture :

Above all , Westminster enjoys a very high degree of support and interest among British voters , and it thus preserves the authority of the political system as a whole : ‘ The extent to which Parliament has served to maintain support for the political system constitutes one of the most fascinating aspects of the institution in the British political system , .
above all , westminster enjoys a very high degree of support and interest among british voters , and it thus preserves the authority of the political system as a whole : ‘ the extent to which parliament has served to [remain/keep] support for the political system constitutes one of the most fascinating aspects of the institution in the british political system , .

The reason why it has been possible to maintain the semblance of continuity since Adenauer is that the soubriquet is still ‘ Europe ’ .
the reason why it has been possible to [remain/keep] the semblance of continuity since adenauer is that the soubriquet is still ‘ europe ’ .

This was in order to maintain the federal , not unitary , nature of the constitution .
this was in order to [remain/keep] the federal , not unitary , nature of the constitution .

If it is not the intention to update shipping serviced to maintain land-bridge services then the establishment of a sea-bridge to Europe must be earnestly considered .
if it is not the intention to update shipping serviced to [remain/keep] land-bridge services then the establishment of a sea-bridge to europe must be earnestly considered .

Our aim is to maintain our leading position , to develop and improve the facilities and amenities offered to port users and to provide a top quality , efficient , value for money operation .
our aim is to [remain/keep] our leading position , to develop and improve the facilities and amenities offered to port users and to provide a top quality , efficient , value for money operation .

The village stretches along the Pinzgau Valley and many who visit maintain that Leogang offers some of the most interesting and varied walks in Austria , with one of the highlights being the Saalach Valley Ridge Path walk .
the village stretches along the pinzgau valley and many who visit [remain/keep] that leogang offers some of the most interesting and varied walks in austria , with one of the highlights being the saalach valley ridge path walk .

Maintain Britain 's leading role in the fight against drug abuse in sport , ensuring adequate funding for testing programmes and education campaigns directed at participants .
[remain/keep] britain 's leading role in the fight against drug abuse in sport , ensuring adequate funding for testing programmes and education campaigns directed at participants .

Maintain a minimum nuclear deterrent .
[remain/keep] a minimum nuclear deterrent .

We will maintain a second chamber as a Senate , primarily elected by the citizens of the nations and regions of the United Kingdom .
we will [remain/keep] a second chamber as a senate , primarily elected by the citizens of the nations and regions of the united kingdom .

Maintain the Anglo-Irish Agreement , unless and until an improved agreement emerges from cross-party talks to replace it .
[remain/keep] the anglo-irish agreement , unless and until an improved agreement emerges from cross-party talks to replace it .

may wish to maintain or improve their facilities or even take a break themselves .
may wish to [remain/keep] or improve their facilities or even take a break themselves .

It is possible that a cement mixer or a tower crane may go into action or other works be carried out , as a hotelier or apartments owner seeks to maintain or improve standards and facilities .
it is possible that a cement mixer or a tower crane may go into action or other works be carried out , as a hotelier or apartments owner seeks to [remain/keep] or improve standards and facilities .

The significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . The qualities which are required to maintain and enhance a team include :
the significance of this model is that the task is one component of the team maintenance process and is relative to the evaluative , reflective and planning elements which serve to enhance interpersonal relationships whilst ensuring maximum ability to complete the task . the qualities which are required to [remain/keep] and enhance a team include :

Whether it be for the supermarket shelf or McDonald 's , suppliers may add ingredients to ensure that foods maintain their fresh taste and appearance .
whether it be for the supermarket shelf or mcdonald 's , suppliers may add ingredients to ensure that foods [remain/keep] their fresh taste and appearance .

Labour will implement and maintain those policies .
labour will implement and [remain/keep] those policies .

To curb inflation , Labour will maintain the value of the pound within the European Exchange Rate Mechanism .
to curb inflation , labour will [remain/keep] the value of the pound within the european exchange rate mechanism .

However , at Foxton they are side-aligned ‘ pounds ’ rather than ‘ ponds ’ , designed to maintain a water supply to each lock , and contain the water which would normally be in the pound between each lock .
however , at foxton they are side-aligned ‘ pounds ’ rather than ‘ ponds ’ , designed to [remain/keep] a water supply to each lock , and contain the water which would normally be in the pound between each lock .

They scavenge energy from all around them — from the rays of the Sun , or by consuming energy-rich molecules created by other living things ; and they use that energy , constantly , to maintain their own extraordinary complexity .
they scavenge energy from all around them — from the rays of the sun , or by consuming energy-rich molecules created by other living things ; and they use that energy , constantly , to [remain/keep] their own extraordinary complexity .

It follows , then , that the number of different species that can live on any one island is also much smaller than in an equivalent area in equivalent terrain on a continent : there just is not enough resource to maintain sufficiently large populations of lots of different kinds of animal .
it follows , then , that the number of different species that can live on any one island is also much smaller than in an equivalent area in equivalent terrain on a continent : there just is not enough resource to [remain/keep] sufficiently large populations of lots of different kinds of animal .

On islands , there is little food ; but the art of long-term survival is to maintain enough individuals to sustain a viable population .
on islands , there is little food ; but the art of long-term survival is to [remain/keep] enough individuals to sustain a viable population .

It is thought that a sum of about £5,000 will be needed to carry the scheme through successfully and that a membership of 300 would be needed to maintain it on a sound basis .
it is thought that a sum of about £5,000 will be needed to carry the scheme through successfully and that a membership of 300 would be needed to [remain/keep] it on a sound basis .

Basic behaviour must maintain the efficiency of this system , and the current wave of studies on foraging strategies and exploitation of the habitat signals a contemporary awareness of this fact .
basic behaviour must [remain/keep] the efficiency of this system , and the current wave of studies on foraging strategies and exploitation of the habitat signals a contemporary awareness of this fact .

Homoiothermy allows the mammalian and avian body to maintain a constant high level of activity that does not depend upon the temperature of the environment ; and it allows the colonization of environments that would be otherwise too severe to inhabit .
homoiothermy allows the mammalian and avian body to [remain/keep] a constant high level of activity that does not depend upon the temperature of the environment ; and it allows the colonization of environments that would be otherwise too severe to inhabit .

Reassurance behaviour by touch , caress , mutual clasping , and other tactile means establishes a mutual support between animals known to one another that promotes , on the one hand , confidence in the face of potential antagonists and , on the other , a support that makes aggression unnecessary since simple assertion can maintain an individual 's security .
reassurance behaviour by touch , caress , mutual clasping , and other tactile means establishes a mutual support between animals known to one another that promotes , on the one hand , confidence in the face of potential antagonists and , on the other , a support that makes aggression unnecessary since simple assertion can [remain/keep] an individual 's security .

The work of Robert Seyfarth ( 1976 ) has demonstrated that wild female baboons in a multi-male troop structure maintain a hierarchy just as males do .
the work of robert seyfarth ( 1976 ) has demonstrated that wild female baboons in a multi-male troop structure [remain/keep] a hierarchy just as males do .

The strength of this support differs between species and effects the role the male plays in the social dynamics of the harem and the types of relationship that maintain the structure .
the strength of this support differs between species and effects the role the male plays in the social dynamics of the harem and the types of relationship that [remain/keep] the structure .

The male can maintain a fairly equable distribution of grooming up to a harem size of five females .
the male can [remain/keep] a fairly equable distribution of grooming up to a harem size of five females .

Above this size he is unable to maintain this rate of involvement .
above this size he is unable to [remain/keep] this rate of involvement .

Plausibly sexual behaviour between these males not only relieves this deprivation but might maintain higher testosterone levels in the participants than would otherwise be the case .
plausibly sexual behaviour between these males not only relieves this deprivation but might [remain/keep] higher testosterone levels in the participants than would otherwise be the case .

Only the Conservatives can be trusted to maintain the quality and capability of our Armed Forces .
only the conservatives can be trusted to [remain/keep] the quality and capability of our armed forces .

Our Services deserve the excellent pay and conditions which we have secured for them and will maintain .
our services deserve the excellent pay and conditions which we have secured for them and will [remain/keep] .

We will maintain our programme of compulsory competitive tendering of local authority services .
we will [remain/keep] our programme of compulsory competitive tendering of local authority services .

We will maintain a guaranteed market for renewable energy projects and fund research in this area .
we will [remain/keep] a guaranteed market for renewable energy projects and fund research in this area .

We will continue to support our science base to maintain the excellence of our science and to ensure that we produce the skilled technical people we need .
we will continue to support our science base to [remain/keep] the excellence of our science and to ensure that we produce the skilled technical people we need .

We will enforce science-based controls on the use of chemicals in food production , and will maintain our policy of open access to information on pesticide safety .
we will enforce science-based controls on the use of chemicals in food production , and will [remain/keep] our policy of open access to information on pesticide safety .

We have always fought to maintain diversity in education , protecting the right of local people to preserve their grammar schools , and defending independent schools against mindless Labour attacks .
we have always fought to [remain/keep] diversity in education , protecting the right of local people to preserve their grammar schools , and defending independent schools against mindless labour attacks .

We will maintain the Assisted Places scheme , which gives access to independent education to many families who could otherwise not afford it .
we will [remain/keep] the assisted places scheme , which gives access to independent education to many families who could otherwise not afford it .

And we must maintain confidence in our legal system .
and we must [remain/keep] confidence in our legal system .

We are determined to maintain our present system of immigration controls unless we have evidence that other arrangements would be equally satisfactory and cost-effective .
we are determined to [remain/keep] our present system of immigration controls unless we have evidence that other arrangements would be equally satisfactory and cost-effective .

We will maintain mortgage tax relief .
we will [remain/keep] mortgage tax relief .

We will also maintain direct support for farming the Less Favoured Areas in ways which encourage good environmental practice .
we will also [remain/keep] direct support for farming the less favoured areas in ways which encourage good environmental practice .

We will maintain our special programmes to promote affordable homes in rural areas .
we will [remain/keep] our special programmes to promote affordable homes in rural areas .

We will maintain support for the arts and continue to develop schemes for greater sponsorship in co-operation with business and private individuals .
we will [remain/keep] support for the arts and continue to develop schemes for greater sponsorship in co-operation with business and private individuals .

We will encourage councils to ensure that new developments are in character with the past ; to maintain buildings of importance to the character of towns and cities ; to limit unnecessary street furniture and signs ; and to plant trees and preserve historic patterns and open spaces .
we will encourage councils to ensure that new developments are in character with the past ; to [remain/keep] buildings of importance to the character of towns and cities ; to limit unnecessary street furniture and signs ; and to plant trees and preserve historic patterns and open spaces .

All television and radio companies accept the need to maintain standards of taste and decency in their treatment of sex and violence and their use of bad language .
all television and radio companies accept the need to [remain/keep] standards of taste and decency in their treatment of sex and violence and their use of bad language .

The biggest firms maintain a network of show sites across the country , so you can make one trip both to collect literature and to view the garages .
the biggest firms [remain/keep] a network of show sites across the country , so you can make one trip both to collect literature and to view the garages .

As the mortgage payment and related insurance premiums will constitute a major part of your monthly outgoings , the Bristol & West provides Incomesure , a special sort of insurance , to protect your ability to maintain these payments in the case of unemployment , accident , or sickness .
as the mortgage payment and related insurance premiums will constitute a major part of your monthly outgoings , the bristol & west provides incomesure , a special sort of insurance , to protect your ability to [remain/keep] these payments in the case of unemployment , accident , or sickness .

It is proposed to give the Directors the authority to alter the schemes to take account of or comply with any changes in any proposed or existing legislation affecting the schemes , or to take account of any take-over or reconstruction of the Company or to obtain or maintain favourable taxation treatment of the Company , any subsidiary or any participant , in each case excluding any changes which affect the basic structure of the schemes or the limits on the number of shares which may be subscribed for under the schemes .
it is proposed to give the directors the authority to alter the schemes to take account of or comply with any changes in any proposed or existing legislation affecting the schemes , or to take account of any take-over or reconstruction of the company or to obtain or [remain/keep] favourable taxation treatment of the company , any subsidiary or any participant , in each case excluding any changes which affect the basic structure of the schemes or the limits on the number of shares which may be subscribed for under the schemes .

There is no restriction on the amount you can withdraw as long as you maintain the minimum balance of £10,000 in your account .
there is no restriction on the amount you can withdraw as long as you [remain/keep] the minimum balance of £10,000 in your account .

We are able to maintain our existing premium rates for these sections of your policy .
we are able to [remain/keep] our existing premium rates for these sections of your policy .

And since we still run the sales ledger , we can maintain our good relationships with our customers .
and since we still run the sales ledger , we can [remain/keep] our good relationships with our customers .

The right pension planning will help you maintain your quality of life after you stop working .
the right pension planning will help you [remain/keep] your quality of life after you stop working .

All in all , a good pension plan can provide the income you need to continue to live comfortably and maintain your quality of life when you stop work .
all in all , a good pension plan can provide the income you need to continue to live comfortably and [remain/keep] your quality of life when you stop work .

Maintain your integrity .
[remain/keep] your integrity .

a loss of personal enjoyment from performing a variety of activity and a loss of opportunity to maintain practice in certain skills .
a loss of personal enjoyment from performing a variety of activity and a loss of opportunity to [remain/keep] practice in certain skills .

it is senior management 's responsibility to initiate , devise , maintain and evaluate a viable policy and system of communication which is designed to inform employees regularly about the enterprise
it is senior management 's responsibility to initiate , devise , [remain/keep] and evaluate a viable policy and system of communication which is designed to inform employees regularly about the enterprise

For example , to maintain channels of communication both upwards and downwards ; to monitor their effectiveness and advise on any necessary improvements ; to refine and advise on messages from senior management to employees ; to advise staff on communication techniques and messages .
for example , to [remain/keep] channels of communication both upwards and downwards ; to monitor their effectiveness and advise on any necessary improvements ; to refine and advise on messages from senior management to employees ; to advise staff on communication techniques and messages .

Your Board has also , of course , looked very hard at how it would ensure we maintain the present secure and friendly image of Abbey National .
your board has also , of course , looked very hard at how it would ensure we [remain/keep] the present secure and friendly image of abbey national .

Maintain or improve condition of muscles , bones and ligaments : Have you ever had to spend any length of time flat on your back in bed — perhaps due to illness or an accident ?
[remain/keep] or improve condition of muscles , bones and ligaments : have you ever had to spend any length of time flat on your back in bed — perhaps due to illness or an accident ?

One word of warning though : if you are someone whose daily life involves a strong competitive element , you would do well to avoid too much in the way of competitive sport ( squash , tennis and so on ) as your form of exercise as these will only tend to maintain an already high level of stress .
one word of warning though : if you are someone whose daily life involves a strong competitive element , you would do well to avoid too much in the way of competitive sport ( squash , tennis and so on ) as your form of exercise as these will only tend to [remain/keep] an already high level of stress .

And yet so many people are pleased with the way they manage to hide their emotions — to maintain that ‘ stiff upper lip ’ of which men in particular seem to be so proud .
and yet so many people are pleased with the way they manage to hide their emotions — to [remain/keep] that ‘ stiff upper lip ’ of which men in particular seem to be so proud .

Little boys , in particular , are taught to suppress their tears and to maintain their composure at all costs .
little boys , in particular , are taught to suppress their tears and to [remain/keep] their composure at all costs .

The answer , therefore , is to maintain a diet which is as balanced and healthy as possible .
the answer , therefore , is to [remain/keep] a diet which is as balanced and healthy as possible .

Will you help raise funds to maintain this important research by getting yourself sponsored each time you enter an event ?
will you help raise funds to [remain/keep] this important research by getting yourself sponsored each time you enter an event ?

When he did try to make some real contribution to society , it seemed that all he got for his trouble was The Prince was too sensitive , too intelligent , to play the part mapped out for him , the part that his courtiers were there to help maintain .
when he did try to make some real contribution to society , it seemed that all he got for his trouble was the prince was too sensitive , too intelligent , to play the part mapped out for him , the part that his courtiers were there to help [remain/keep] .

The crews are able to resuscitate heart attack patients , replace fluid intraveneously after severe blood loss , and insert tubes to maintain air supplies in unconconscious casualties .
the crews are able to resuscitate heart attack patients , replace fluid intraveneously after severe blood loss , and insert tubes to [remain/keep] air supplies in unconconscious casualties .

While Mr David Waddington does not intend to use his office to promote capital punishment , and will maintain the tradition of a free vote for MPs , his intervention in a renewed debate would provide the most passionate support for it from the Government front bench since it was abolished in 1965 .
while mr david waddington does not intend to use his office to promote capital punishment , and will [remain/keep] the tradition of a free vote for mps , his intervention in a renewed debate would provide the most passionate support for it from the government front bench since it was abolished in 1965 .

The garden has been planned to make the last amount of work for those who maintain it : John himself ; his father , who is now 80 and can work for only short periods ; Mr Broughton , who clips the hedges , and Patricia who weeds .
the garden has been planned to make the last amount of work for those who [remain/keep] it : john himself ; his father , who is now 80 and can work for only short periods ; mr broughton , who clips the hedges , and patricia who weeds .

The silver-tongued apologists of goldmining maintain that fears about all these things are grossly inflated and take no account of the strict environmental controls that would be enforced .
the silver-tongued apologists of goldmining [remain/keep] that fears about all these things are grossly inflated and take no account of the strict environmental controls that would be enforced .

His principle is to maintain the gardens and grounds as they are for all the residents , so that from outside it is not apparent that the building has been divided up .
his principle is to [remain/keep] the gardens and grounds as they are for all the residents , so that from outside it is not apparent that the building has been divided up .

Do individuals lose all sense of time and become erratic , or do they maintain a rhythmicity in their lifestyle and bodily functions ?
do individuals lose all sense of time and become erratic , or do they [remain/keep] a rhythmicity in their lifestyle and bodily functions ?

We have already considered how the body clock , by lowering body temperature and increasing the sensation of fatigue , helps to promote and maintain sleep .
we have already considered how the body clock , by lowering body temperature and increasing the sensation of fatigue , helps to promote and [remain/keep] sleep .

, but if you are quite active physically then you can maintain a sense of comfort if you turn down your room thermostat a few degrees in the evening or if you roll up your sleeves and aid heat loss this way .
, but if you are quite active physically then you can [remain/keep] a sense of comfort if you turn down your room thermostat a few degrees in the evening or if you roll up your sleeves and aid heat loss this way .

The cost of buying equipment and the requirement of skilled personnel to maintain and run it can make its use in the repeated assessments which are required for measuring rhythms prohibitively expensive .
the cost of buying equipment and the requirement of skilled personnel to [remain/keep] and run it can make its use in the repeated assessments which are required for measuring rhythms prohibitively expensive .

Some travellers maintain that they get used to jet-lag but others find that the problem becomes worse .
some travellers [remain/keep] that they get used to jet-lag but others find that the problem becomes worse .

Get some professional tips on how to look after your hair and how to maintain the style at home .
get some professional tips on how to look after your hair and how to [remain/keep] the style at home .

In the meantime , businesses must understand the requirements of the legislation , implement suitable management controls to maintain the required standards , and review their insurance and their use of external support services — which can be cost-effective investments in the event of crisis .
in the meantime , businesses must understand the requirements of the legislation , implement suitable management controls to [remain/keep] the required standards , and review their insurance and their use of external support services — which can be cost-effective investments in the event of crisis .

Chill Pads , which maintain chilled products at temperature , are claimed to be longer-lasting than ice and more effective than eutectic plates .
chill pads , which [remain/keep] chilled products at temperature , are claimed to be longer-lasting than ice and more effective than eutectic plates .

This aim could have been frustrated by the need to keep costs to the minimum in order to maintain the economic viability of the project , but both requirements were satisfied by confining all new openings to the roofs of the aisle and the nave .
this aim could have been frustrated by the need to keep costs to the minimum in order to [remain/keep] the economic viability of the project , but both requirements were satisfied by confining all new openings to the roofs of the aisle and the nave .

The Soviet War Memorial is one of only two places Where the Russian military have representation in the West , and in order to maintain it they employ soldiers who cross the Wall from their barracks in East Berlin .
the soviet war memorial is one of only two places where the russian military have representation in the west , and in order to [remain/keep] it they employ soldiers who cross the wall from their barracks in east berlin .

It enables the Commander to maintain a mental picture of the location of any team , and to think how he would react if an incident occurred to any one of them .
it enables the commander to [remain/keep] a mental picture of the location of any team , and to think how he would react if an incident occurred to any one of them .

The Maronites are Greek-speaking Catholics living in Turkish-held territory , and as if that were not enough of a mixture , in order to maintain links with their Lebanese roots they hold their church services in Arabic .
the maronites are greek-speaking catholics living in turkish-held territory , and as if that were not enough of a mixture , in order to [remain/keep] links with their lebanese roots they hold their church services in arabic .

It was crucial that the police maintain ‘ operational independence ’ .
it was crucial that the police [remain/keep] ‘ operational independence ’ .

Early efforts to become involved in multi-agency approaches to crime and associated topics were painful experiences … we wanted to maintain the lead in every forum , to be the gatekeepers of power and have the right of veto if decisons were made which did not suit us .
early efforts to become involved in multi-agency approaches to crime and associated topics were painful experiences … we wanted to [remain/keep] the lead in every forum , to be the gatekeepers of power and have the right of veto if decisons were made which did not suit us .

By now , the household of The Kilns had taken on the shape which it was to maintain until well after the Second World War .
by now , the household of the kilns had taken on the shape which it was to [remain/keep] until well after the second world war .

Gentle Clarifying Lotion offers thorough cleansing without stripping the skin of its natural moisture , while Gentle Balanced Moisture Lotion helps maintain the skin 's natural elasticity .
gentle clarifying lotion offers thorough cleansing without stripping the skin of its natural moisture , while gentle balanced moisture lotion helps [remain/keep] the skin 's natural elasticity .

Their past experience enabled them to produce and maintain their own equipment , and operate it with competence , but the fact that none had themselves initiated any of the significant developments in filmmaking or projects was an early indication of their unpreparedness for serious competition .
their past experience enabled them to produce and [remain/keep] their own equipment , and operate it with competence , but the fact that none had themselves initiated any of the significant developments in filmmaking or projects was an early indication of their unpreparedness for serious competition .

This interest in national subjects could have led to cosiness as it tended to during Balcon 's time at Ealing Studios , but at this period he was under pressure from the Ostrer Brothers to maintain a diversity in his output and aim for the international market .
this interest in national subjects could have led to cosiness as it tended to during balcon 's time at ealing studios , but at this period he was under pressure from the ostrer brothers to [remain/keep] a diversity in his output and aim for the international market .

Key personnel , including Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliatt , left in anger to join Independent Producers after Rank had failed to support deputy production chief Ted Black in his determination to maintain a broad range of productions against Maurice Ostrer 's desire to focus on costume melodrama .
key personnel , including frank launder and sidney gilliatt , left in anger to join independent producers after rank had failed to support deputy production chief ted black in his determination to [remain/keep] a broad range of productions against maurice ostrer 's desire to focus on costume melodrama .

This is required by law a ) to maintain the private status of the ground , b ) to preserve the Vicar 's freehold rights of ownership ( and those of his successors ) and c ) to prevent the creation of a Right of Way through the grounds .
this is required by law a ) to [remain/keep] the private status of the ground , b ) to preserve the vicar 's freehold rights of ownership ( and those of his successors ) and c ) to prevent the creation of a right of way through the grounds .

He sometimes has to work to maintain his cool image .
he sometimes has to work to [remain/keep] his cool image .

However , directors of the 60 per cent-owned member of Robert Maxwell 's stable of companies , said they expected to maintain a final year dividend of 3p ‘ in view of the satisfactory progress ’ of Pergamon 's £90m-plus disposal programme .
however , directors of the 60 per cent-owned member of robert maxwell 's stable of companies , said they expected to [remain/keep] a final year dividend of 3p ‘ in view of the satisfactory progress ’ of pergamon 's £90m-plus disposal programme .

The teaching of specialist options is relatively expensive ; this might enable universities to maintain intellectual standards at a lower unit cost for the majority of undergraduates while still serving those who need more advanced knowledge .
the teaching of specialist options is relatively expensive ; this might enable universities to [remain/keep] intellectual standards at a lower unit cost for the majority of undergraduates while still serving those who need more advanced knowledge .

After several months of working full eight-hour shifts , the constables frequently forgot that an outsider was present , or no longer cared , and the fieldworker experienced moments when it would have been difficult to maintain a front .
after several months of working full eight-hour shifts , the constables frequently forgot that an outsider was present , or no longer cared , and the fieldworker experienced moments when it would have been difficult to [remain/keep] a front .

Once again , the intensity of contact spread over such a long time in the field makes this form of self-monitoring difficult to maintain , and there was also a general resistance from below to the management 's instruction .
once again , the intensity of contact spread over such a long time in the field makes this form of self-monitoring difficult to [remain/keep] , and there was also a general resistance from below to the management 's instruction .

Having to talk little children through the horrors which some adults inflict upon them is horrific and stressful , and emotional distancing is difficult to maintain when you are dealing only with sex abuse cases day after day .
having to talk little children through the horrors which some adults inflict upon them is horrific and stressful , and emotional distancing is difficult to [remain/keep] when you are dealing only with sex abuse cases day after day .

This is work which requires an emotional coldness but which can on occasions be so demanding that detachment is difficult to maintain .
this is work which requires an emotional coldness but which can on occasions be so demanding that detachment is difficult to [remain/keep] .

At the same time the body develops ways around the scarring to maintain blood supply ‘ growing ’ little extra blood vessels into the gut and stomach wall .
at the same time the body develops ways around the scarring to [remain/keep] blood supply ‘ growing ’ little extra blood vessels into the gut and stomach wall .

To be blunt about it , the challenge confronting Mr Heseltine is how to maintain his momentum .
to be blunt about it , the challenge confronting mr heseltine is how to [remain/keep] his momentum .

‘ Age Concern believes it is essential , in order to maintain living standards after retirement , that at least one part of pensioner 's income , the state pension , is raised in line with earnings .
‘ age concern believes it is essential , in order to [remain/keep] living standards after retirement , that at least one part of pensioner 's income , the state pension , is raised in line with earnings .

They play a physically demanding pressing game which is very effective under normal conditions , but they wo n't be able to maintain the pressure if it is very hot .
they play a physically demanding pressing game which is very effective under normal conditions , but they wo n't be able to [remain/keep] the pressure if it is very hot .

Community Care Grants are to enable people to establish or maintain themselves in the community rather than having to be in hospitals , nursing homes and residential care homes etc .
community care grants are to enable people to establish or [remain/keep] themselves in the community rather than having to be in hospitals , nursing homes and residential care homes etc .

Although routine screening is available for certain groups of women it is still important for your to maintain an awareness of your own health .
although routine screening is available for certain groups of women it is still important for your to [remain/keep] an awareness of your own health .

This booklet has been prepared to give general information about adapting your homes and about other options that may help you establish and maintain independence .
this booklet has been prepared to give general information about adapting your homes and about other options that may help you establish and [remain/keep] independence .

• Feed dahlias fortnightly with a liquid fertiliser to maintain blooms and build up stout tubers .
• feed dahlias fortnightly with a liquid fertiliser to [remain/keep] blooms and build up stout tubers .

Plants for acid clay With acid clay , you can enjoy a number of extra-special plants that are harder to maintain elsewhere .
plants for acid clay with acid clay , you can enjoy a number of extra-special plants that are harder to [remain/keep] elsewhere .

Keep in good light to maintain colour .
keep in good light to [remain/keep] colour .

However , levelling out too much will cause a large amount of slack in the cable and a further loss of speed , often leaving the aircraft in a dangerously nose-high attitude with no pull from the cable to maintain the speed .
however , levelling out too much will cause a large amount of slack in the cable and a further loss of speed , often leaving the aircraft in a dangerously nose-high attitude with no pull from the cable to [remain/keep] the speed .

Where it occurs much lower down a recovery is unlikely , and the accident should be put down either to the failure to maintain a safe airspeed at low altitudes , or to bad planning leading to a situation from which a crash is almost unavoidable .
where it occurs much lower down a recovery is unlikely , and the accident should be put down either to the failure to [remain/keep] a safe airspeed at low altitudes , or to bad planning leading to a situation from which a crash is almost unavoidable .

The only safeguard is to maintain the correct position carefully and to release at once if the glider is beginning to get too high in relation to the towplane .
the only safeguard is to [remain/keep] the correct position carefully and to release at once if the glider is beginning to get too high in relation to the towplane .

To prevent a heavy landing as the airbrakes are opened , a backward movement is needed on the stick to increase the wing 's angle of attack to maintain the same amount of lift as before .
to prevent a heavy landing as the airbrakes are opened , a backward movement is needed on the stick to increase the wing 's angle of attack to [remain/keep] the same amount of lift as before .

With most gliders the attitude for the nose during the slip needs to be no higher than required to maintain the chosen approach speed .
with most gliders the attitude for the nose during the slip needs to be no higher than required to [remain/keep] the chosen approach speed .

Maintain an effective guard and do n't over-commit yourself .
[remain/keep] an effective guard and do n't over-commit yourself .

Loosen the support when the competition is over and work the wrist in such a way as to maintain its range of movement .
loosen the support when the competition is over and work the wrist in such a way as to [remain/keep] its range of movement .

O'Dowd , Rolston , and Tomlinson ( 1980 ) point out that when the centralized state comes in simply to administer and maintain law and order , it tends to reproduce relationships which pre-exist its intervention .
o'dowd , rolston , and tomlinson ( 1980 ) point out that when the centralized state comes in simply to administer and [remain/keep] law and order , it tends to reproduce relationships which pre-exist its intervention .

The popular slogan ‘ This we will maintain ’ , that is the union with Britain , can be equally applied to the religious and moral values the loyalists pride so much and which they see as embodied in the protestant — loyalist statelet , with its appropriate state apparatus of coercion and alternative paramilitary units .
the popular slogan ‘ this we will [remain/keep] ’ , that is the union with britain , can be equally applied to the religious and moral values the loyalists pride so much and which they see as embodied in the protestant — loyalist statelet , with its appropriate state apparatus of coercion and alternative paramilitary units .

What the protestant loyalists in effect seek to maintain is protestant — loyalist domination within a flexible territory , one which they feel justified in calling their land and ruling according to their conscience .
what the protestant loyalists in effect seek to [remain/keep] is protestant — loyalist domination within a flexible territory , one which they feel justified in calling their land and ruling according to their conscience .

It is the state which properly exercises the use of force in order to maintain social control , whereas it is in civil society — the family , school , work-place , church , and other non-state institutions — that hegemony operates .
it is the state which properly exercises the use of force in order to [remain/keep] social control , whereas it is in civil society — the family , school , work-place , church , and other non-state institutions — that hegemony operates .

The bishops also argued that any so-called restricted form of divorce was impossible to maintain in practice and that divorce might solve the partners ' problems but only created them for the children .
the bishops also argued that any so-called restricted form of divorce was impossible to [remain/keep] in practice and that divorce might solve the partners ' problems but only created them for the children .

From 1899 , the intention of the clergy to assume and maintain absolute control of their schools led a number of them to refuse to appoint members of the Irish National Teachers ' Organization so as to avoid trade union interference .
from 1899 , the intention of the clergy to assume and [remain/keep] absolute control of their schools led a number of them to refuse to appoint members of the irish national teachers ' organization so as to avoid trade union interference .

It is hard for those wanting to make a fresh start , maintain good health and stay off drugs .
it is hard for those wanting to make a fresh start , [remain/keep] good health and stay off drugs .

This amount would maintain the person 's health and keep his weight steady ; to promote growth an extra 10–15g 0.35–0.5oz ) per day would be necessary .
this amount would [remain/keep] the person 's health and keep his weight steady ; to promote growth an extra 10–15g 0.35–0.5oz ) per day would be necessary .

The police , of course , can never really be geared easily to incorporate structural challenge to their existing concepts of order and control , for they are set up to maintain the symbols and practice which has sustained the status quo .
the police , of course , can never really be geared easily to incorporate structural challenge to their existing concepts of order and control , for they are set up to [remain/keep] the symbols and practice which has sustained the status quo .

The creation of this order at the time a new Official Secrets Bill was being pushed through Parliament by an increasingly interventionist government is significant , and the idea of a senior officer 's having ‘ first read ’ of any essay to maintain the integrity of the institution manifests the importance of the legalized surveillance of allegedly dangerous material and enhances the separation of the world of control from that academic enquiry ; although its implementation is only randomly applied .
the creation of this order at the time a new official secrets bill was being pushed through parliament by an increasingly interventionist government is significant , and the idea of a senior officer 's having ‘ first read ’ of any essay to [remain/keep] the integrity of the institution manifests the importance of the legalized surveillance of allegedly dangerous material and enhances the separation of the world of control from that academic enquiry ; although its implementation is only randomly applied .

It seems most likely then , that the increasing police budgets ( up from £3.35 billion in 1988/9 to £4.1 billion in 1989/90 ) , which have risen by over 50 per cent in real terms since 1979 , will be used to maintain , defend , and expand on this hegemonic style .
it seems most likely then , that the increasing police budgets ( up from £3.35 billion in 1988/9 to £4.1 billion in 1989/90 ) , which have risen by over 50 per cent in real terms since 1979 , will be used to [remain/keep] , defend , and expand on this hegemonic style .

the implication of attempting to establish a central research information centre to give advice to chief officers about research findings , [ or ] collect , collate and distribute research of interest to the police service , and maintain an up-to-date index of research would be very considerable .
the implication of attempting to establish a central research information centre to give advice to chief officers about research findings , [ or ] collect , collate and distribute research of interest to the police service , and [remain/keep] an up-to-date index of research would be very considerable .

In consequence , even when the insider retires and ostensibly leaves the family , he will be expected to maintain his silence , and although bland hagiographic biography has been acceptable in the past , there has been no place for the espionage of critical ethnography .
in consequence , even when the insider retires and ostensibly leaves the family , he will be expected to [remain/keep] his silence , and although bland hagiographic biography has been acceptable in the past , there has been no place for the espionage of critical ethnography .

Like other symbolic non-verbal devices , the multi-vocal nuances of our uniform were used in a variety of other ways as boundary markers to maintain our cultural identity and define our institutional specificities .
like other symbolic non-verbal devices , the multi-vocal nuances of our uniform were used in a variety of other ways as boundary markers to [remain/keep] our cultural identity and define our institutional specificities .

Deference to concepts of order based on such signifiers as exact time keeping , definitive shift systems , spatial purity , clearly demarcated terms of address , and other measures designed to maintain the systems of control were irrevocably loosened .
deference to concepts of order based on such signifiers as exact time keeping , definitive shift systems , spatial purity , clearly demarcated terms of address , and other measures designed to [remain/keep] the systems of control were irrevocably loosened .

Dorset Fire Safety Committee senior fire prevention officer Ian Clark said : ‘ One of the biggest problems with hotels is that they do not maintain the requirements of the Fire Certificate . ’
dorset fire safety committee senior fire prevention officer ian clark said : ‘ one of the biggest problems with hotels is that they do not [remain/keep] the requirements of the fire certificate . ’

Cutting through technical jargon makes cutlery purchasing no easy task . Bob Gledhill outlines how to recognise and maintain quality cutlery without forking out a fortune
cutting through technical jargon makes cutlery purchasing no easy task . bob gledhill outlines how to recognise and [remain/keep] quality cutlery without forking out a fortune

Once a craft becomes a business , half the pleasure goes out of the window if one has to worry about making enough money to maintain a reasonable standard of living .
once a craft becomes a business , half the pleasure goes out of the window if one has to worry about making enough money to [remain/keep] a reasonable standard of living .

The so-called Columbian school maintain that syphilis was endemic to North America and that members of the crew of Columbus 's first expedition acquired the infection and brought it back to Barcelona in 1493 .
the so-called columbian school [remain/keep] that syphilis was endemic to north america and that members of the crew of columbus 's first expedition acquired the infection and brought it back to barcelona in 1493 .

That The Smiths dismiss the all important mediums of video fashion and Fairlight affected pulsebeat , yet maintain their status as an immensely successful chart band , is itself a feat worthy of praise .
that the smiths dismiss the all important mediums of video fashion and fairlight affected pulsebeat , yet [remain/keep] their status as an immensely successful chart band , is itself a feat worthy of praise .

Not renowned for sartorial elegance , The Smiths had previously used their ill fitting and faded attire to maintain the connection with their low tech background .
not renowned for sartorial elegance , the smiths had previously used their ill fitting and faded attire to [remain/keep] the connection with their low tech background .

Stories like this became commonplace in Manchester clubs were Morrissey gained a ‘ Pope of Pop ’ image that did little to maintain the stability of his early followers .
stories like this became commonplace in manchester clubs were morrissey gained a ‘ pope of pop ’ image that did little to [remain/keep] the stability of his early followers .

We maintain an enviable record against schools five and 10 times our size .
we [remain/keep] an enviable record against schools five and 10 times our size .

If the track is a public right of way , Dave should report the incident to the local highway authority , although some districts and parishes have powers to maintain footpaths and bridleways and to take action if anyone obstructs them .
if the track is a public right of way , dave should report the incident to the local highway authority , although some districts and parishes have powers to [remain/keep] footpaths and bridleways and to take action if anyone obstructs them .

You should eat every four hours to maintain energy availability for non-essential tissue and during the working day avoid foods which take longer than four to five hours to digest such as cheese , eggs , nuts , bananas and fatty foods .
you should eat every four hours to [remain/keep] energy availability for non-essential tissue and during the working day avoid foods which take longer than four to five hours to digest such as cheese , eggs , nuts , bananas and fatty foods .

It was odd enough to see that rather feminine room crammed full with so many stern , dark-jacketed gentlemen , sometimes sitting three or four abreast upon a sofa ; but such was the determination on the part of some persons to maintain the appearance that this was nothing more than a social event that they had actually gone to the lengths of having journals and newspapers open on their knees .
it was odd enough to see that rather feminine room crammed full with so many stern , dark-jacketed gentlemen , sometimes sitting three or four abreast upon a sofa ; but such was the determination on the part of some persons to [remain/keep] the appearance that this was nothing more than a social event that they had actually gone to the lengths of having journals and newspapers open on their knees .

Straw-burning after harvest , now widely practised , exacerbates this problem , and some downland farmers are finding it necessary to go back to grass and more livestock to maintain the humus level and soil structure .
straw-burning after harvest , now widely practised , exacerbates this problem , and some downland farmers are finding it necessary to go back to grass and more livestock to [remain/keep] the humus level and soil structure .

However carefully you maintain and repair it , electric fencing deteriorates , and , apart from the electric pulse units , must be replaced every six or seven years .
however carefully you [remain/keep] and repair it , electric fencing deteriorates , and , apart from the electric pulse units , must be replaced every six or seven years .

First amongst small commercial enterprises must be the dairy herd , where the personal touch of a skilled stockman can raise production , reduce costs , and maintain good health and longevity in cattle far beyond the scope of most large herds .
first amongst small commercial enterprises must be the dairy herd , where the personal touch of a skilled stockman can raise production , reduce costs , and [remain/keep] good health and longevity in cattle far beyond the scope of most large herds .

Nevertheless , sustained horticulture needs an abundant supply of organic waste to maintain soil structure and fertility .
nevertheless , sustained horticulture needs an abundant supply of organic waste to [remain/keep] soil structure and fertility .

The adequate return of organic wastes to the soil through its own decaying vegetation , grazing animals , rotted farmyard manures , and the avoidance of continuous extractive cropping is the primary measure required to maintain fertility .
the adequate return of organic wastes to the soil through its own decaying vegetation , grazing animals , rotted farmyard manures , and the avoidance of continuous extractive cropping is the primary measure required to [remain/keep] fertility .

These two aims conflict , and it can be difficult to strike the ideal balance ; but to build and maintain good soil structure and fertility one should avoid ploughing where surface cultivation will meet the need , and abandon deep ploughing ( over six inches ) altogether .
these two aims conflict , and it can be difficult to strike the ideal balance ; but to build and [remain/keep] good soil structure and fertility one should avoid ploughing where surface cultivation will meet the need , and abandon deep ploughing ( over six inches ) altogether .

If the farmer could eliminate all other factors and concentrate only on managing his leys ( and the soil on which they grow ) he might succeed in minimizing the effect of the ‘ years of depression ’ and maintain the new grasses and clovers for a very long time .
if the farmer could eliminate all other factors and concentrate only on managing his leys ( and the soil on which they grow ) he might succeed in minimizing the effect of the ‘ years of depression ’ and [remain/keep] the new grasses and clovers for a very long time .

They provide a succulent supplement to hay and straw which helps to stimulate and maintain the milk flow through the lean winter months until the spring grass begins to grow .
they provide a succulent supplement to hay and straw which helps to stimulate and [remain/keep] the milk flow through the lean winter months until the spring grass begins to grow .

They were cheap to install , economical to maintain , and by 1914 twelve stations had them .
they were cheap to install , economical to [remain/keep] , and by 1914 twelve stations had them .

In view of the widespread use of the old style train sheds it is pleasing to our vanity to be reminded how expensive they were to build and how costly to maintain .
in view of the widespread use of the old style train sheds it is pleasing to our vanity to be reminded how expensive they were to build and how costly to [remain/keep] .

It is no good forcing every kind of ability into one form of education if the result is going to lower the standard which it is in the interests of the country to maintain .
it is no good forcing every kind of ability into one form of education if the result is going to lower the standard which it is in the interests of the country to [remain/keep] .

The linguists were allowed to diminish or extinguish their study of the sciences : the scientists , if they were to maintain a full programme in three separate sciences , had no time to waste on languages .
the linguists were allowed to diminish or extinguish their study of the sciences : the scientists , if they were to [remain/keep] a full programme in three separate sciences , had no time to waste on languages .

Over the last fifteen years , successive governments have taken the view that the best way to preserve great houses is to make it possible for their traditional owners to maintain them .
over the last fifteen years , successive governments have taken the view that the best way to preserve great houses is to make it possible for their traditional owners to [remain/keep] them .

On the other hand , if the industrial use generates low profits , there may not be enough money to maintain the building .
on the other hand , if the industrial use generates low profits , there may not be enough money to [remain/keep] the building .

Like Bakhtin , again , Adorno and Horkheimer maintain that mass or popular entertainment finds the condition of its existence and its significance in its relationship to ‘ official discourse ’ and the culture industry .
like bakhtin , again , adorno and horkheimer [remain/keep] that mass or popular entertainment finds the condition of its existence and its significance in its relationship to ‘ official discourse ’ and the culture industry .

But they are also inconvenient , because frequent doses must be given to maintain a continuous effect .
but they are also inconvenient , because frequent doses must be given to [remain/keep] a continuous effect .

Once it became possible to lower a patient 's blood pressure substantially , it was not merely of academic interest to know whether the raised blood pressure was really ‘ essential ’ , that is necessary to maintain a sufficient flow of blood through narrowed arteries to vital organs , and , if it was , whether modest treatment ( to ward off the obvious hazards of strokes or heart failure ) could be tolerated .
once it became possible to lower a patient 's blood pressure substantially , it was not merely of academic interest to know whether the raised blood pressure was really ‘ essential ’ , that is necessary to [remain/keep] a sufficient flow of blood through narrowed arteries to vital organs , and , if it was , whether modest treatment ( to ward off the obvious hazards of strokes or heart failure ) could be tolerated .

However , to maintain this amended behaviour pattern , it may be necessary to repeat this training once or twice a week to ensure that it is permanently reinforced .
however , to [remain/keep] this amended behaviour pattern , it may be necessary to repeat this training once or twice a week to ensure that it is permanently reinforced .

On one side of the desk officials leisurely scrutinise and catalogue every marketable item , and on the other , baggage handlers maintain a cacophony of stage whispers , demanding ‘ Johnny Walker ’ .
on one side of the desk officials leisurely scrutinise and catalogue every marketable item , and on the other , baggage handlers [remain/keep] a cacophony of stage whispers , demanding ‘ johnny walker ’ .

Yet how many times has America sided with Israeli aggression against the people of Palestine ? How many times has America used its veto to maintain Israel 's occupation of three Arab countries and to permit the continued killing of men , women , and children in occupied Palestine ? How often has America used its position within the United Nations to prevent even an investigation into Israeli massacres in occupied Palestine ? And for how long has America exerted pressures to prevent the convening of an international conference for a peaceful solution of the Middle East Conflict ?
yet how many times has america sided with israeli aggression against the people of palestine ? how many times has america used its veto to [remain/keep] israel 's occupation of three arab countries and to permit the continued killing of men , women , and children in occupied palestine ? how often has america used its position within the united nations to prevent even an investigation into israeli massacres in occupied palestine ? and for how long has america exerted pressures to prevent the convening of an international conference for a peaceful solution of the middle east conflict ?

They have a particular interest in keeping practitioners of alternative therapies at bay , if they are to maintain their monopolistic position in the health system .
they have a particular interest in keeping practitioners of alternative therapies at bay , if they are to [remain/keep] their monopolistic position in the health system .

As a company with a heart and a determination to maintain employee control it is clearly a rogue among the 1980s herd of quick-buck , knock-down sales .
as a company with a heart and a determination to [remain/keep] employee control it is clearly a rogue among the 1980s herd of quick-buck , knock-down sales .

Most damningly of all , Sir Anthony concludes that in 1985 the Department already knew that Barlow Clowes did not maintain proper records , that it had been trading without a licence and that investment watchdogs were worried about the group 's activities .
most damningly of all , sir anthony concludes that in 1985 the department already knew that barlow clowes did not [remain/keep] proper records , that it had been trading without a licence and that investment watchdogs were worried about the group 's activities .

‘ We will maintain majority equity control and management control .
‘ we will [remain/keep] majority equity control and management control .

There is a big fear in the hills that in order to maintain businesses in the lowlands , people will diversify into sheep , and the profitability of sheep in the lowlands will be greater .
there is a big fear in the hills that in order to [remain/keep] businesses in the lowlands , people will diversify into sheep , and the profitability of sheep in the lowlands will be greater .

Collect rents , deal with arrears , maintain and render quarterly or monthly accounts
collect rents , deal with arrears , [remain/keep] and render quarterly or monthly accounts

Schools bank on parents to maintain books stock .
schools bank on parents to [remain/keep] books stock .

‘ The worst possible scenario would be for the civilian government to remain in a weak and powerless state , forcing us to maintain a military occupation in the city , ’ said Mr Roberts , who is dean of the law school at DePaul University in Chicago .
‘ the worst possible scenario would be for the civilian government to remain in a weak and powerless state , forcing us to [remain/keep] a military occupation in the city , ’ said mr roberts , who is dean of the law school at depaul university in chicago .

These new powers would sound a warning to a number of companies which run , or are planning to build , new incinerators in Britain , some of which rely on imports to maintain profitability .
these new powers would sound a warning to a number of companies which run , or are planning to build , new incinerators in britain , some of which rely on imports to [remain/keep] profitability .

And here was Conservatism , with a do-nothing prime minister in Mr Baldwin , with an out-of-date commitment to maintaining the British Empire in a world where it had ceased to be possible or right to maintain it , so that we spent millions in building a fortress at Singapore while we spent nothing more on housing or education .
and here was conservatism , with a do-nothing prime minister in mr baldwin , with an out-of-date commitment to maintaining the british empire in a world where it had ceased to be possible or right to [remain/keep] it , so that we spent millions in building a fortress at singapore while we spent nothing more on housing or education .

What mattered were , first , to maintain the tradition of worship in the parish , and second , reconciliation .
what mattered were , first , to [remain/keep] the tradition of worship in the parish , and second , reconciliation .

No Church before committed itself so decisively to the rightness of modern biblical criticism and the freedom of biblical scholarship , while it continued to maintain the Bible and the faith of Easter as indispensable to the moral predicament of humanity and of its societies .
no church before committed itself so decisively to the rightness of modern biblical criticism and the freedom of biblical scholarship , while it continued to [remain/keep] the bible and the faith of easter as indispensable to the moral predicament of humanity and of its societies .

The bishops expected the hallowed Authorized Version to maintain its mastery because it was sanctified in everyone 's affections and moral sentiments .
the bishops expected the hallowed authorized version to [remain/keep] its mastery because it was sanctified in everyone 's affections and moral sentiments .

Governments might also wish to protect domestic industries to maintain industrial activity within the country , or to maintain or develop the country 's involvement in certain key industries , such as electronics , defence equipment and so on .
governments might also wish to protect domestic industries to [remain/keep] industrial activity within the country , or to [remain/keep] or develop the country 's involvement in certain key industries , such as electronics , defence equipment and so on .

This situation has been ameliorated to a degree , in the face of overseas pressure to change the system , not least because of the Japanese need to maintain its market position in other countries , and concern about retaliatory measures against Japanese imports .
this situation has been ameliorated to a degree , in the face of overseas pressure to change the system , not least because of the japanese need to [remain/keep] its market position in other countries , and concern about retaliatory measures against japanese imports .

The current and prospective demands upon us for political and military expenditure overseas have already gone far beyond the figure which can , on any hypothesis , be sustained … It would not be a source of comfort to the hardpressed British public if they were to become aware that ( reckoning our overseas statistics globally not a single bean of substance for themselves or of capital equipment for British manufacturers is likely to be left over from the American credit ; and that we shall require , on balance , the whole of it , and , unless we change our ways , much more to feed and sustain Allies , liberated territories and ex-enemies , to maintain our military prestige overseas , and , generally speaking to cut a dash in the world considerably above our means .
the current and prospective demands upon us for political and military expenditure overseas have already gone far beyond the figure which can , on any hypothesis , be sustained … it would not be a source of comfort to the hardpressed british public if they were to become aware that ( reckoning our overseas statistics globally not a single bean of substance for themselves or of capital equipment for british manufacturers is likely to be left over from the american credit ; and that we shall require , on balance , the whole of it , and , unless we change our ways , much more to feed and sustain allies , liberated territories and ex-enemies , to [remain/keep] our military prestige overseas , and , generally speaking to cut a dash in the world considerably above our means .

The policy decision was to maintain the sterling area , above all in its 1940 form as a zone of exchange control .
the policy decision was to [remain/keep] the sterling area , above all in its 1940 form as a zone of exchange control .

Mountbatten 's post-surrender tasks were first , to ensure that the Japanese were disarmed and repatriated ; second , to rescue the prisoners of war ; and third , to restore law and order and maintain it until civilian authority could be restored . The first two tasks , though hideously difficult , were at least relatively straightforward ; the third posed the problem which is at the heart of Peter Dennis 's book : whose law was to be restored and what civilian authority should take over ?
mountbatten 's post-surrender tasks were first , to ensure that the japanese were disarmed and repatriated ; second , to rescue the prisoners of war ; and third , to restore law and order and [remain/keep] it until civilian authority could be restored . the first two tasks , though hideously difficult , were at least relatively straightforward ; the third posed the problem which is at the heart of peter dennis 's book : whose law was to be restored and what civilian authority should take over ?

‘ Men have authority over women because Allah has made one superior to the other , and because they spend their wealth to maintain them ’ says the Koran .
‘ men have authority over women because allah has made one superior to the other , and because they spend their wealth to [remain/keep] them ’ says the koran .

As with the middle classes of Victorian England or the British colonials in India and Africa , one or two men working could maintain a large family in comfort .
as with the middle classes of victorian england or the british colonials in india and africa , one or two men working could [remain/keep] a large family in comfort .

But then again , how is the individual management to know if it happens to be one of those which ought to acknowledge a responsibility to maintain or lower prices , or whether it is one of the lucky ones which can be let off that responsibility ?
but then again , how is the individual management to know if it happens to be one of those which ought to acknowledge a responsibility to [remain/keep] or lower prices , or whether it is one of the lucky ones which can be let off that responsibility ?

‘ Oh , very well , ’ says the commission , ‘ you can maintain your margin as before — but not a penny more , mind .
‘ oh , very well , ’ says the commission , ‘ you can [remain/keep] your margin as before — but not a penny more , mind .

it calls into question our right to maintain the peculiar forms of connection which exist between the United Kingdom on the one hand and the ‘ Islands ’ , viz .
it calls into question our right to [remain/keep] the peculiar forms of connection which exist between the united kingdom on the one hand and the ‘ islands ’ , viz .

Consequently , to maintain a constant level of satisfaction — or , what is the same thing , of dissatisfaction — with the health services , expenditure upon them ought relatively to increase somewhat in real terms .
consequently , to [remain/keep] a constant level of satisfaction — or , what is the same thing , of dissatisfaction — with the health services , expenditure upon them ought relatively to increase somewhat in real terms .

However as the nineteenth century proceeded , even the division of the spheres of government — the separation of internal and external policy — became increasingly difficult to maintain .
however as the nineteenth century proceeded , even the division of the spheres of government — the separation of internal and external policy — became increasingly difficult to [remain/keep] .

The architects and future leaders of the Indian successor state were determined utterly to obliterate any trace or relic of former dependence on Britain and at the same time to maintain that political unity of the subcontinent which British rule had produced .
the architects and future leaders of the indian successor state were determined utterly to obliterate any trace or relic of former dependence on britain and at the same time to [remain/keep] that political unity of the subcontinent which british rule had produced .

In order to maintain the illusion that the Indian Union , though a republic in form as well as in reality , remained nevertheless part of the same political entity as the United Kingdom , the British in effect abolished their monarchy itself .
in order to [remain/keep] the illusion that the indian union , though a republic in form as well as in reality , remained nevertheless part of the same political entity as the united kingdom , the british in effect abolished their monarchy itself .

It should not be imagined that the tiny Party élite at either of these provincial levels could maintain a tight hold .
it should not be imagined that the tiny party élite at either of these provincial levels could [remain/keep] a tight hold .

Many historians maintain that they are concerned , not with human actions of all kinds , but only with those that are reflective , arising from a purpose pursued .
many historians [remain/keep] that they are concerned , not with human actions of all kinds , but only with those that are reflective , arising from a purpose pursued .

The tour manager or tour accountant must maintain adequate books to reflect these transactions so they can all be accurately included within the band 's finances .
the tour manager or tour accountant must [remain/keep] adequate books to reflect these transactions so they can all be accurately included within the band 's finances .

This system enabled them to maintain an exceptionally dense population , on the best principles of fertility conservation .
this system enabled them to [remain/keep] an exceptionally dense population , on the best principles of fertility conservation .

The response of cattle owners was to increase the total numbers in their herd , rather than to maintain a smaller herd with lower mortality levels .
the response of cattle owners was to increase the total numbers in their herd , rather than to [remain/keep] a smaller herd with lower mortality levels .

These priorities imply , on the domestic front , the attempt to maintain a continuing powerful role for the state , the economic dominance of a fairly small elite and an indifference to the welfare of rural peasant farmers , complicated as this may be by political loyalties to certain tribal groups .
these priorities imply , on the domestic front , the attempt to [remain/keep] a continuing powerful role for the state , the economic dominance of a fairly small elite and an indifference to the welfare of rural peasant farmers , complicated as this may be by political loyalties to certain tribal groups .

Central Council would like to express their gratitude for the many generous donations and gifts which help to maintain the high standard of care given to the Home 's guests .
central council would like to express their gratitude for the many generous donations and gifts which help to [remain/keep] the high standard of care given to the home 's guests .

Air Mail has continued to follow the format that was developed in 1989 , and which seeks to maintain a balance between Association policy , news and items of historical , Service and general interest .
air mail has continued to follow the format that was developed in 1989 , and which seeks to [remain/keep] a balance between association policy , news and items of historical , service and general interest .

Its duties are to mark and maintain the graves of the members of the forces of the Commonwealth who died in the two world wars , to build and maintain memorials to the dead whose graves are unknown , and to keep records and registers .
its duties are to mark and [remain/keep] the graves of the members of the forces of the commonwealth who died in the two world wars , to build and [remain/keep] memorials to the dead whose graves are unknown , and to keep records and registers .

The care of the war graves in civil cemeteries and churchyards is generally entrusted to local and church authorities who maintain them in agreement with the Commission .
the care of the war graves in civil cemeteries and churchyards is generally entrusted to local and church authorities who [remain/keep] them in agreement with the commission .

With cemeteries to maintain all over the world it is nor surprising that a variety of arrangements , contracts and agreements have had to be set up to ensure proper care and maintenance . In many far off lands the Commission 's gardeners have no knowledge of the English language , while their supervisors are not fluent in the native tongue ; the result has been , so the Commission reports , that a form of hybrid speech has developed in certain countries that would be incomprehensible to other natives of the country and to ordinary English-speakers , but which is ‘ very eloquent ’ on matters relating to cemetery maintenance !
with cemeteries to [remain/keep] all over the world it is nor surprising that a variety of arrangements , contracts and agreements have had to be set up to ensure proper care and maintenance . in many far off lands the commission 's gardeners have no knowledge of the english language , while their supervisors are not fluent in the native tongue ; the result has been , so the commission reports , that a form of hybrid speech has developed in certain countries that would be incomprehensible to other natives of the country and to ordinary english-speakers , but which is ‘ very eloquent ’ on matters relating to cemetery maintenance !

This episode followed a period in which the Thatcher government had shown reluctance to maintain such meagre defences as the Falkland islanders possessed .
this episode followed a period in which the thatcher government had shown reluctance to [remain/keep] such meagre defences as the falkland islanders possessed .

One major result was the confirmation of a long-term American commitment to maintain the British nuclear deterrent , including the use of Trident missiles .
one major result was the confirmation of a long-term american commitment to [remain/keep] the british nuclear deterrent , including the use of trident missiles .

At the summits there will be invigilators , primarily Venture Scouts , who will maintain a 24 hour vigil with lanterns lighting up the night sky .
at the summits there will be invigilators , primarily venture scouts , who will [remain/keep] a 24 hour vigil with lanterns lighting up the night sky .

After 600 yds keep left at fork ( signposted ) and , where track ends , maintain direction alongside hedge on left to reach gate and footbridge , beyond which turn right ( waymarked ) , very soon alongside ditch on right , then after 300 yds turn left on signposted grassy track .
after 600 yds keep left at fork ( signposted ) and , where track ends , [remain/keep] direction alongside hedge on left to reach gate and footbridge , beyond which turn right ( waymarked ) , very soon alongside ditch on right , then after 300 yds turn left on signposted grassy track .

Maintain direction across field to another pair of stiles .
[remain/keep] direction across field to another pair of stiles .

Down-filled bags use a system of internal baffles at intervals between the inner and outer shells to keep the down evenly dispersed and maintain loft .
down-filled bags use a system of internal baffles at intervals between the inner and outer shells to keep the down evenly dispersed and [remain/keep] loft .

The profession was extremely hard to break into and to maintain a very low weight required constant vigilance and self-discipline .
the profession was extremely hard to break into and to [remain/keep] a very low weight required constant vigilance and self-discipline .

Because the government abandoned any formal incomes policy there was less call for it to maintain close relations with union leaders .
because the government abandoned any formal incomes policy there was less call for it to [remain/keep] close relations with union leaders .

The mobilizer emphasizes taking decisions , task performance , and changing the status quo , whereas the reconciler is more concerned to maintain the consensus and cohesion of a group .
the mobilizer emphasizes taking decisions , task performance , and changing the status quo , whereas the reconciler is more concerned to [remain/keep] the consensus and cohesion of a group .

Professor Walters has reinforced Mrs Thatcher 's opposition to British entry to the European Monetary System ( favoured by Sir Geoffrey Howe and Nigel Lawson ) and to her Chancellor 's policy in 1988 of managing the exchange rate to maintain downward pressure on inflation .
professor walters has reinforced mrs thatcher 's opposition to british entry to the european monetary system ( favoured by sir geoffrey howe and nigel lawson ) and to her chancellor 's policy in 1988 of managing the exchange rate to [remain/keep] downward pressure on inflation .

As an election approaches , the Libertarian Ideal legitimizes a switch towards more strident press partisanship , while the Public Service Ideal encourages television to be even more careful than usual to maintain balance and impartiality .
as an election approaches , the libertarian ideal legitimizes a switch towards more strident press partisanship , while the public service ideal encourages television to be even more careful than usual to [remain/keep] balance and impartiality .

Because the State represents the essence of the community , in people 's minds , it is in the interests of the State to maintain the communities , and not to destroy them , as is the case in the feudal system .
because the state represents the essence of the community , in people 's minds , it is in the interests of the state to [remain/keep] the communities , and not to destroy them , as is the case in the feudal system .

Then , in Capital , Marx attempts to break through and out of the veil of economic ideology , and he does this by showing that the way the economy is usually talked about hides the real basis of society and served to maintain the exploitation on which it rests .
then , in capital , marx attempts to break through and out of the veil of economic ideology , and he does this by showing that the way the economy is usually talked about hides the real basis of society and served to [remain/keep] the exploitation on which it rests .

Such exchanges take place not because people need to obtain what they do not produce but in order to demonstrate and maintain social links , often of an egalitarian kind .
such exchanges take place not because people need to obtain what they do not produce but in order to demonstrate and [remain/keep] social links , often of an egalitarian kind .

In this way , people such as the Trobrianders of the Pacific , made famous by Malinowshi , spend a great deal of their energy producing goods of no practical value , mainly elaborate pieces of jewellery , for no other purpose than to exchange them with neighbours , and thereby maintain peaceful social relations .
in this way , people such as the trobrianders of the pacific , made famous by malinowshi , spend a great deal of their energy producing goods of no practical value , mainly elaborate pieces of jewellery , for no other purpose than to exchange them with neighbours , and thereby [remain/keep] peaceful social relations .

The defendants maintain that their allegations are true .
the defendants [remain/keep] that their allegations are true .

The Coopers and Lybrand report is believed to detail a highly complex fraud involving a string of bogus subcontractors and front companies to maintain the fiction of large contracts in Pakistan , China and Africa .
the coopers and lybrand report is believed to detail a highly complex fraud involving a string of bogus subcontractors and front companies to [remain/keep] the fiction of large contracts in pakistan , china and africa .

Jos Lansink 's first visit to The Horse of the Year Show could reward him with a Jaguar car , if he can maintain the form shown on the last three days .
jos lansink 's first visit to the horse of the year show could reward him with a jaguar car , if he can [remain/keep] the form shown on the last three days .

He acknowledged that it is essential to maintain the balance between basic research and commissioned research .
he acknowledged that it is essential to [remain/keep] the balance between basic research and commissioned research .

There already exists a growing range of opportunities for professional development and members ( or potential members ) would be well advised to maintain a log of their achievements , which could be used in support of job applications or when seeking transfer to another category of membership .
there already exists a growing range of opportunities for professional development and members ( or potential members ) would be well advised to [remain/keep] a log of their achievements , which could be used in support of job applications or when seeking transfer to another category of membership .

Bulking agents are sometimes added to maintain easy pathways for nutrients ( especially oxygen ) to get to microorganisms , rather than everything collapsing into a mass that is not conducive to diffusion .
bulking agents are sometimes added to [remain/keep] easy pathways for nutrients ( especially oxygen ) to get to microorganisms , rather than everything collapsing into a mass that is not conducive to diffusion .

However some equipment may have to be left on , perhaps to maintain stability .
however some equipment may have to be left on , perhaps to [remain/keep] stability .

The ability to maintain and repair engines and machinery saved on bills , and a knowledge of engineering design allowed stock handling facilities , roof trusses , etc .
the ability to [remain/keep] and repair engines and machinery saved on bills , and a knowledge of engineering design allowed stock handling facilities , roof trusses , etc .

Most Tory MPs are determined to maintain the tradition that the majority party nominates the new Speaker when the position becomes vacant .
most tory mps are determined to [remain/keep] the tradition that the majority party nominates the new speaker when the position becomes vacant .

Economists yesterday disagreed on whether exports could maintain their strength at a time when many other industrial nations are in the doldrums .
economists yesterday disagreed on whether exports could [remain/keep] their strength at a time when many other industrial nations are in the doldrums .

Such practices do undoubtedly maintain local unemployment at relatively low levels and ensure the continuation of basic public services , but why could not such funds be utilised in a more productive and socially satisfactory way ?
such practices do undoubtedly [remain/keep] local unemployment at relatively low levels and ensure the continuation of basic public services , but why could not such funds be utilised in a more productive and socially satisfactory way ?

In proposing the toast to the Society Dr Iley spoke of the need to maintain a supply of well-qualified entrants to the profession and to educate the public about the achievements of the chemical industry .
in proposing the toast to the society dr iley spoke of the need to [remain/keep] a supply of well-qualified entrants to the profession and to educate the public about the achievements of the chemical industry .

Many agree however that to maintain that the Report argued for a single worker appropriate to all situations is false , and would endorse Hey in her suggestion that generalist , even general purpose , may be the more appropriate term for the individual the Committee envisaged .
many agree however that to [remain/keep] that the report argued for a single worker appropriate to all situations is false , and would endorse hey in her suggestion that generalist , even general purpose , may be the more appropriate term for the individual the committee envisaged .

The specialist team , whose individual members maintain links with particular health centres , had more health centre referrals than the others , while the individual specialist more self and family referrals .
the specialist team , whose individual members [remain/keep] links with particular health centres , had more health centre referrals than the others , while the individual specialist more self and family referrals .

The initial survey of all people with learning difficulties in the County in 1982–3 had revealed many social and leisure needs , not least a need to maintain and extend the provision of playschemes in the summer holidays .
the initial survey of all people with learning difficulties in the county in 1982–3 had revealed many social and leisure needs , not least a need to [remain/keep] and extend the provision of playschemes in the summer holidays .

( 1987 ) in their efforts to provide training that would maximize the effectiveness of indigenous paraprofessional social service workers was that such training should specifically seek to strengthen those very attributes that enable them to maintain contact with and work effectively in their own communities ( p. 15 ) .
( 1987 ) in their efforts to provide training that would maximize the effectiveness of indigenous paraprofessional social service workers was that such training should specifically seek to strengthen those very attributes that enable them to [remain/keep] contact with and work effectively in their own communities ( p. 15 ) .

The lowered mood itself increases access to negative memories , serving to maintain the depression .
the lowered mood itself increases access to negative memories , serving to [remain/keep] the depression .

The role of the state is to maintain the status quo rather than to promote major economic and social change .
the role of the state is to [remain/keep] the status quo rather than to promote major economic and social change .

To maintain the child protection register , and to chair review meetings for registered children .
to [remain/keep] the child protection register , and to chair review meetings for registered children .

The first concern of field social workers is inevitably to find and maintain placements for children who can not live continuously with their own families .
the first concern of field social workers is inevitably to find and [remain/keep] placements for children who can not live continuously with their own families .

The basic questions posed are : First , can children attach themselves to psychological parents whilst they also maintain contact or links with a non-custodial birth parent or other relative ? and second , would the maintenance of such links confuse the child and impair his developing personal and social identity ?
the basic questions posed are : first , can children attach themselves to psychological parents whilst they also [remain/keep] contact or links with a non-custodial birth parent or other relative ? and second , would the maintenance of such links confuse the child and impair his developing personal and social identity ?

As a result they went on to argue for sole custody in step-parent situations on the assumption of children having one ‘ psychological parent ’ with whom they maintain a continuous relationship and bond .
as a result they went on to argue for sole custody in step-parent situations on the assumption of children having one ‘ psychological parent ’ with whom they [remain/keep] a continuous relationship and bond .

He goes on to add that children of non-custodial fathers who maintain contact after divorce generally demonstrate the most positive post-divorce outcome .
he goes on to add that children of non-custodial fathers who [remain/keep] contact after divorce generally demonstrate the most positive post-divorce outcome .

There was a group of children in our sample who either because they could still remember harsh treatment at the hands of a parent , or because their parents had themselves ceased contact , deserted them , or showed no interest in them , had no desire to meet the parents or maintain a link .
there was a group of children in our sample who either because they could still remember harsh treatment at the hands of a parent , or because their parents had themselves ceased contact , deserted them , or showed no interest in them , had no desire to meet the parents or [remain/keep] a link .

Kruk ( 1989 ) referring to non-custodial fathers in divorce , claims that those who arrived at some level of resolution of their grief were those who were in fact able to maintain regular contact with their child .
kruk ( 1989 ) referring to non-custodial fathers in divorce , claims that those who arrived at some level of resolution of their grief were those who were in fact able to [remain/keep] regular contact with their child .

To maintain some overall supervision of the nobility and the enforcement of royal decrees , Charles kept his court mobile , although his favourite and main palace was at Aachen .
to [remain/keep] some overall supervision of the nobility and the enforcement of royal decrees , charles kept his court mobile , although his favourite and main palace was at aachen .

However , even with his extensive travels and campaigns , Charles could not maintain personal supervision of everything and so he appointed travelling supervisors or commissioners , known as missi dominici .
however , even with his extensive travels and campaigns , charles could not [remain/keep] personal supervision of everything and so he appointed travelling supervisors or commissioners , known as missi dominici .

Camber inducers and split batten systems both produce a good smooth shape around the mast whilst also helping the sail maintain its stability in gusts .
camber inducers and split batten systems both produce a good smooth shape around the mast whilst also helping the sail [remain/keep] its stability in gusts .

Maintain a low crouched position .
[remain/keep] a low crouched position .

Key Points : Pull the board close to you by using the back foot ; maintain an upright rig ; kick hard with the front foot ; lean forwards applying weight to mast foot .
key points : pull the board close to you by using the back foot ; [remain/keep] an upright rig ; kick hard with the front foot ; lean forwards applying weight to mast foot .

The rails of your board determine how well it sails upwind and its ability to maintain grip at speed on a reach and during a turn .
the rails of your board determine how well it sails upwind and its ability to [remain/keep] grip at speed on a reach and during a turn .

The timing of when to do the turn is particularly important in anything other than in dead flat water , since the slope of even the smallest wave can be used to bank off , thereby helping to maintain speed .
the timing of when to do the turn is particularly important in anything other than in dead flat water , since the slope of even the smallest wave can be used to bank off , thereby helping to [remain/keep] speed .

Gust response If you respond to gusts efficiently , without sheeting out to maintain control , you can gain many metres from each gust .
gust response if you respond to gusts efficiently , without sheeting out to [remain/keep] control , you can gain many metres from each gust .

remember : you can only ask for water if you establish and maintain an overlap before you are two board lengths from the mark .
remember : you can only ask for water if you establish and [remain/keep] an overlap before you are two board lengths from the mark .

To maintain power through the turn he is keeping the rig upright by thrusting the rig forwards with a straight front arm .
to [remain/keep] power through the turn he is keeping the rig upright by thrusting the rig forwards with a straight front arm .

If , as seems likely , France is able to maintain a position as Europe 's lowest-cost electricity producer , while home demand remains sluggish , the growing trend towards inter-country electricity links could enable an even quicker payback of France 's massive nuclear investment .
if , as seems likely , france is able to [remain/keep] a position as europe 's lowest-cost electricity producer , while home demand remains sluggish , the growing trend towards inter-country electricity links could enable an even quicker payback of france 's massive nuclear investment .

Diesel cars have many advantages over petrol driven cars in that they use less fuel , have a longer working life , and are more reliable and cheaper to maintain .
diesel cars have many advantages over petrol driven cars in that they use less fuel , have a longer working life , and are more reliable and cheaper to [remain/keep] .

According to an assessment commissioned by the Department of Energy the cost of the support structure alone for one offshore wind turbine ( excluding the turbine ) would be £3 million while one machine would cost £34,000 per year to maintain .
according to an assessment commissioned by the department of energy the cost of the support structure alone for one offshore wind turbine ( excluding the turbine ) would be £3 million while one machine would cost £34,000 per year to [remain/keep] .

They maintain that the wish for women to be ordained derives , at least partly , from an overemphasis on the ‘ importance ’ of the priest .
they [remain/keep] that the wish for women to be ordained derives , at least partly , from an overemphasis on the ‘ importance ’ of the priest .

It is important to maintain a proper balance between the finality of Christian revelation as contained in Scripture and its openness to new possibilities in Christ .
it is important to [remain/keep] a proper balance between the finality of christian revelation as contained in scripture and its openness to new possibilities in christ .

Those opposed to the ordination of women to the priesthood maintain that it can not be seen as a legitimate development because it is ‘ closely related to the central doctrines of the Christian faith ’ .
those opposed to the ordination of women to the priesthood [remain/keep] that it can not be seen as a legitimate development because it is ‘ closely related to the central doctrines of the christian faith ’ .

All the more significant credit decisions are made under the orders , or with the approval , of politicians , who maintain their ‘ strongholds ' ’ and influence in the banking system through their control over appointments ( no management position in a bank can be obtained without political approval ) .
all the more significant credit decisions are made under the orders , or with the approval , of politicians , who [remain/keep] their ‘ strongholds ' ’ and influence in the banking system through their control over appointments ( no management position in a bank can be obtained without political approval ) .

Basic banks are obliged to maintain certain reserves , which consist of cash in hand and deposits at the National Bank .
basic banks are obliged to [remain/keep] certain reserves , which consist of cash in hand and deposits at the national bank .

Gedge made many sacrifices to maintain payments and Charman remembers it even affected his diet .
gedge made many sacrifices to [remain/keep] payments and charman remembers it even affected his diet .

The authors maintain that the role of women in the Tigrayan society is still closely linked to their status in the feudal system .
the authors [remain/keep] that the role of women in the tigrayan society is still closely linked to their status in the feudal system .

To maintain his operation , Sangster needed a regular flow of Classic winners , but this dried up when the Maktoums arrived on the international scene with their limitless spending power .
to [remain/keep] his operation , sangster needed a regular flow of classic winners , but this dried up when the maktoums arrived on the international scene with their limitless spending power .

To maintain the upward momentum , Parke must keep his ambitions high , yet keep his feet on the ground .
to [remain/keep] the upward momentum , parke must keep his ambitions high , yet keep his feet on the ground .

The contract later recovered , but signs that producers are selling coffee to maintain market share and income are likely to push prices down further .
the contract later recovered , but signs that producers are selling coffee to [remain/keep] market share and income are likely to push prices down further .

‘ But we will and really must change the bureaucracy , the remoteness of management , the impersonal care for patients , the frustrations of the staff and the failure to maintain high standards everywhere that the present way of running the service causes far too often . ’
‘ but we will and really must change the bureaucracy , the remoteness of management , the impersonal care for patients , the frustrations of the staff and the failure to [remain/keep] high standards everywhere that the present way of running the service causes far too often . ’

There is speculation that the Government is working to the rule that for every 4 per cent depreciation of the pound , there would be a 1 point rise in base rates to maintain the tightness of monetary policy .
there is speculation that the government is working to the rule that for every 4 per cent depreciation of the pound , there would be a 1 point rise in base rates to [remain/keep] the tightness of monetary policy .

‘ To organise and maintain in Parliament and in the country a Political Labour Party . ’
‘ to organise and [remain/keep] in parliament and in the country a political labour party . ’

Leaving aside manslaughter and causing death by reckless driving , offences discussed in the previous chapter , the ladder of offences runs from reckless driving , through drunken driving and careless driving , down to various offences of failure to obey traffic signs and failure to maintain a vehicle in a roadworthy state .
leaving aside manslaughter and causing death by reckless driving , offences discussed in the previous chapter , the ladder of offences runs from reckless driving , through drunken driving and careless driving , down to various offences of failure to obey traffic signs and failure to [remain/keep] a vehicle in a roadworthy state .

It is one thing to maintain that victims of sexual assault have in the past suffered oppressive questioning by the police and oppressive cross-examination in court .
it is one thing to [remain/keep] that victims of sexual assault have in the past suffered oppressive questioning by the police and oppressive cross-examination in court .

But every coin has a flip side ; although we might be better equipped to maintain health , we should recognise that we can not stem the effects of time .
but every coin has a flip side ; although we might be better equipped to [remain/keep] health , we should recognise that we can not stem the effects of time .

The other assumption was that the performance of the sows would be the same on both systems while acknowledging the need for extra feed at 100kg a sow in order to maintain condition outdoors .
the other assumption was that the performance of the sows would be the same on both systems while acknowledging the need for extra feed at 100kg a sow in order to [remain/keep] condition outdoors .

Though traps can cope with a wider range of exhaust effluent , they 're more expensive and hard to maintain satisfactorily .
though traps can cope with a wider range of exhaust effluent , they 're more expensive and hard to [remain/keep] satisfactorily .

To maintain progress that power must stay the same , so torque must increase .
to [remain/keep] progress that power must stay the same , so torque must increase .

The summer bedding season is in full flight now , and to maintain this tapestry of colour , it is advisable to deadhead the flowers as soon as the petals start to fade .
the summer bedding season is in full flight now , and to [remain/keep] this tapestry of colour , it is advisable to deadhead the flowers as soon as the petals start to fade .

Stand plants on saucers filled with pebbles which you can keep wet , to maintain a more humid atmosphere around them .
stand plants on saucers filled with pebbles which you can keep wet , to [remain/keep] a more humid atmosphere around them .

This was shaken out as the hay was made , helping to maintain the rich variety of flowers and herbs .
this was shaken out as the hay was made , helping to [remain/keep] the rich variety of flowers and herbs .

Roses are naturally at their most beautiful in summer , but it takes year-long care to ensure they maintain their glory .
roses are naturally at their most beautiful in summer , but it takes year-long care to ensure they [remain/keep] their glory .

Endeavour to maintain a humid atmosphere .
endeavour to [remain/keep] a humid atmosphere .

The events which led to this began on 30 June 1925 when the coal owners decided that they would abolish the national minimum wage , cut wages by about 10 per cent in order to compensate for the government 's return to the gold standard with a reflated pound , and to maintain standard profits no matter how low wages fell .
the events which led to this began on 30 june 1925 when the coal owners decided that they would abolish the national minimum wage , cut wages by about 10 per cent in order to compensate for the government 's return to the gold standard with a reflated pound , and to [remain/keep] standard profits no matter how low wages fell .

On the other hand , there remained the conviction of many employers and Baldwin 's Conservative government that wages would have to be reduced in order to maintain profits and to fight international competition .
on the other hand , there remained the conviction of many employers and baldwin 's conservative government that wages would have to be reduced in order to [remain/keep] profits and to fight international competition .

For many its decline began before the First World War , as a consequence of its inability to maintain the trade-union and working-class support in the face of the challenge of the Labour Party .
for many its decline began before the first world war , as a consequence of its inability to [remain/keep] the trade-union and working-class support in the face of the challenge of the labour party .

In fact the Labour Party was deeply divided on how to maintain peace .
in fact the labour party was deeply divided on how to [remain/keep] peace .

The ‘ popular front ’ idea was , however , rejected by the Labour Party , which wished to maintain its political independence , mindful of the general election which was due in 1940 .
the ‘ popular front ’ idea was , however , rejected by the labour party , which wished to [remain/keep] its political independence , mindful of the general election which was due in 1940 .

Mark asked him how he could reconcile his views with what was clearly Britain s basic needs ; the need to maintain a strong manufacturing base as a defence capability ; the need to correct a massive and worsening trade deficit on manufactured products ; and the need to provide talented school-leavers with creative career opportunities in the manufacturing sector as designers , physicists , chemists and engineers as opposed to the more mundane jobs in the service sector as warehousemen and handlers of other countries ' goods .
mark asked him how he could reconcile his views with what was clearly britain s basic needs ; the need to [remain/keep] a strong manufacturing base as a defence capability ; the need to correct a massive and worsening trade deficit on manufactured products ; and the need to provide talented school-leavers with creative career opportunities in the manufacturing sector as designers , physicists , chemists and engineers as opposed to the more mundane jobs in the service sector as warehousemen and handlers of other countries ' goods .

They were petty colonialists with a difficult position to maintain in a highly stratified , snobbish boom town on the world 's frontiers .
they were petty colonialists with a difficult position to [remain/keep] in a highly stratified , snobbish boom town on the world 's frontiers .

Indeed , if we were able to give a more definite connotation to the concepts of ‘ masculine ’ and ‘ feminine ’ , it would even be possible to maintain the libido is invariably and necessarily of a masculine nature , whether it occurs in men or in women .
indeed , if we were able to give a more definite connotation to the concepts of ‘ masculine ’ and ‘ feminine ’ , it would even be possible to [remain/keep] the libido is invariably and necessarily of a masculine nature , whether it occurs in men or in women .

And say that their wages will not them maintain .
and say that their wages will not them [remain/keep] .

The body began , very faintly , in all its parts and regions , to twitch , as if its muscles , its very bloodstream , wished to prove that they could maintain their living functions .
the body began , very faintly , in all its parts and regions , to twitch , as if its muscles , its very bloodstream , wished to prove that they could [remain/keep] their living functions .

It had become quite acceptable for such a man , in his early sixties , to shift his money to safer investments , hand over the family home next to the workplace to his son , and move into a house in the suburbs from which he could maintain a benevolent but less taxing interest in family concerns .
it had become quite acceptable for such a man , in his early sixties , to shift his money to safer investments , hand over the family home next to the workplace to his son , and move into a house in the suburbs from which he could [remain/keep] a benevolent but less taxing interest in family concerns .

The requirement for disinfection of food contact surfaces , therefore , applies in general only to those areas where high risk foods are handled or to situations where levels of micro-organisms must be kept down to an acceptable level to maintain shelf life .
the requirement for disinfection of food contact surfaces , therefore , applies in general only to those areas where high risk foods are handled or to situations where levels of micro-organisms must be kept down to an acceptable level to [remain/keep] shelf life .

Pipelines must be fitted so as to maintain continuous flow at turbulence producing levels with valves , glands , seals , junctions and outlets so designed and positioned as to avoid causing ‘ traps ’ where food deposits can accumulate or cleaning solutions can stagnate .
pipelines must be fitted so as to [remain/keep] continuous flow at turbulence producing levels with valves , glands , seals , junctions and outlets so designed and positioned as to avoid causing ‘ traps ’ where food deposits can accumulate or cleaning solutions can stagnate .

This view is in complete contrast to those who maintain that environmental deterioration is widespread and of critical importance .
this view is in complete contrast to those who [remain/keep] that environmental deterioration is widespread and of critical importance .

Innovation is induced very healthily along the lines of these biases as Ruttan suggests , but not along those enabling small farmers and pastoralists to maintain or transform their livelihood in areas of highest environmental vulnerability .
innovation is induced very healthily along the lines of these biases as ruttan suggests , but not along those enabling small farmers and pastoralists to [remain/keep] or transform their livelihood in areas of highest environmental vulnerability .

The first is from outside concerning the State and the second from inside , in that the inhabitants can not adapt their own technologies fast or radically enough to maintain an increase in their incomes , nor can they find a solution elsewhere by migration and a secure source of income outside the region altogether .
the first is from outside concerning the state and the second from inside , in that the inhabitants can not adapt their own technologies fast or radically enough to [remain/keep] an increase in their incomes , nor can they find a solution elsewhere by migration and a secure source of income outside the region altogether .

Here we would never maintain the whole is suffering environmental decline , but that parts of it are , and this matters to the numerous people living there .
here we would never [remain/keep] the whole is suffering environmental decline , but that parts of it are , and this matters to the numerous people living there .

Some scientists would still maintain that science is neutral , and it is the politicians who select and implement their inventions in particular ways and who should therefore shoulder the blame for undesirable consequences .
some scientists would still [remain/keep] that science is neutral , and it is the politicians who select and implement their inventions in particular ways and who should therefore shoulder the blame for undesirable consequences .

However , the reader could still maintain an internally consistent position by advocating ‘ incorporation ’ as the only feasible route to modernisation and development , at the same time as acknowledging the linkages between these processes and soil erosion .
however , the reader could still [remain/keep] an internally consistent position by advocating ‘ incorporation ’ as the only feasible route to modernisation and development , at the same time as acknowledging the linkages between these processes and soil erosion .

‘ And to maintain , ’ said the lady in the wheelchair .
‘ and to [remain/keep] , ’ said the lady in the wheelchair .

Robbe-Grillet 's insistence upon the essentially ludic dimension of all of his fiction ( and cinema ) was also a means of escaping what might be termed the prison-house of reflexivity ; it was not uncommon to find him distancing himself from Ricardou , even during the conference devoted to his work in 1975 , at which he claimed that even his supposedly ‘ theoretical ’ utterances over the years should be construed as attempts to maintain plurality and mobility .
robbe-grillet 's insistence upon the essentially ludic dimension of all of his fiction ( and cinema ) was also a means of escaping what might be termed the prison-house of reflexivity ; it was not uncommon to find him distancing himself from ricardou , even during the conference devoted to his work in 1975 , at which he claimed that even his supposedly ‘ theoretical ’ utterances over the years should be construed as attempts to [remain/keep] plurality and mobility .

This does not suggest that a return to psychological realism or a romanticization of the author is taking place ; rather , the autobiographical trend in recent writing demonstrates an attempt to maintain the plural and unrestricted nature of writing .
this does not suggest that a return to psychological realism or a romanticization of the author is taking place ; rather , the autobiographical trend in recent writing demonstrates an attempt to [remain/keep] the plural and unrestricted nature of writing .

So make sure that you maintain a professional indemnity insurance policy for any work that you may intend to do !
so make sure that you [remain/keep] a professional indemnity insurance policy for any work that you may intend to do !

There Burn worked on the drawings of Lowther Castle and was entrusted with the task of supervising the building of Covent Garden Theatre , an arduous nine-month feat of office and site organisation in which he was hard put to maintain a working relationship between his 27-year-old employer and the contractor , Alexander Copeland , one of the giants of the London building world .
there burn worked on the drawings of lowther castle and was entrusted with the task of supervising the building of covent garden theatre , an arduous nine-month feat of office and site organisation in which he was hard put to [remain/keep] a working relationship between his 27-year-old employer and the contractor , alexander copeland , one of the giants of the london building world .

Also available from Bisque is the battery-powered , remote-control Bagno-Stat , which allows you to pre-set the towel radiator heater to come on at specific times and maintain required temperatures .
also available from bisque is the battery-powered , remote-control bagno-stat , which allows you to pre-set the towel radiator heater to come on at specific times and [remain/keep] required temperatures .

During the months after its loss , it felt compelled to maintain solidarity with Egypt and Syria .
during the months after its loss , it felt compelled to [remain/keep] solidarity with egypt and syria .

On the ground Husayn worked to maintain the loyalty of the municipal structure , which remained in place after Israel 's occupation , through subsidies and through Israel 's open bridge policy , which in addition to relieving the pressures on the West Bank population , gave him considerable control over a large proportion of that population .
on the ground husayn worked to [remain/keep] the loyalty of the municipal structure , which remained in place after israel 's occupation , through subsidies and through israel 's open bridge policy , which in addition to relieving the pressures on the west bank population , gave him considerable control over a large proportion of that population .

It refused to let back the 300,000 or so who crossed to the East Bank during or after the 1967 war , but it allowed 100,000 ‘ summer visitors ’ to cross each year to maintain contact with their families .
it refused to let back the 300,000 or so who crossed to the east bank during or after the 1967 war , but it allowed 100,000 ‘ summer visitors ’ to cross each year to [remain/keep] contact with their families .

They were , almost without exception , young scions of old notable families of the towns they now represented , persuaded by their families to stand for election in order to maintain the family interest .
they were , almost without exception , young scions of old notable families of the towns they now represented , persuaded by their families to stand for election in order to [remain/keep] the family interest .

The organisers were well prepared and able to maintain their authority .
the organisers were well prepared and able to [remain/keep] their authority .

It became clear to them that their trust was to maintain the essence of their country in themselves .
it became clear to them that their trust was to [remain/keep] the essence of their country in themselves .

She had a position to maintain , as her mother kept reminding her .
she had a position to [remain/keep] , as her mother kept reminding her .

( 1981 , p. 14 ) to maintain that the development of latent inhibition , like the acquisition of associative strength , will be subject to overshadowing and blocking .
( 1981 , p. 14 ) to [remain/keep] that the development of latent inhibition , like the acquisition of associative strength , will be subject to overshadowing and blocking .

Renewals for further periods of three years will not be unreasonably refused where the Data has been incorporated into composite works which the Licensee wishes to maintain . ’
renewals for further periods of three years will not be unreasonably refused where the data has been incorporated into composite works which the licensee wishes to [remain/keep] . ’

Her time of 31.15sec puts her in today 's final , helping her club maintain the pressure on Portsmouth Northsea , the defending champions .
her time of 31.15sec puts her in today 's final , helping her club [remain/keep] the pressure on portsmouth northsea , the defending champions .

Despite making changes from the team who beat Pontypool last week , Llanelli should maintain their challenge .
despite making changes from the team who beat pontypool last week , llanelli should [remain/keep] their challenge .

Local authorities are struggling to maintain provision at a time when they should be expanding efforts to meet the needs of this sector of the population .
local authorities are struggling to [remain/keep] provision at a time when they should be expanding efforts to meet the needs of this sector of the population .

Northampton , who must win to maintain a league challenge to Orrell and Bath , the front-runners , are without Ian Hunter , who damaged a hamstring on Hong Kong Sevens duty , and Tim Rodber , the England and Army forward , who , like Underwood , has to give Service duties priority .
northampton , who must win to [remain/keep] a league challenge to orrell and bath , the front-runners , are without ian hunter , who damaged a hamstring on hong kong sevens duty , and tim rodber , the england and army forward , who , like underwood , has to give service duties priority .

They would both maintain the present cycle of welfare dependency in education , whereby parents are unable to exercise their proper responsibility , as a result of which the spirit of freedom atrophies and schools run down .
they would both [remain/keep] the present cycle of welfare dependency in education , whereby parents are unable to exercise their proper responsibility , as a result of which the spirit of freedom atrophies and schools run down .

Mrs Anthony , 50 , from Middle Zoy , Somerset , a Tory councillor and a retired senior union negotiator , said the minimum wage would undermine agreed pay structures and force people higher up the pay ladder to seek rises to maintain differentials .
mrs anthony , 50 , from middle zoy , somerset , a tory councillor and a retired senior union negotiator , said the minimum wage would undermine agreed pay structures and force people higher up the pay ladder to seek rises to [remain/keep] differentials .

He added : ‘ It is more important than the general election itself that we maintain a constitution that has served us well for generations , and ought not to be lightly tampered with for party political purposes in the midst of the general election . ’
he added : ‘ it is more important than the general election itself that we [remain/keep] a constitution that has served us well for generations , and ought not to be lightly tampered with for party political purposes in the midst of the general election . ’

Traditional producers proudly maintain their commitment to traditional methods and whole hops .
traditional producers proudly [remain/keep] their commitment to traditional methods and whole hops .

He claims : ‘ If we charged less , we 'd be unable to maintain the same standards .
he claims : ‘ if we charged less , we 'd be unable to [remain/keep] the same standards .

Straighten the bristles after cleaning and wrap with clean plain paper , so that the bristles maintain their shape , and then lay it on its side until it is required for use .
straighten the bristles after cleaning and wrap with clean plain paper , so that the bristles [remain/keep] their shape , and then lay it on its side until it is required for use .

The 4320 jigsaw has a variable speed control mounted in the trigger , a lock-on button to maintain the desired cutting speed and has the air flow cleverly directed forward to clean dust off the cutting line .
the 4320 jigsaw has a variable speed control mounted in the trigger , a lock-on button to [remain/keep] the desired cutting speed and has the air flow cleverly directed forward to clean dust off the cutting line .

Clear graduations are printed in black and red , whilst ‘ true-zero ’ sliding hooks maintain a high degree of accuracy .
clear graduations are printed in black and red , whilst ‘ true-zero ’ sliding hooks [remain/keep] a high degree of accuracy .

The need to emphasise that God would not maintain the system indefinitely no matter what restrictive practices and losses could hardly have been greater .
the need to emphasise that god would not [remain/keep] the system indefinitely no matter what restrictive practices and losses could hardly have been greater .

Today 's equipment — trains and track — is very expensive to provide and maintain ; to cover its basic costs it has to be in service providing revenue for up to say sixteen hours per day .
today 's equipment — trains and track — is very expensive to provide and [remain/keep] ; to cover its basic costs it has to be in service providing revenue for up to say sixteen hours per day .

The owning Regions had their priorities to maintain to reasonable standards the stations on main lines and which were the calling points for InterCity trains .
the owning regions had their priorities to [remain/keep] to reasonable standards the stations on main lines and which were the calling points for intercity trains .

But the working papers state that the list in the White Paper is not definitive , and that DHAs will be able to decide what core services are appropriate for them to maintain .
but the working papers state that the list in the white paper is not definitive , and that dhas will be able to decide what core services are appropriate for them to [remain/keep] .

The couple still maintain close links with local schools , where they spend hours researching , sketching and absorbing jokes .
the couple still [remain/keep] close links with local schools , where they spend hours researching , sketching and absorbing jokes .

But no one will seriously maintain that the verses do not have a design upon us ; that they do not promulgate a message — the message that all secular explanations of human life are vain and inadequate .
but no one will seriously [remain/keep] that the verses do not have a design upon us ; that they do not promulgate a message — the message that all secular explanations of human life are vain and inadequate .

Eliot and Empson take off their poet 's hat , and wear a critic 's hat — that at least is the decorous illusion which , by their style and procedures , they try to maintain ; Pound and Dryden on the contrary wear the poet 's hat all the time , even when they criticize .
eliot and empson take off their poet 's hat , and wear a critic 's hat — that at least is the decorous illusion which , by their style and procedures , they try to [remain/keep] ; pound and dryden on the contrary wear the poet 's hat all the time , even when they criticize .

Next rotate the sensor to locate the maximum again and , while trying to maintain the heading , tilt it upwards to find the absolute maximum reading .
next rotate the sensor to locate the maximum again and , while trying to [remain/keep] the heading , tilt it upwards to find the absolute maximum reading .

For the past few weeks President Najibullah has been meeting militia commanders from around the country offering them more weapons and money to maintain their loyalty and keep the roads open .
for the past few weeks president najibullah has been meeting militia commanders from around the country offering them more weapons and money to [remain/keep] their loyalty and keep the roads open .

At the same time , Israel could maintain they were still legally residents of the occupied territories .
at the same time , israel could [remain/keep] they were still legally residents of the occupied territories .

We maintain our position in society by publicly performing a certain ritual , just like any other group of workers in the realm of discourse — lawyers , politicians , journalists .
we [remain/keep] our position in society by publicly performing a certain ritual , just like any other group of workers in the realm of discourse — lawyers , politicians , journalists .

It is this strong contrast between the two parts which is so important to maintain whether the dances are in demi-caractère or character ( authentic ) style .
it is this strong contrast between the two parts which is so important to [remain/keep] whether the dances are in demi-caractère or character ( authentic ) style .

Gary Hetherington , Eagles ' chairman and coach , said they maintain the club 's tradition for signing young , skilful , enthusiastic players .
gary hetherington , eagles ' chairman and coach , said they [remain/keep] the club 's tradition for signing young , skilful , enthusiastic players .

‘ Realistically , those same political developments could turn sour unless we maintain a clear sense of forward momentum .
‘ realistically , those same political developments could turn sour unless we [remain/keep] a clear sense of forward momentum .

The present owners continue to do their best to maintain it , although it is clearly no easy matter .
the present owners continue to do their best to [remain/keep] it , although it is clearly no easy matter .

Batteries will last longer because they will not need to drive the discs or maintain data when the mains current has been switched off .
batteries will last longer because they will not need to drive the discs or [remain/keep] data when the mains current has been switched off .

Ultimately , the fragmentary nature of the Habsburg empire led to its fall , leaving the Spanish in control of Italy , a position they would maintain until the early part of the eighteenth-century when they lost it with the War of the Spanish Succession .
ultimately , the fragmentary nature of the habsburg empire led to its fall , leaving the spanish in control of italy , a position they would [remain/keep] until the early part of the eighteenth-century when they lost it with the war of the spanish succession .

Although anti-abortionists would maintain that it is morally wrong to dispose of a child even if it will live no longer than a week at the most , many more people doubt the right of a mother to dispose of a child with Down 's Syndrome who stands a very good chance of living a lengthy life .
although anti-abortionists would [remain/keep] that it is morally wrong to dispose of a child even if it will live no longer than a week at the most , many more people doubt the right of a mother to dispose of a child with down 's syndrome who stands a very good chance of living a lengthy life .

If the child is certain to live only a few days , the dilemma is tough indeed . Can we reasonably maintain that a woman must continue with a pregnancy in the full knowledge that she will give birth to a baby which will be either stillborn , or live a few days , even hours ?
if the child is certain to live only a few days , the dilemma is tough indeed . can we reasonably [remain/keep] that a woman must continue with a pregnancy in the full knowledge that she will give birth to a baby which will be either stillborn , or live a few days , even hours ?

If we simply accept that no baby should be allowed to die , and every reasonable effort should be made to maintain life , then there is no moral dilemma , no difficult decision to make , and no disputed territory .
if we simply accept that no baby should be allowed to die , and every reasonable effort should be made to [remain/keep] life , then there is no moral dilemma , no difficult decision to make , and no disputed territory .

The vast majority of the British public , although generally sympathetic to the problems , maintain stubborn and inflexible attitudes to the subject of mental handicap , especially if the problems intrude into their lives .
the vast majority of the british public , although generally sympathetic to the problems , [remain/keep] stubborn and inflexible attitudes to the subject of mental handicap , especially if the problems intrude into their lives .

No-one would maintain , however , that those of us who are unable to contribute economically to society through no fault of our own , should be denied our rights to live in society and derive its benefits .
no-one would [remain/keep] , however , that those of us who are unable to contribute economically to society through no fault of our own , should be denied our rights to live in society and derive its benefits .

In addition to this process of educational integration , secondary schools should maintain close contact with special schools so that teenage children understand more about mental handicap .
in addition to this process of educational integration , secondary schools should [remain/keep] close contact with special schools so that teenage children understand more about mental handicap .

Is that the system you want to maintain ?
is that the system you want to [remain/keep] ?

In the 5th edition we find the following footnote to 270 : ‘ In order to maintain a fixed and measured standard for developing the power of liquid medicines , multiplied experience and careful observation have led me to adopt two succussions for each phial , in preference to the greater number formerly employed ( by which the medicines were too highly potentized ) .
in the 5th edition we find the following footnote to 270 : ‘ in order to [remain/keep] a fixed and measured standard for developing the power of liquid medicines , multiplied experience and careful observation have led me to adopt two succussions for each phial , in preference to the greater number formerly employed ( by which the medicines were too highly potentized ) .

But whilst the concern might , therefore , have been largely misplaced , it has been useful in fostering a re-examination of the way schools and LEAs maintain discipline amongst pupils and in prompting fresh research into the nature of misbehaviour in schools .
but whilst the concern might , therefore , have been largely misplaced , it has been useful in fostering a re-examination of the way schools and leas [remain/keep] discipline amongst pupils and in prompting fresh research into the nature of misbehaviour in schools .

Traditionally it has been common practice for schools to seek to maintain discipline and control misbehaviour via the exertion of authority and the employment of sanctions as punishments .
traditionally it has been common practice for schools to seek to [remain/keep] discipline and control misbehaviour via the exertion of authority and the employment of sanctions as punishments .

when a parent sends his child to school , he delegates to teachers at the school the power to inflict reasonable and moderate punishment as required … and … he delegates to the teacher the taking of such steps as are necessary to maintain discipline with regard to the child committed to the teacher 's care .
when a parent sends his child to school , he delegates to teachers at the school the power to inflict reasonable and moderate punishment as required … and … he delegates to the teacher the taking of such steps as are necessary to [remain/keep] discipline with regard to the child committed to the teacher 's care .

As Street on Torts puts it , the basis of this authority and the defence it affords to torts such as false imprisonment ‘ is the need to maintain order in the particular organisation responsible for the training of the child ’ ; parental wishes would merely be factors to be taken into account in deciding whether a punishment was reasonable .
as street on torts puts it , the basis of this authority and the defence it affords to torts such as false imprisonment ‘ is the need to [remain/keep] order in the particular organisation responsible for the training of the child ’ ; parental wishes would merely be factors to be taken into account in deciding whether a punishment was reasonable .

You and your staff will maintain the well-established convention whereby ministers do not concern themselves with the detailed information which may be obtained by the Security Service in particular cases , but are furnished with such information only as may be necessary for the determination of any issue on which guidance is sought .
you and your staff will [remain/keep] the well-established convention whereby ministers do not concern themselves with the detailed information which may be obtained by the security service in particular cases , but are furnished with such information only as may be necessary for the determination of any issue on which guidance is sought .

As one might expect , West Germany has inherited the ability to maintain vast dossiers on people within its borders and , bearing in mind that some 8,000 spies working for East Germany and Russia are said to be operating in West Germany , there is certainly plenty for them to do .
as one might expect , west germany has inherited the ability to [remain/keep] vast dossiers on people within its borders and , bearing in mind that some 8,000 spies working for east germany and russia are said to be operating in west germany , there is certainly plenty for them to do .

An alternative to this clustering was for a widowed mother and unmarried daughter to maintain a household , as indeed , Bridget Freemantle did with her mother .
an alternative to this clustering was for a widowed mother and unmarried daughter to [remain/keep] a household , as indeed , bridget freemantle did with her mother .

Accordingly , it is difficult to maintain that ‘ The Cruel Parent ’ is in any way unique .
accordingly , it is difficult to [remain/keep] that ‘ the cruel parent ’ is in any way unique .

The use of silk in large quantities , such as , for example , in the crinoline , was the result of a petition sent to the Empress by the silk workers of Lyons asking her to help maintain the output of the French silk industry and not because Eugénie wished to overdress .
the use of silk in large quantities , such as , for example , in the crinoline , was the result of a petition sent to the empress by the silk workers of lyons asking her to help [remain/keep] the output of the french silk industry and not because eugénie wished to overdress .

The salons of those ladies who were devoted to republican ideals ( and quite often , one could add , to the person of individual republicans ) were careful to maintain a reputation for plain living and high thinking .
the salons of those ladies who were devoted to republican ideals ( and quite often , one could add , to the person of individual republicans ) were careful to [remain/keep] a reputation for plain living and high thinking .

It is sometimes difficult to maintain a Proper sense of perspective , in this work .
it is sometimes difficult to [remain/keep] a proper sense of perspective , in this work .

‘ And you used to maintain at school that women should be as free as men .
‘ and you used to [remain/keep] at school that women should be as free as men .

Latin Americans maintain the Spanish custom of adding the mother 's surname after the father 's , thus denoting both families of origin .
latin americans [remain/keep] the spanish custom of adding the mother 's surname after the father 's , thus denoting both families of origin .

but the crucial factor which makes it possible for middle-class women to enter the labour force and , at the same time , maintain traditional values in the home , is the existence of the domestic servant .
but the crucial factor which makes it possible for middle-class women to enter the labour force and , at the same time , [remain/keep] traditional values in the home , is the existence of the domestic servant .

The manipulation of the web of personal relations has an ambiguous role for , on the one hand , it serves to ease difficulties and build bridges across social divides but , on the other , it helps to maintain the status quo and , therefore , the inequalities in the social structure .
the manipulation of the web of personal relations has an ambiguous role for , on the one hand , it serves to ease difficulties and build bridges across social divides but , on the other , it helps to [remain/keep] the status quo and , therefore , the inequalities in the social structure .

Traditionally the landowner need not cultivate the land intensively to provide sufficient to maintain prestige and a very good life-style .
traditionally the landowner need not cultivate the land intensively to provide sufficient to [remain/keep] prestige and a very good life-style .

In this situation , it is often cheaper to hire labour on the open market when needed than to maintain workers and their families permanently on the estate .
in this situation , it is often cheaper to hire labour on the open market when needed than to [remain/keep] workers and their families permanently on the estate .

This is due to the seasonal nature of so much agricultural work , which makes it cheaper for the company to employ labourers during the planting or harvesting rather than maintain a labour force throughout the year .
this is due to the seasonal nature of so much agricultural work , which makes it cheaper for the company to employ labourers during the planting or harvesting rather than [remain/keep] a labour force throughout the year .

As a result , many of the peasantry maintain a subsistence plot but , since this is usually insufficient to support a family , the male members of the family have to seek seasonal labouring work , leaving the women to maintain the family farm .
as a result , many of the peasantry [remain/keep] a subsistence plot but , since this is usually insufficient to support a family , the male members of the family have to seek seasonal labouring work , leaving the women to [remain/keep] the family farm .

According to these rates the best-fed people of the region live in Argentina , Costa Rica , Cuba , Mexico , Paraguay and Uruguay , while Bolivia and Haiti still maintain low levels of calorie intake .
according to these rates the best-fed people of the region live in argentina , costa rica , cuba , mexico , paraguay and uruguay , while bolivia and haiti still [remain/keep] low levels of calorie intake .

On a political level , these schemes help to maintain the status quo , because they satisfy some of the minimum housing needs of the poor and so reduce pressure for radical reforms .
on a political level , these schemes help to [remain/keep] the status quo , because they satisfy some of the minimum housing needs of the poor and so reduce pressure for radical reforms .

In this way , it benefits capitalism to maintain non-capitalist modes of production , rather than engulfing them within the rubric of the capitalist mode .
in this way , it benefits capitalism to [remain/keep] non-capitalist modes of production , rather than engulfing them within the rubric of the capitalist mode .

This also gets round problems of fluctuation , when business is slow , they do not have to maintain a regular workforce .
this also gets round problems of fluctuation , when business is slow , they do not have to [remain/keep] a regular workforce .

The two issues at stake with the labour aristocracy thesis are : can this relatively privileged sector of society be a militant force for change or will it want to maintain the status quo ?
the two issues at stake with the labour aristocracy thesis are : can this relatively privileged sector of society be a militant force for change or will it want to [remain/keep] the status quo ?

In 1946 , in the top front page article in the very first edition of his newspaper , whose title in Arabic means ‘ The people ’ , he urged Arabs to struggle harder to maintain their land in Arab ownership in Palestine .
in 1946 , in the top front page article in the very first edition of his newspaper , whose title in arabic means ‘ the people ’ , he urged arabs to struggle harder to [remain/keep] their land in arab ownership in palestine .

So was it any surprise that the Syrians we met that hot day in the Bekaa wanted only to maintain Lebanon 's Maronite-dominated institutions , to restore the sovereignty of the Lebanese government , to stay not one hour , not one minute longer than necessary ?
so was it any surprise that the syrians we met that hot day in the bekaa wanted only to [remain/keep] lebanon 's maronite-dominated institutions , to restore the sovereignty of the lebanese government , to stay not one hour , not one minute longer than necessary ?

Consider , for example , an Act of Parliament imposing on parents a duty to maintain their young children .
consider , for example , an act of parliament imposing on parents a duty to [remain/keep] their young children .

They maintain that there could be circumstances in which disobedience is justified even though the law itself does not admit that it is .
they [remain/keep] that there could be circumstances in which disobedience is justified even though the law itself does not admit that it is .

The most often invoked argument to that effect relies on an obligation to support and maintain just institutions .
the most often invoked argument to that effect relies on an obligation to support and [remain/keep] just institutions .

First it is argued that where a state is relatively just one ought to support and maintain it .
first it is argued that where a state is relatively just one ought to support and [remain/keep] it .

It should also be noted that the obligation to support and maintain just institutions is likely to entail duties far above those of obedience to some laws .
it should also be noted that the obligation to support and [remain/keep] just institutions is likely to entail duties far above those of obedience to some laws .

In spite of its importance , the duty to support and maintain just institutions fails to establish a general reason to obey even laws which the government is justified in making .
in spite of its importance , the duty to support and [remain/keep] just institutions fails to establish a general reason to obey even laws which the government is justified in making .

Doctrines of governmental restraint are those which deny the government 's right to pursue certain valuable goals , or require it to maintain undisturbed a certain state of affairs , even though it could , if it were to try , improve it .
doctrines of governmental restraint are those which deny the government 's right to pursue certain valuable goals , or require it to [remain/keep] undisturbed a certain state of affairs , even though it could , if it were to try , improve it .

There is no need for a special principle to require action for good reasons , or to maintain valuable states of affairs .
there is no need for a special principle to require action for good reasons , or to [remain/keep] valuable states of affairs .

The limited number of large power stations , a comparatively small work-force with little history of industrial action , and a strong , centralized organization made it an attractive proposition for governments wanting to maintain clear control over energy supply .
the limited number of large power stations , a comparatively small work-force with little history of industrial action , and a strong , centralized organization made it an attractive proposition for governments wanting to [remain/keep] clear control over energy supply .

the ruins of peoples which are still found here and there and which are no longer capable of a national existence , are absorbed by the larger nations and either become part of them or maintain themselves as ethnographic monuments without political significance .
the ruins of peoples which are still found here and there and which are no longer capable of a national existence , are absorbed by the larger nations and either become part of them or [remain/keep] themselves as ethnographic monuments without political significance .

Given constant fishing pressure , measures were needed to maintain stocks of fish ; and the association established a hatchery where trout of native stock are carefully reared to fingerling stage and then released into the loch .
given constant fishing pressure , measures were needed to [remain/keep] stocks of fish ; and the association established a hatchery where trout of native stock are carefully reared to fingerling stage and then released into the loch .

As a result , he will be unable to maintain a rhythm during his work or be in balance .
as a result , he will be unable to [remain/keep] a rhythm during his work or be in balance .

He was a scratch player at many courses , and could maintain that standard , as seventeen trophies , including the Fife Amateur Championship and two Army Championships , proved .
he was a scratch player at many courses , and could [remain/keep] that standard , as seventeen trophies , including the fife amateur championship and two army championships , proved .

In particular , it is enough for the police to maintain that ‘ detention without charge is necessary … to obtain evidence by questioning ’ .
in particular , it is enough for the police to [remain/keep] that ‘ detention without charge is necessary … to obtain evidence by questioning ’ .

This was surprising in view of the fact that , under this Act , it is the local authorities who are empowered to provide and maintain such buildings , vehicles , apparatus , and equipment as may be required for the police purposes of their area .
this was surprising in view of the fact that , under this act , it is the local authorities who are empowered to provide and [remain/keep] such buildings , vehicles , apparatus , and equipment as may be required for the police purposes of their area .

It is likely that the stem cells maintain their characteristic state by virtue of their position in the basal layer where they may be under the influence of a deeper layer of cells .
it is likely that the stem cells [remain/keep] their characteristic state by virtue of their position in the basal layer where they may be under the influence of a deeper layer of cells .

The lowlands thus required two sources of income for drainage : one to maintain the main river system , and the second for the back ditches .
the lowlands thus required two sources of income for drainage : one to [remain/keep] the main river system , and the second for the back ditches .

The reason why these had survived so long was because they required the most money spent on them — in the case of valley bottoms , to pay for initial drainage and then to maintain it — to make them yield their full potential of arable and pasture .
the reason why these had survived so long was because they required the most money spent on them — in the case of valley bottoms , to pay for initial drainage and then to [remain/keep] it — to make them yield their full potential of arable and pasture .

After all , the word ‘ engineer ’ used to be used for the person who could drive and maintain a car , in the early days of motoring .
after all , the word ‘ engineer ’ used to be used for the person who could drive and [remain/keep] a car , in the early days of motoring .

This is another reason for you to maintain your own social life , or to build up a new network of friends , if necessary .
this is another reason for you to [remain/keep] your own social life , or to build up a new network of friends , if necessary .

In order to maintain a proper balance in your life , you must be prepared to allocate some time to yourself each day .
in order to [remain/keep] a proper balance in your life , you must be prepared to allocate some time to yourself each day .

To help the patient gain control of his leg movements , the physiotherapist places the hemiplegic leg in certain positions , and asks the patient to maintain the position , checking that he can do so without an increase in spasticity .
to help the patient gain control of his leg movements , the physiotherapist places the hemiplegic leg in certain positions , and asks the patient to [remain/keep] the position , checking that he can do so without an increase in spasticity .

The correct movements are an extension of the positioning which you have already been using to maintain the patient in the right body posture .
the correct movements are an extension of the positioning which you have already been using to [remain/keep] the patient in the right body posture .

By 1090 Rodrigo had succeeded in establishing a huge protectorate in the east which he found increasingly hard to maintain .
by 1090 rodrigo had succeeded in establishing a huge protectorate in the east which he found increasingly hard to [remain/keep] .

Mailed and heavily armed knights were an upper military class , with associated servants who undertook the many tasks needed to maintain both knight , horse and arms , before and after a conflict .
mailed and heavily armed knights were an upper military class , with associated servants who undertook the many tasks needed to [remain/keep] both knight , horse and arms , before and after a conflict .

It was obvious that oceanic crust must be continually destroyed somewhere at a rate comparable with that of its creation at the oceanic ridges in order to maintain a balance .
it was obvious that oceanic crust must be continually destroyed somewhere at a rate comparable with that of its creation at the oceanic ridges in order to [remain/keep] a balance .

’ He held his left arm tight against his chest to maintain the safety of his wallet and hurried on .
’ he held his left arm tight against his chest to [remain/keep] the safety of his wallet and hurried on .

Instead , the more legitimate approach is to demand that those who maintain the existing system in the face of scientific development must justify their position by pointing to these considerations of reason and policy .
instead , the more legitimate approach is to demand that those who [remain/keep] the existing system in the face of scientific development must justify their position by pointing to these considerations of reason and policy .

Questions are asked as to how long the doctor must maintain his patient on such a machine before discontinuing its use .
questions are asked as to how long the doctor must [remain/keep] his patient on such a machine before discontinuing its use .

Determine from the deeds , or ask your solicitor , which fences and hedges belong to the house and are the owner 's responsibility to maintain .
determine from the deeds , or ask your solicitor , which fences and hedges belong to the house and are the owner 's responsibility to [remain/keep] .

In the palaeolithic period men were already aware that at certain times of the year animals and plants are less prolific than at others , and seasonal ritual observances to maintain an adequate supply of them were therefore deemed necessary .
in the palaeolithic period men were already aware that at certain times of the year animals and plants are less prolific than at others , and seasonal ritual observances to [remain/keep] an adequate supply of them were therefore deemed necessary .

Each of these advances in ‘ unjust ’ aggression at the expense of its opposite and then pays the penalty , retreating before the counter-attack of the latter , the object of the whole cycle being to maintain the balance of justice .
each of these advances in ‘ unjust ’ aggression at the expense of its opposite and then pays the penalty , retreating before the counter-attack of the latter , the object of the whole cycle being to [remain/keep] the balance of justice .

The need for punctuality was not due to any desire for ‘ saving time ’ but because the strict regulation of time was needed to help maintain the discipline of monastic life .
the need for punctuality was not due to any desire for ‘ saving time ’ but because the strict regulation of time was needed to help [remain/keep] the discipline of monastic life .

Second , he emphasized the Government 's view that , whatever broader measures were taken to deal with racial and social inequalities , the immediate priority was to restore and maintain order on the streets .
second , he emphasized the government 's view that , whatever broader measures were taken to deal with racial and social inequalities , the immediate priority was to restore and [remain/keep] order on the streets .

It is the consequence of the apparent structural inevitability of its position : ‘ The majority class does not need the unemployed to maintain and even increase its standard of living … The main point about this category — for lack of a better word we shall call it ‘ under class ' ’ — is that its destiny is perceived as hopeless ' ( Dahrendorf , 1985 , pp .
it is the consequence of the apparent structural inevitability of its position : ‘ the majority class does not need the unemployed to [remain/keep] and even increase its standard of living … the main point about this category — for lack of a better word we shall call it ‘ under class ' ’ — is that its destiny is perceived as hopeless ' ( dahrendorf , 1985 , pp .

Both the assertion of central authority and the fragmentation of local social structures and economics are integral to the overall desire to use power to restructure social arrangements in such a way that certain interests are favoured over others , to reward supporters , and to maintain these arrangements by using social institutions to entrench an alternative set of ideas , those of the ‘ enterprise culture ’ .
both the assertion of central authority and the fragmentation of local social structures and economics are integral to the overall desire to use power to restructure social arrangements in such a way that certain interests are favoured over others , to reward supporters , and to [remain/keep] these arrangements by using social institutions to entrench an alternative set of ideas , those of the ‘ enterprise culture ’ .

The goal of a side batting second and chasing a total is to maintain ‘ the asking rate ’ for victory — that is the number of runs which it needs per over to win .
the goal of a side batting second and chasing a total is to [remain/keep] ‘ the asking rate ’ for victory — that is the number of runs which it needs per over to win .

Be sure before you commit yourself to your chosen home that you know all about the boundaries of your property , any rights of way that exist , such as neighbours having access over your gardens , and which fences you have to maintain .
be sure before you commit yourself to your chosen home that you know all about the boundaries of your property , any rights of way that exist , such as neighbours having access over your gardens , and which fences you have to [remain/keep] .

Do not stop using the telephone altogether , it is important that you maintain social contacts , but how about occasionally writing a letter instead ?
do not stop using the telephone altogether , it is important that you [remain/keep] social contacts , but how about occasionally writing a letter instead ?

The central attraction is the Tropical Swimming Paradise , which claims to maintain a sub-tropical climate even in the depths of mid-winter .
the central attraction is the tropical swimming paradise , which claims to [remain/keep] a sub-tropical climate even in the depths of mid-winter .

If not , then it is no business of the police to maintain files , to intercept telephone calls and to examine mail , all of which are part of the government 's business when laws are broken or threatened , and only then , under the very restrictive provisions of the law .
if not , then it is no business of the police to [remain/keep] files , to intercept telephone calls and to examine mail , all of which are part of the government 's business when laws are broken or threatened , and only then , under the very restrictive provisions of the law .

If the individual can fence himself off from the prying eyes or fingers of the state , can maintain his private domain in his own way without intervention by public authorities , an important aspect of political liberty is established .
if the individual can fence himself off from the prying eyes or fingers of the state , can [remain/keep] his private domain in his own way without intervention by public authorities , an important aspect of political liberty is established .

Alternatively , the wife may be able to produce healthy eggs but for various medical reasons not be in a position to maintain a pregnancy .
alternatively , the wife may be able to produce healthy eggs but for various medical reasons not be in a position to [remain/keep] a pregnancy .

It is not to maintain the pretence that there is no autocue ; it is because continuous looking at the camera apparently produces a disconcerting ‘ super-stare ’ of hostility .
it is not to [remain/keep] the pretence that there is no autocue ; it is because continuous looking at the camera apparently produces a disconcerting ‘ super-stare ’ of hostility .

Understanding your potential employer 's motives may help you maintain your sense of humour throughout what can be a rather trying experience , not least because you are having to cooperate with your rivals and in some cases even help them out .
understanding your potential employer 's motives may help you [remain/keep] your sense of humour throughout what can be a rather trying experience , not least because you are having to cooperate with your rivals and in some cases even help them out .

This is not only a matter of common courtesy but will help create/ maintain your image as a good employer .
this is not only a matter of common courtesy but will help create/ [remain/keep] your image as a good employer .

Baste frequently with the sauce mixture to maintain the moisture .
baste frequently with the sauce mixture to [remain/keep] the moisture .

Niacin helps maintain a healthy nervous system and skin .
niacin helps [remain/keep] a healthy nervous system and skin .

Recent scientific research suggests that daily fish oil can help to maintain a healthy heart , and circulation .
recent scientific research suggests that daily fish oil can help to [remain/keep] a healthy heart , and circulation .

Although routine screening is available for certain groups of women it is still important for you to maintain an awareness of your own health .
although routine screening is available for certain groups of women it is still important for you to [remain/keep] an awareness of your own health .

Sometimes when two such people marry , they maintain a loving , close relationship by projecting all the blame into the outside world .
sometimes when two such people marry , they [remain/keep] a loving , close relationship by projecting all the blame into the outside world .

Masochism is a defence against unacknowledged sadism and masochists will , in the terms of the unconscious ‘ fit ’ between partners , tend to marry not necessarily a conscious sadist , but often one who helps them to maintain a masochistic role .
masochism is a defence against unacknowledged sadism and masochists will , in the terms of the unconscious ‘ fit ’ between partners , tend to marry not necessarily a conscious sadist , but often one who helps them to [remain/keep] a masochistic role .

The need to work is often financial , two incomes being required to maintain heavy mortgages and what Ivan Illich , a critic of the Establishment has called , ‘ the modern addiction to paralysing affluence ’ .
the need to work is often financial , two incomes being required to [remain/keep] heavy mortgages and what ivan illich , a critic of the establishment has called , ‘ the modern addiction to paralysing affluence ’ .

The first great and acknowledged object of naval defence … is to maintain such a superior naval force at home , that even the united fleets of France and Spain may never be masters of the Channel … The second naval object with an English minister should be to maintain at all times a powerful western squadron … Without it , the colonies , the commerce , the navigation of Great Britain lie at the mercy of the House of Bourbon .
the first great and acknowledged object of naval defence … is to [remain/keep] such a superior naval force at home , that even the united fleets of france and spain may never be masters of the channel … the second naval object with an english minister should be to [remain/keep] at all times a powerful western squadron … without it , the colonies , the commerce , the navigation of great britain lie at the mercy of the house of bourbon .

The third object … is to maintain such a force in the Bay of Gibraltar as may be sufficient to cover that garrison , [ and ] to watch the motions of the Spaniards .
the third object … is to [remain/keep] such a force in the bay of gibraltar as may be sufficient to cover that garrison , [ and ] to watch the motions of the spaniards .

While they maintain there are no plans to change the status quo , they also admit they have invested heavily in the next stage of managerial succession and feel confident the culture they have created is strong enough to survive beyond their actual involvement .
while they [remain/keep] there are no plans to change the status quo , they also admit they have invested heavily in the next stage of managerial succession and feel confident the culture they have created is strong enough to survive beyond their actual involvement .

Instead , some individuals or groups in society will fail to forecast inflation correctly and so may , for example , seek money wage increases which are lower than necessary to maintain their real wages ; other individuals or groups may not have the power to gain full compensation for inflation even if they do predict it correctly .
instead , some individuals or groups in society will fail to forecast inflation correctly and so may , for example , seek money wage increases which are lower than necessary to [remain/keep] their real wages ; other individuals or groups may not have the power to gain full compensation for inflation even if they do predict it correctly .

In this approach , proposed by Kahn in 1976 , each trade union is seen as being in competition with other trade unions for bigger and bigger wage increases in an attempt to achieve and maintain a higher position in the wages ‘ league table ’ .
in this approach , proposed by kahn in 1976 , each trade union is seen as being in competition with other trade unions for bigger and bigger wage increases in an attempt to achieve and [remain/keep] a higher position in the wages ‘ league table ’ .

This activity , in so far as it is successful , will be inflationary because , to maintain their profit margins , the ‘ following ’ industries will be forced to raise their prices .
this activity , in so far as it is successful , will be inflationary because , to [remain/keep] their profit margins , the ‘ following ’ industries will be forced to raise their prices .

Maintain the correct stance and the ensemble will accelerate to flying speed .
[remain/keep] the correct stance and the ensemble will accelerate to flying speed .

Daily additions of water will maintain the growth .
daily additions of water will [remain/keep] the growth .

We have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to maintain us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .
we have to remember that every time we make a purchase , we are converting our assets , which are very compact , and have the ability to [remain/keep] us through the interest they accrue , into bulky or fragile items which require maintenance , space and insurance .

When this transparency is destroyed we are unable to practise the vulnerability necessary to maintain an intimate relationship .
when this transparency is destroyed we are unable to practise the vulnerability necessary to [remain/keep] an intimate relationship .

The only alternative was that Poland should maintain itself as an ‘ ethnographic monument without political significance ’ .
the only alternative was that poland should [remain/keep] itself as an ‘ ethnographic monument without political significance ’ .

Having borrowed money to maintain their vast estates they found that the estates were too inefficient to generate the income to pay back the loans .
having borrowed money to [remain/keep] their vast estates they found that the estates were too inefficient to generate the income to pay back the loans .

The Prussian banks found that they had been lending increasing amounts to the Junkers to maintain a lifestyle rather than to finance the modernisation of facilities and improve agricultural methods .
the prussian banks found that they had been lending increasing amounts to the junkers to [remain/keep] a lifestyle rather than to finance the modernisation of facilities and improve agricultural methods .

The German middle classes and the German Catholics in particular knew that the Prussian Poles were no great threat to the state , yet in spite of their protests , the Junker-dominated Government found it essential to work through crude Völkisch opinion to maintain itself and divert the impending revolution .
the german middle classes and the german catholics in particular knew that the prussian poles were no great threat to the state , yet in spite of their protests , the junker-dominated government found it essential to work through crude völkisch opinion to [remain/keep] itself and divert the impending revolution .

They made deals with heavy industry and government to extract huge subsidies to maintain their outmoded and inefficient estates and they gained tariff protection for their expensive and inefficiently produced foodstuffs .
they made deals with heavy industry and government to extract huge subsidies to [remain/keep] their outmoded and inefficient estates and they gained tariff protection for their expensive and inefficiently produced foodstuffs .

If anything , by the end of the nineteenth century it was the expanding Polish population of the partition areas that needed living space , and the German Ostflucht might well have given it to them had it not been that Germany desperately needed to maintain the spluttering fiction of the drive to the east to divert and subvert internal political pressures .
if anything , by the end of the nineteenth century it was the expanding polish population of the partition areas that needed living space , and the german ostflucht might well have given it to them had it not been that germany desperately needed to [remain/keep] the spluttering fiction of the drive to the east to divert and subvert internal political pressures .

It lacked industrial power , but alienated its neighbour and allies alike by attempting to rectify this ; it failed to maintain a democratic government , yet under the circumstances it was highly unlikely that any state could have done so .
it lacked industrial power , but alienated its neighbour and allies alike by attempting to rectify this ; it failed to [remain/keep] a democratic government , yet under the circumstances it was highly unlikely that any state could have done so .

Nevertheless Poland was still encumbered by a poorly developed industrial sector , a primitive , almost feudal , agricultural system , an under-funded banking sector and a poorly integrated railway system , and was hampered by the fact that it paid out 40 per cent of Gross National Income ( approximately 28 per cent of all government expenditure ) to maintain an army that was second in size only to that of Russia .
nevertheless poland was still encumbered by a poorly developed industrial sector , a primitive , almost feudal , agricultural system , an under-funded banking sector and a poorly integrated railway system , and was hampered by the fact that it paid out 40 per cent of gross national income ( approximately 28 per cent of all government expenditure ) to [remain/keep] an army that was second in size only to that of russia .

Poland had by now withdrawn most of its trade through the city to its own port at Gdynia , and the Reich could hardly be expected to maintain or guarantee for an indefinite period the subsidy the city required.20 Lipski and Göring agreed that Germany and Poland should draw together in an understanding that they would jointly stabilise the city if the League should either collapse or decide to withdraw from Danzig .
poland had by now withdrawn most of its trade through the city to its own port at gdynia , and the reich could hardly be expected to [remain/keep] or guarantee for an indefinite period the subsidy the city required.20 lipski and göring agreed that germany and poland should draw together in an understanding that they would jointly stabilise the city if the league should either collapse or decide to withdraw from danzig .

It falls relatively easy prey to a large number of its predators — man , foxes , stoats , weasels , mink , buzzards and others — yet it is able to maintain itself in very significant numbers and those very numbers do , in fact , shield other important members of the British wildlife community from a high degree of predation .
it falls relatively easy prey to a large number of its predators — man , foxes , stoats , weasels , mink , buzzards and others — yet it is able to [remain/keep] itself in very significant numbers and those very numbers do , in fact , shield other important members of the british wildlife community from a high degree of predation .

There is , in fact , virtually no area at all where rabbits can not exist — they can support themselves on the edge of suburban Britain and maintain vast colonies on the most inhospitable heathland .
there is , in fact , virtually no area at all where rabbits can not exist — they can support themselves on the edge of suburban britain and [remain/keep] vast colonies on the most inhospitable heathland .

The ferreting season has just ended and those people with no more than a passing interest , perhaps a failed interest , will then be keen to dispose of their stock rather than feed and maintain them to the start of another season .
the ferreting season has just ended and those people with no more than a passing interest , perhaps a failed interest , will then be keen to dispose of their stock rather than feed and [remain/keep] them to the start of another season .

It helps maintain good relations .
it helps [remain/keep] good relations .

We owe it to the city to maintain
we owe it to the city to [remain/keep]

But those who maintain this state of untroubled innocence have missed an opportunity .
but those who [remain/keep] this state of untroubled innocence have missed an opportunity .

To maintain the peace .
to [remain/keep] the peace .

It has already been stated that the main aim of the service was to be the construction of flexible packages of care for clients by , firstly , liaising with other services to provide or increase where necessary the client 's receipt of existing services , and , secondly , by ‘ topping up ’ existing services ( where the development officer thought extra care was necessary to maintain someone at home ) through the employment of local support workers .
it has already been stated that the main aim of the service was to be the construction of flexible packages of care for clients by , firstly , liaising with other services to provide or increase where necessary the client 's receipt of existing services , and , secondly , by ‘ topping up ’ existing services ( where the development officer thought extra care was necessary to [remain/keep] someone at home ) through the employment of local support workers .

; whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry , sadness , loneliness than those in the control samples ; whether the project helped people to maintain their capacity to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living ; and finally whether it succeeded in obtaining more of other community services for its clients than were obtained by those in the control sample ( eg more home help , meals-on-wheels , day care , home nursing , and so on ) .
; whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry , sadness , loneliness than those in the control samples ; whether the project helped people to [remain/keep] their capacity to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living ; and finally whether it succeeded in obtaining more of other community services for its clients than were obtained by those in the control sample ( eg more home help , meals-on-wheels , day care , home nursing , and so on ) .

Angles , Saxons and Jutes gradually colonised parts of Britain and it seems that the Saxons , at least in East Anglia , Kent and Hampshire , helped to maintain the general improvement of British cattle which had been initiated by the Romans .
angles , saxons and jutes gradually colonised parts of britain and it seems that the saxons , at least in east anglia , kent and hampshire , helped to [remain/keep] the general improvement of british cattle which had been initiated by the romans .

Signs are that it fell into disuse during the period after the Romans had left and legendary Celtic leaders , such as Arthur , were endeavouring to maintain civilised standards against waves of barbarian invaders .
signs are that it fell into disuse during the period after the romans had left and legendary celtic leaders , such as arthur , were endeavouring to [remain/keep] civilised standards against waves of barbarian invaders .

These are waters which do not , as a rule , produce big bream , for with so many mouths to share the available food there is only enough to maintain them at a low body weight .
these are waters which do not , as a rule , produce big bream , for with so many mouths to share the available food there is only enough to [remain/keep] them at a low body weight .

Every bream water has at least one set of imaginary tram-lines which a shoal of bream — or the tram , to maintain the metaphor — follow religiously .
every bream water has at least one set of imaginary tram-lines which a shoal of bream — or the tram , to [remain/keep] the metaphor — follow religiously .

They contain the right number of fish , of any species , and maintain this correct balance over a number of years , enabling the residents to grow to their maximum potential size .
they contain the right number of fish , of any species , and [remain/keep] this correct balance over a number of years , enabling the residents to grow to their maximum potential size .

Once a water has attained this excellent balance of only relatively few big bream , it is surprising how long it can maintain the balance for a number of years afterwards .
once a water has attained this excellent balance of only relatively few big bream , it is surprising how long it can [remain/keep] the balance for a number of years afterwards .

It is then left to the individual local authority to make the best use it can of the sum granted to it , under an overall obligation to maintain standards of services by comparison with those in other areas .
it is then left to the individual local authority to make the best use it can of the sum granted to it , under an overall obligation to [remain/keep] standards of services by comparison with those in other areas .

Many larger authorities maintain a separate register of interests which is available for public inspection .
many larger authorities [remain/keep] a separate register of interests which is available for public inspection .

Despite these disadvantages , many older people have been able to maintain their social status by remaining active , alert and healthy .
despite these disadvantages , many older people have been able to [remain/keep] their social status by remaining active , alert and healthy .

The ability to maintain physical and mental powers has allowed some individuals to pursue their chosen careers regardless of their age .
the ability to [remain/keep] physical and mental powers has allowed some individuals to pursue their chosen careers regardless of their age .

It is equally apparent today when many people go to considerable lengths to maintain the appearance of youthfulness by the use of vitamins , beauty preparations of all descriptions , hormone treatment , plastic surgery and much else besides .
it is equally apparent today when many people go to considerable lengths to [remain/keep] the appearance of youthfulness by the use of vitamins , beauty preparations of all descriptions , hormone treatment , plastic surgery and much else besides .

Although Beveridge argued that once older people had worked a full course and fulfilled ‘ the obligation of service ’ they were to receive ‘ an adequate income to maintain them ’ , this has never been the case in practice .
although beveridge argued that once older people had worked a full course and fulfilled ‘ the obligation of service ’ they were to receive ‘ an adequate income to [remain/keep] them ’ , this has never been the case in practice .

The issue then is how to create viable social roles which maintain the status and security which people may have derived from employment .
the issue then is how to create viable social roles which [remain/keep] the status and security which people may have derived from employment .

Planning and research to maintain village stream
planning and research to [remain/keep] village stream

Paul Steele , marketing partner with Grant Thornton 's Petersfield office , says : ‘ Encouragingly this survey confirms that businesses in the area are aware of the need for assertive marketing to maintain market share in the present business climate .
paul steele , marketing partner with grant thornton 's petersfield office , says : ‘ encouragingly this survey confirms that businesses in the area are aware of the need for assertive marketing to [remain/keep] market share in the present business climate .

At times when selling is difficult , owners who maintain standards will appeal to a wider market , sell faster and reach a higher price , ’ says Mr. Warshaw .
at times when selling is difficult , owners who [remain/keep] standards will appeal to a wider market , sell faster and reach a higher price , ’ says mr. warshaw .

Five million men and women in uniform had to be demobilized and found work , minus those needed to maintain Britain 's commitments overseas as an imperial power and one of the ‘ Big Four ’ at the United Nations .
five million men and women in uniform had to be demobilized and found work , minus those needed to [remain/keep] britain 's commitments overseas as an imperial power and one of the ‘ big four ’ at the united nations .

We believe on reflection that our supporters will recognize that our action has been actuated by the one desire to maintain first class soccer in Northants .
we believe on reflection that our supporters will recognize that our action has been actuated by the one desire to [remain/keep] first class soccer in northants .

Chapman brought in more new players to maintain the challenge .
chapman brought in more new players to [remain/keep] the challenge .

Whatever the basis of allocation , small service points will need an additional weighting if they are to maintain a reasonable range of materials .
whatever the basis of allocation , small service points will need an additional weighting if they are to [remain/keep] a reasonable range of materials .

Most libraries try to maintain a comprehensive , updated collection of catalogues as bibliographical checking tools , but many also use them for book selection .
most libraries try to [remain/keep] a comprehensive , updated collection of catalogues as bibliographical checking tools , but many also use them for book selection .

exhaustion of the stock by its readers ( i.e. irrespective of its intrinsic value the stock no longer has enough ‘ unread ’ material to maintain an individual reader 's interests ) ;
exhaustion of the stock by its readers ( i.e. irrespective of its intrinsic value the stock no longer has enough ‘ unread ’ material to [remain/keep] an individual reader 's interests ) ;

‘ Less favoured areas … may include small areas affected by specific handicaps and in which farming must be continued , if necessary subject to certain conditions , in order to ensure the conservation of the environment , to maintain the countryside and to preserve the tourist potential of the area or in order to protect the coastline .
‘ less favoured areas … may include small areas affected by specific handicaps and in which farming must be continued , if necessary subject to certain conditions , in order to ensure the conservation of the environment , to [remain/keep] the countryside and to preserve the tourist potential of the area or in order to protect the coastline .

But the heavier load that the manager bears in these bureaux to maintain a larger team and to open longer hours to the public , as well as doing in-depth work , often goes unrecognised .
but the heavier load that the manager bears in these bureaux to [remain/keep] a larger team and to open longer hours to the public , as well as doing in-depth work , often goes unrecognised .

Fleetwood has always jealously guarded its 1919 agreement , in which Blackpool agreed to maintain services to Fleetwood equal to any terminating at Cleveleys .
fleetwood has always jealously guarded its 1919 agreement , in which blackpool agreed to [remain/keep] services to fleetwood equal to any terminating at cleveleys .

Some travel to far parts of the world to see tramway operation , while others conserve and maintain the cars which are in museums .
some travel to far parts of the world to see tramway operation , while others conserve and [remain/keep] the cars which are in museums .

Of course reason struggled hard to maintain its accustomed position and simultaneously you knew that the People passing the wire slept somewhere and that the news on the wireless meant friendly troops nearer or further away .
of course reason struggled hard to [remain/keep] its accustomed position and simultaneously you knew that the people passing the wire slept somewhere and that the news on the wireless meant friendly troops nearer or further away .

It is the processes of wild nature that renew the oxygen in the air , maintain the cycles of essential elements , sustain the fertility of the land , and regulate the flow of rivers .
it is the processes of wild nature that renew the oxygen in the air , [remain/keep] the cycles of essential elements , sustain the fertility of the land , and regulate the flow of rivers .

This much granted , someone might maintain that the fundamental basis for the call to liberate slaves amounted to the dual demand that , first , their interests not be ignored , and , secondly , their interests be counted equitably .
this much granted , someone might [remain/keep] that the fundamental basis for the call to liberate slaves amounted to the dual demand that , first , their interests not be ignored , and , secondly , their interests be counted equitably .

The passenger-carrying airline pilot , the scientist operating the nuclear reactor , the chemist in charge of research into the possible effects of , for example , Thalidomide , the driver of the Manchester to London express , the driver of an articulated lorry full of sulphuric acid , are all in a position in which one failure to maintain the proper standard of professional skill can bring about a major disaster .
the passenger-carrying airline pilot , the scientist operating the nuclear reactor , the chemist in charge of research into the possible effects of , for example , thalidomide , the driver of the manchester to london express , the driver of an articulated lorry full of sulphuric acid , are all in a position in which one failure to [remain/keep] the proper standard of professional skill can bring about a major disaster .

Maintain 'd for me a saving intercourse
[remain/keep] 'd for me a saving intercourse

In this way pupils can study and maintain motivation in science to post-16 level .
in this way pupils can study and [remain/keep] motivation in science to post-16 level .

With our proposals to reform A-levels in the way recommended by the Royal Society and others , the broader range of subjects that will be available will enable those who do not specialise in science to maintain an interest .
with our proposals to reform a-levels in the way recommended by the royal society and others , the broader range of subjects that will be available will enable those who do not specialise in science to [remain/keep] an interest .

The log interpretation lithological model reflects the core information as much as possible with the restriction that the number of unknowns ( minerals ) is limited by the number of logs recorded in order to maintain the stability of the computation model .
the log interpretation lithological model reflects the core information as much as possible with the restriction that the number of unknowns ( minerals ) is limited by the number of logs recorded in order to [remain/keep] the stability of the computation model .

It is our intention to maintain a university of which you will continue to be proud .
it is our intention to [remain/keep] a university of which you will continue to be proud .

The starting point was a description of a system that reflected the equality paradigm , ie showing the activities necessary to maintain equilibrium when providing further education .
the starting point was a description of a system that reflected the equality paradigm , ie showing the activities necessary to [remain/keep] equilibrium when providing further education .

However , fundamental changes were not inevitable , as it was quite possible to maintain the service management role for the foreseeable future , with Colleges obtaining and utilising resources in the manner previously prescribed and implemented .
however , fundamental changes were not inevitable , as it was quite possible to [remain/keep] the service management role for the foreseeable future , with colleges obtaining and utilising resources in the manner previously prescribed and implemented .

‘ … to collect appropriate information , as defined by the activities of the Highways and Planning departments , to maintain that information cohesively , such that it is consistent , accurate , up-to-date , complete and easy to manage , and to provide access to that information within the time constraints of the users , … ''
‘ … to collect appropriate information , as defined by the activities of the highways and planning departments , to [remain/keep] that information cohesively , such that it is consistent , accurate , up-to-date , complete and easy to manage , and to provide access to that information within the time constraints of the users , … ''

Maintain Information
[remain/keep] information

Staff in both departments found it necessary to maintain informal or social contacts to obtain information required for their tasks , and had some misgivings about the lateral flow of mutually relevant information .
staff in both departments found it necessary to [remain/keep] informal or social contacts to obtain information required for their tasks , and had some misgivings about the lateral flow of mutually relevant information .

There was also a requirement to maintain consistency with past practice by generally following the file references of the departments which were then in use .
there was also a requirement to [remain/keep] consistency with past practice by generally following the file references of the departments which were then in use .

It was also likely that all incoming correspondence would have to be recorded before circulation in order to maintain system integrity , which would be difficult to control as some correspondence was passed directly to branch officers without being opened in the Registry .
it was also likely that all incoming correspondence would have to be recorded before circulation in order to [remain/keep] system integrity , which would be difficult to control as some correspondence was passed directly to branch officers without being opened in the registry .

To maintain links between the main model and the outputs of the expansion , an ‘ audit trail ’ should be established by numbering each component of the model in thumb , then extending the numbers on a decimal basis as the expansion progresses .
to [remain/keep] links between the main model and the outputs of the expansion , an ‘ audit trail ’ should be established by numbering each component of the model in thumb , then extending the numbers on a decimal basis as the expansion progresses .

One example may suffice : Ulpian , in discussing the duty on parents to maintain their children ( and vice versa ) uses of the consuls the words ali iubebunt , ‘ they will order maintenance ’ .
one example may suffice : ulpian , in discussing the duty on parents to [remain/keep] their children ( and vice versa ) uses of the consuls the words ali iubebunt , ‘ they will order maintenance ’ .

But in the beginning the main aim was to achieve and maintain any intelligibility at all .
but in the beginning the main aim was to achieve and [remain/keep] any intelligibility at all .

The interviewer is trying to be objective and scientific , yet has to establish and maintain ‘ rapport ’ if he is to get a good interview .
the interviewer is trying to be objective and scientific , yet has to establish and [remain/keep] ‘ rapport ’ if he is to get a good interview .

Pride of this nature helps to maintain good standards .
pride of this nature helps to [remain/keep] good standards .

There is a law in physics , identified by Isaac Newton , which says in essence that everything falls apart without energy : if you do not maintain your house , it will fall down ; if you do not look after your business , it will fall apart .
there is a law in physics , identified by isaac newton , which says in essence that everything falls apart without energy : if you do not [remain/keep] your house , it will fall down ; if you do not look after your business , it will fall apart .

They are content to maintain their secrecy and carry on business as normal .
they are content to [remain/keep] their secrecy and carry on business as normal .

These and others maintain that a human being can be affected by events , emotions and environment from conception onwards .
these and others [remain/keep] that a human being can be affected by events , emotions and environment from conception onwards .

Whatever the method , it is vital to keep accurate , up-to-date figures so that the retailer can maintain the ideal stock level .
whatever the method , it is vital to keep accurate , up-to-date figures so that the retailer can [remain/keep] the ideal stock level .

The Company had promised in 1890 to maintain this school , when it was erected , and if it was free from debt .
the company had promised in 1890 to [remain/keep] this school , when it was erected , and if it was free from debt .

It is extremely difficult to maintain a full interdisciplinary focus whilst at the same time maintaining equitable balance between subjects , and also planning the internal subject inputs in a meaningful patterned way .
it is extremely difficult to [remain/keep] a full interdisciplinary focus whilst at the same time maintaining equitable balance between subjects , and also planning the internal subject inputs in a meaningful patterned way .

To survive successfully the head will need a clear sense of priorities , and the self-confidence and intellectual astuteness to maintain a chosen path .
to survive successfully the head will need a clear sense of priorities , and the self-confidence and intellectual astuteness to [remain/keep] a chosen path .

you maintain an average monthly balance credit balance of over £1,000 , or
you [remain/keep] an average monthly balance credit balance of over £1,000 , or

you maintain an average monthly overdraft of over £1,000 , or
you [remain/keep] an average monthly overdraft of over £1,000 , or

In Joan Wake 's book The Brudenells of Deene one reads that ‘ not the least of John , Duke of Montagu 's many attractive qualities was a love for animals , which led him to maintain a hospital for sick dogs at his house in Ditton Park in Buckinghamshire ’ .
in joan wake 's book the brudenells of deene one reads that ‘ not the least of john , duke of montagu 's many attractive qualities was a love for animals , which led him to [remain/keep] a hospital for sick dogs at his house in ditton park in buckinghamshire ’ .

The Foundation must aim to build up and then maintain energy and momentum by exploiting the moral authority of its position as insistent ‘ animateur ’ .
the foundation must aim to build up and then [remain/keep] energy and momentum by exploiting the moral authority of its position as insistent ‘ animateur ’ .

Structures of management and finance devised to maintain environments and institutions may not be the same as are needed to oversee renewal .
structures of management and finance devised to [remain/keep] environments and institutions may not be the same as are needed to oversee renewal .

An injunction was granted in that case to enforce that duty ordering the owner to maintain a hoarding around a vacant piece of his land or find some other way to prevent trespassers from using and depositing filth and refuse there , which amongst other things , gave rise to foul odours .
an injunction was granted in that case to enforce that duty ordering the owner to [remain/keep] a hoarding around a vacant piece of his land or find some other way to prevent trespassers from using and depositing filth and refuse there , which amongst other things , gave rise to foul odours .

You seek to maintain control over people important to you ( ie you restrict their freedom , lay down rigid rules , issue ultimatums , become possessive/unreasonable ) .
you seek to [remain/keep] control over people important to you ( ie you restrict their freedom , lay down rigid rules , issue ultimatums , become possessive/unreasonable ) .

Often people maintain that it is knowing your stuff that really counts and behaviour is just the icing on the cake .
often people [remain/keep] that it is knowing your stuff that really counts and behaviour is just the icing on the cake .

People with a low tolerance for change therefore tend to fight hard to maintain the status quo , often without being able to articulate their reasons for so doing .
people with a low tolerance for change therefore tend to fight hard to [remain/keep] the status quo , often without being able to articulate their reasons for so doing .

Generate ideas on how the selected issues could be tackled in future , either to maintain a success or to improve a weakness .
generate ideas on how the selected issues could be tackled in future , either to [remain/keep] a success or to improve a weakness .

use humour to ease tensions and maintain good relationships
use humour to ease tensions and [remain/keep] good relationships

Political scientists in the 1950s and '60s managed to maintain this position through two major lines of argument and methodology .
political scientists in the 1950s and '60s managed to [remain/keep] this position through two major lines of argument and methodology .

Locally , they maintain , state intervention is directed towards consumption processes , and policies are developed through a plurality of political struggles .
locally , they [remain/keep] , state intervention is directed towards consumption processes , and policies are developed through a plurality of political struggles .

During the implementation stages , it is all too easy for teachers , including the head , struggling to maintain the ‘ helicopter view ’ necessary for good leadership , to become bogged down in mid-term crises and the drudgery of routine paperwork .
during the implementation stages , it is all too easy for teachers , including the head , struggling to [remain/keep] the ‘ helicopter view ’ necessary for good leadership , to become bogged down in mid-term crises and the drudgery of routine paperwork .

It is uncertain how these criteria will operate in practice , for example , whether they will allow a host state to maintain a prohibition on floating interest rates on mortgages where financial institutions authorised by other member states provide them freely .
it is uncertain how these criteria will operate in practice , for example , whether they will allow a host state to [remain/keep] a prohibition on floating interest rates on mortgages where financial institutions authorised by other member states provide them freely .

Certain types of agreement will seldom if ever qualify for exemption , for example those which restrict competition so as to affect inter-state trade and contain export bans , maintain retail prices or lead to absolute territorial protection of national markets .
certain types of agreement will seldom if ever qualify for exemption , for example those which restrict competition so as to affect inter-state trade and contain export bans , [remain/keep] retail prices or lead to absolute territorial protection of national markets .

Companies , it is claimed , will put their energies into short-term performance and the payment of high dividends in order to maintain the value of their stock exchange listing , at the cost of long term planning and investment that would ultimately be of far greater benefit for the company , its investors and the economy as a whole .
companies , it is claimed , will put their energies into short-term performance and the payment of high dividends in order to [remain/keep] the value of their stock exchange listing , at the cost of long term planning and investment that would ultimately be of far greater benefit for the company , its investors and the economy as a whole .

We have been preached to by film stars and eastern gurus ; by so called fitness experts and by celebrities who want to tell us how to maintain youthful looks .
we have been preached to by film stars and eastern gurus ; by so called fitness experts and by celebrities who want to tell us how to [remain/keep] youthful looks .

It means taking into account our current eating habits and including in our diet the necessary changes that are required to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
it means taking into account our current eating habits and including in our diet the necessary changes that are required to [remain/keep] a healthy lifestyle .

Once you have reached your goal weight , you will want to maintain the health , fitness and slimness benefits that you have achieved .
once you have reached your goal weight , you will want to [remain/keep] the health , fitness and slimness benefits that you have achieved .

However , they are very problem specific and therefore difficult to adapt to new situations , also large rule bases become very difficult to maintain ( 500 rules ) .
however , they are very problem specific and therefore difficult to adapt to new situations , also large rule bases become very difficult to [remain/keep] ( 500 rules ) .

Substantial investment is required in order to maintain aircraft in an airworthy condition .
substantial investment is required in order to [remain/keep] aircraft in an airworthy condition .

Accounts of his sexual prowess have been dismissed by sceptics , but those who knew him better maintain that he was able to exercise extraordinary self-control when making love , so that sex several times a day with different women was perfectly feasible .
accounts of his sexual prowess have been dismissed by sceptics , but those who knew him better [remain/keep] that he was able to exercise extraordinary self-control when making love , so that sex several times a day with different women was perfectly feasible .

Recent scientific research has shown that Equi-Strath , a herbal food preparation will help maintain the body 's immune defence system and thereby help maintain vitality and assist the performance of the working horse .
recent scientific research has shown that equi-strath , a herbal food preparation will help [remain/keep] the body 's immune defence system and thereby help [remain/keep] vitality and assist the performance of the working horse .

When used on a daily basis , food digestion is greatly improved ensuring that essential dietary elements are assimilated by the horse in the most effective manner ; thereby helping maintain balanced growth .
when used on a daily basis , food digestion is greatly improved ensuring that essential dietary elements are assimilated by the horse in the most effective manner ; thereby helping [remain/keep] balanced growth .

Cedar Health claim that Equi-Strath is a natural restorative for horses in training , competition and hunting and an ideal supplement in helping broodmares maintain their condition both prior to conception and throughout the foaling period .
cedar health claim that equi-strath is a natural restorative for horses in training , competition and hunting and an ideal supplement in helping broodmares [remain/keep] their condition both prior to conception and throughout the foaling period .

It provides funds and expertise to maintain and restore ancient sites , castles , monuments and historically important buildings all over the country .
it provides funds and expertise to [remain/keep] and restore ancient sites , castles , monuments and historically important buildings all over the country .

If the bad image of the pawnbroker kept would-be customers away , many of the small debtors would have been even more reluctant to seek relief from the grander money-lender whose role was not so much , it seems , to relieve the impoverished of misery as to maintain the well-off in their excesses .
if the bad image of the pawnbroker kept would-be customers away , many of the small debtors would have been even more reluctant to seek relief from the grander money-lender whose role was not so much , it seems , to relieve the impoverished of misery as to [remain/keep] the well-off in their excesses .

Retailers relied more on bank credit cards or their own ‘ store cards ’ to maintain and increase their sales with the smallest risk of default .
retailers relied more on bank credit cards or their own ‘ store cards ’ to [remain/keep] and increase their sales with the smallest risk of default .

The most important factor in keeping arrears down to the lowest possible level was exercising proper care in granting mortgage loans , checking the applicant 's income , his previous borrowing record , verifying that the property was relevant to the borrower 's needs and his ability to maintain it in good order .
the most important factor in keeping arrears down to the lowest possible level was exercising proper care in granting mortgage loans , checking the applicant 's income , his previous borrowing record , verifying that the property was relevant to the borrower 's needs and his ability to [remain/keep] it in good order .

Fred Stephenson , a local farmer , was the only entrant , and the clerk of the course the only spectator , as he rode and walked the course to maintain the continuity of the tradition .
fred stephenson , a local farmer , was the only entrant , and the clerk of the course the only spectator , as he rode and walked the course to [remain/keep] the continuity of the tradition .

One or two places in Yorkshire still have their maypoles — Aldborough and Long Preston for instance — and May celebrations take place in many other areas , but the villages of Gawthorpe and Barwick-in-Elmet have very long-standing traditions which the local people are keen to maintain .
one or two places in yorkshire still have their maypoles — aldborough and long preston for instance — and may celebrations take place in many other areas , but the villages of gawthorpe and barwick-in-elmet have very long-standing traditions which the local people are keen to [remain/keep] .

Handel , hymns and hospitals do not at first appear to have very much in common , but the first two have helped maintain the latter , in at least two places , for 100 years .
handel , hymns and hospitals do not at first appear to have very much in common , but the first two have helped [remain/keep] the latter , in at least two places , for 100 years .

Gerald Peach , sing secretary , said that , though it was not what it used to be , ‘ it is a tradition we are anxious to maintain ’ .
gerald peach , sing secretary , said that , though it was not what it used to be , ‘ it is a tradition we are anxious to [remain/keep] ’ .

The lord of the manor of Seamer was entitled to receive ‘ … Pollage , Package , Stallage , and Standage ’ , but as the king 's representative he had also to enforce the law and maintain the peace at the fair .
the lord of the manor of seamer was entitled to receive ‘ … pollage , package , stallage , and standage ’ , but as the king 's representative he had also to enforce the law and [remain/keep] the peace at the fair .

The name was intended as a tribute to Lord Beaverbrook , the politician and newspaper magnate , whose name was synonymous with trust , a quality Beaverbrooks still maintain as one of their principal values , together with their ever present high quality and good service .
the name was intended as a tribute to lord beaverbrook , the politician and newspaper magnate , whose name was synonymous with trust , a quality beaverbrooks still [remain/keep] as one of their principal values , together with their ever present high quality and good service .

The effect resulted mainly from the fact that larger coalitions could maintain tenure of a pride for longer .
the effect resulted mainly from the fact that larger coalitions could [remain/keep] tenure of a pride for longer .

The Third World is competing with inadequate resources for sources of energy that are essential to begin and maintain development .
the third world is competing with inadequate resources for sources of energy that are essential to begin and [remain/keep] development .

The vital ingredient that serum provides to a medium is lipid , which cells need to maintain the integrity of their outer membranes .
the vital ingredient that serum provides to a medium is lipid , which cells need to [remain/keep] the integrity of their outer membranes .

In other words , they are trying to develop a pump that a village caretaker could maintain with a single spanner .
in other words , they are trying to develop a pump that a village caretaker could [remain/keep] with a single spanner .

Around 200 pumps are now in place and during the next three years villagers will learn to maintain them .
around 200 pumps are now in place and during the next three years villagers will learn to [remain/keep] them .

The stations are connected by telemetry to the suburban house of Varotsos in Glyfada , near Athens , where he and his wife Mary maintain a 24-hour watch on the instruments .
the stations are connected by telemetry to the suburban house of varotsos in glyfada , near athens , where he and his wife mary [remain/keep] a 24-hour watch on the instruments .

the industry ought to be spending £310 million a year to maintain the system in its existing state .
the industry ought to be spending £310 million a year to [remain/keep] the system in its existing state .

( The Welsh Office and the Scottish Office maintain roads in Wales and Scotland . )
( the welsh office and the scottish office [remain/keep] roads in wales and scotland . )

Not surprisingly , except perhaps to those who maintain a Poor Law mentality , unemployed people are generally more unhappy than their employed counterparts .
not surprisingly , except perhaps to those who [remain/keep] a poor law mentality , unemployed people are generally more unhappy than their employed counterparts .

Thus it is important for the computer experts to adapt if they are to maintain some grasp , albeit a tenuous one , on the computers in their organisations .
thus it is important for the computer experts to adapt if they are to [remain/keep] some grasp , albeit a tenuous one , on the computers in their organisations .

However , it costs around £6.6 million a year to operate and maintain — more than twice the value of the electricity generated .
however , it costs around £6.6 million a year to operate and [remain/keep] — more than twice the value of the electricity generated .

This female lays her eggs some distance away in a rabbit burrow and when the ducklings hatch , both parents take them to a different feeding position on the mud flats where , for a while , they again maintain a territory .
this female lays her eggs some distance away in a rabbit burrow and when the ducklings hatch , both parents take them to a different feeding position on the mud flats where , for a while , they again [remain/keep] a territory .

The two universities claim that they need stray animals to maintain a genetically mixed animal model rather than a purebred strain .
the two universities claim that they need stray animals to [remain/keep] a genetically mixed animal model rather than a purebred strain .

He also chooses which vacant university posts need to be filled to maintain Berlin 's attractiveness as a place of study .
he also chooses which vacant university posts need to be filled to [remain/keep] berlin 's attractiveness as a place of study .

Then there are the affrine transformations , which destroy shape and size but maintain straightness and proportions in any line , as well as parallels ; and projective transformations which destroy shape , size , proportions and parallels , maintaining only straightness , as in perspective .
then there are the affrine transformations , which destroy shape and size but [remain/keep] straightness and proportions in any line , as well as parallels ; and projective transformations which destroy shape , size , proportions and parallels , maintaining only straightness , as in perspective .

In this similarity pattern the fish must maintain a constant bearing with respect to the pole and therefore can not actually reach the pole in any finite number of orbits .
in this similarity pattern the fish must [remain/keep] a constant bearing with respect to the pole and therefore can not actually reach the pole in any finite number of orbits .

Elsewhere there is a preponderance of older lecturers who have heavy teaching loads , a discouraging success rate for grant applications , and a shortage of people actually to carry out the research , so physics departments have to be very determined indeed to maintain a thriving research programme .
elsewhere there is a preponderance of older lecturers who have heavy teaching loads , a discouraging success rate for grant applications , and a shortage of people actually to carry out the research , so physics departments have to be very determined indeed to [remain/keep] a thriving research programme .

Yet the physicists maintain , this type of research underlies new developments both in technology , and other sciences .
yet the physicists [remain/keep] , this type of research underlies new developments both in technology , and other sciences .

These males are still in their bright nuptial plumage and as long as they retain it they maintain the high levels of vigilance observed when accompanying their females .
these males are still in their bright nuptial plumage and as long as they retain it they [remain/keep] the high levels of vigilance observed when accompanying their females .

The implication is that males need maintain high levels of vigilance only when in nuptial plumage .
the implication is that males need [remain/keep] high levels of vigilance only when in nuptial plumage .

Rather than maintain high levels of vigilance all the time , birds choose to lower their levels of vigilance when risk is low .
rather than [remain/keep] high levels of vigilance all the time , birds choose to lower their levels of vigilance when risk is low .

The move follows years of neglect and a recent rude report from the government 's Antarctic research policy advisory committee which maintained that a replacement transport system was essential if Australia was to maintain an effective presence on the continent .
the move follows years of neglect and a recent rude report from the government 's antarctic research policy advisory committee which maintained that a replacement transport system was essential if australia was to [remain/keep] an effective presence on the continent .

If each prisoner can trust the other not to confess , the best deal for the two of them is to maintain silence .
if each prisoner can trust the other not to confess , the best deal for the two of them is to [remain/keep] silence .

It had to be easy and cheap to build , maintain and operate in addition to using local materials where possible .
it had to be easy and cheap to build , [remain/keep] and operate in addition to using local materials where possible .

The Greensight approach is not only cheap to implement and maintain , but also flexible , so that sites can be treated individually .
the greensight approach is not only cheap to implement and [remain/keep] , but also flexible , so that sites can be treated individually .

Can the team maintain these standards ? Twenty-five years covered in one volume , with four other volumes following to tell the story of 1926 alone , shows that the key problem is that of seeing the whole wood among the wealth of trees .
can the team [remain/keep] these standards ? twenty-five years covered in one volume , with four other volumes following to tell the story of 1926 alone , shows that the key problem is that of seeing the whole wood among the wealth of trees .

After the fire , the pressure to maintain production of polonium at the second ( unscathed ) Windscale pile would have been intense .
after the fire , the pressure to [remain/keep] production of polonium at the second ( unscathed ) windscale pile would have been intense .

But cruise and Pershing 11 missiles do more than maintain deterrence in the face of a growing threat .
but cruise and pershing 11 missiles do more than [remain/keep] deterrence in the face of a growing threat .

However , with any luck , the system could maintain circulation even in the case of total heart failure , purely by venous pumping .
however , with any luck , the system could [remain/keep] circulation even in the case of total heart failure , purely by venous pumping .

Highly skilled industrial workers are needed to erect , operate and maintain large plants , and most countries have to import the entire plant .
highly skilled industrial workers are needed to erect , operate and [remain/keep] large plants , and most countries have to import the entire plant .

Indeed , the need to maintain the facade of politesse is often paramount .
indeed , the need to [remain/keep] the facade of politesse is often paramount .

Before , the main component of idle production time was idle labour ; today , given that machine down time costs seven times the rate of employing someone , the knowledge to maintain and repair machines becomes the most important skill .
before , the main component of idle production time was idle labour ; today , given that machine down time costs seven times the rate of employing someone , the knowledge to [remain/keep] and repair machines becomes the most important skill .

Each Monday these workers maintain and program their own machines .
each monday these workers [remain/keep] and program their own machines .

First , the animal may need bright colours for social reasons — to attract a mate , repel a rival , maintain high status , or carry out parental duties .
first , the animal may need bright colours for social reasons — to attract a mate , repel a rival , [remain/keep] high status , or carry out parental duties .

Many women who go grey early maintain the looks that belong to their real age by having their hair colour-rinsed .
many women who go grey early [remain/keep] the looks that belong to their real age by having their hair colour-rinsed .

Sophisticated dyes and colourings make it possible to hide this sign of age for as long as we wish and those in public life may , unfortunately , believe that only by covering the tell-tale grey will they maintain their credibility as energetic and creative top people .
sophisticated dyes and colourings make it possible to hide this sign of age for as long as we wish and those in public life may , unfortunately , believe that only by covering the tell-tale grey will they [remain/keep] their credibility as energetic and creative top people .

There may be complaints and accusations of neglect to be endured at first , but it is stimulating for the old person to have new company and most important for you , the carer , to maintain some friends and some life outside the home , both for present needs and for the future when you will be alone .
there may be complaints and accusations of neglect to be endured at first , but it is stimulating for the old person to have new company and most important for you , the carer , to [remain/keep] some friends and some life outside the home , both for present needs and for the future when you will be alone .

Shetlanders would maintain that in the past individual incomers had to become part of the local community : now they no longer needed to .
shetlanders would [remain/keep] that in the past individual incomers had to become part of the local community : now they no longer needed to .

Thus , the planners maintain that this new demand must be disciplined in some way .
thus , the planners [remain/keep] that this new demand must be disciplined in some way .

After all , as the planners maintain , government legislation requires every local authority to provide a full range of services and so it is only logical and business-like to plan to provide these things cheaply .
after all , as the planners [remain/keep] , government legislation requires every local authority to provide a full range of services and so it is only logical and business-like to plan to provide these things cheaply .

These leaders have tried the forceful suppression of such activities , but inevitably have failed to maintain the state thus established and eventually have been obliged to retract .
these leaders have tried the forceful suppression of such activities , but inevitably have failed to [remain/keep] the state thus established and eventually have been obliged to retract .

If it were possible to unfold the entire long history of the world 's religions in such a manner that it could be scrutinised , assimilated and judged in a single all-embracing operation , the verdict would be that it had strayed so far from the basic human need , and so far from the intentions of those good and sincere people who have throughout that history struggled to maintain its integrity , that it might well be condemned outright as a story of failure unmatched by anything else that has ever happened on earth .
if it were possible to unfold the entire long history of the world 's religions in such a manner that it could be scrutinised , assimilated and judged in a single all-embracing operation , the verdict would be that it had strayed so far from the basic human need , and so far from the intentions of those good and sincere people who have throughout that history struggled to [remain/keep] its integrity , that it might well be condemned outright as a story of failure unmatched by anything else that has ever happened on earth .

This power , above all things should be the unfailing ally of the forces trying to maintain law and order but it has been allowed to become weakened to the point that it is almost non-existent in the mental make-up of a great many people .
this power , above all things should be the unfailing ally of the forces trying to [remain/keep] law and order but it has been allowed to become weakened to the point that it is almost non-existent in the mental make-up of a great many people .

The expedient of the withholding of manifestations of love from the very young child amounts to the instilling of the first tiny measure of fear , and fear , used in conjunction with reward provides the fundamental tools which the adult population must have if it is to maintain steady progress towards the civilisation it desires .
the expedient of the withholding of manifestations of love from the very young child amounts to the instilling of the first tiny measure of fear , and fear , used in conjunction with reward provides the fundamental tools which the adult population must have if it is to [remain/keep] steady progress towards the civilisation it desires .

Others are those who did not adventure themselves on the Crusade , but stayed to maintain the rights of their absent lords in their proper manors and castles , but as the years passed and their lords did not return they have been turned out from their posts of trust .
others are those who did not adventure themselves on the crusade , but stayed to [remain/keep] the rights of their absent lords in their proper manors and castles , but as the years passed and their lords did not return they have been turned out from their posts of trust .

They had been moving steadily through a very thick part of the forest in which it was impossible to maintain a constant direction for more than a few paces .
they had been moving steadily through a very thick part of the forest in which it was impossible to [remain/keep] a constant direction for more than a few paces .

‘ My life is hard indeed ’ — the life of the leader of a feudal host , whose business it was to defend and protect his followers ; the ruler of fair France , la douce France , whose business it was to protect and govern his country ; the emperor of Christendom , whose business it was to maintain the fortress of Christian Europe and to expand its borders .
‘ my life is hard indeed ’ — the life of the leader of a feudal host , whose business it was to defend and protect his followers ; the ruler of fair france , la douce france , whose business it was to protect and govern his country ; the emperor of christendom , whose business it was to [remain/keep] the fortress of christian europe and to expand its borders .

However , the government is in something of a quandary in trying to reconcile the demands of a more liberal European transport market with the need to maintain controls over illegal immigrants , terrorists , drug smugglers and those trying to bring in animals illegally .
however , the government is in something of a quandary in trying to reconcile the demands of a more liberal european transport market with the need to [remain/keep] controls over illegal immigrants , terrorists , drug smugglers and those trying to bring in animals illegally .

It is sceptical about the value of regional assistance and investment in transport infrastructure in stimulating depressed economies , and determined to maintain strict financial controls over British Rail .
it is sceptical about the value of regional assistance and investment in transport infrastructure in stimulating depressed economies , and determined to [remain/keep] strict financial controls over british rail .

The Wells Report went further , in its consciousness of the need to raise and maintain academic standards , stating that : ‘ No person shall be eligible to become a chartered surveyor unless he possesses the necessary academic qualifications and has acquired a practical knowledge of surveying … .
the wells report went further , in its consciousness of the need to raise and [remain/keep] academic standards , stating that : ‘ no person shall be eligible to become a chartered surveyor unless he possesses the necessary academic qualifications and has acquired a practical knowledge of surveying … .

An academic model for building surveying education has been established by the ‘ centres of excellence ’ , and where the shortfall in employment prospects has chilled the ebullience of some job markets , the building surveyor is currently displaying skills and attributes that stimulate a demand and maintain a 100% employment record for the graduates .
an academic model for building surveying education has been established by the ‘ centres of excellence ’ , and where the shortfall in employment prospects has chilled the ebullience of some job markets , the building surveyor is currently displaying skills and attributes that stimulate a demand and [remain/keep] a 100% employment record for the graduates .

In order to preserve certain client relationships it may be necessary for a partner ( not responsible for the particular specialisation required ) to maintain personal control whilst delegating the execution of the task to the group or department concerned .
in order to preserve certain client relationships it may be necessary for a partner ( not responsible for the particular specialisation required ) to [remain/keep] personal control whilst delegating the execution of the task to the group or department concerned .

Many surveying practices face irregular demand for their services and therefore the correct balance between work volume and staff levels can be difficult to maintain .
many surveying practices face irregular demand for their services and therefore the correct balance between work volume and staff levels can be difficult to [remain/keep] .

As soon as several partners are involved the need for good financial control systems is emphasised by the need to maintain equity between partners and perhaps relate profit shares to job profitability .
as soon as several partners are involved the need for good financial control systems is emphasised by the need to [remain/keep] equity between partners and perhaps relate profit shares to job profitability .

However , and this could easily be the case in the larger surveying organisation , it may not be in the interests of either effective management or particular individuals to maintain this full-scale participation of all members .
however , and this could easily be the case in the larger surveying organisation , it may not be in the interests of either effective management or particular individuals to [remain/keep] this full-scale participation of all members .

The problem is how the professional bodies themselves can maintain ethical discipline over members , with regard to the prospect of shareholders seeking high profitability and paying rather less concern to the interests of the company 's clients .
the problem is how the professional bodies themselves can [remain/keep] ethical discipline over members , with regard to the prospect of shareholders seeking high profitability and paying rather less concern to the interests of the company 's clients .

Nevertheless , even though the procedural obstacles in partnership dissolution may be merely inconvenient , the company is probably the easier form to maintain without death or retirement disrupting the organisation .
nevertheless , even though the procedural obstacles in partnership dissolution may be merely inconvenient , the company is probably the easier form to [remain/keep] without death or retirement disrupting the organisation .

For example , a district council in Sussex sought , when granting detailed planning permission on half a site at fourteen dwellings per acre , to maintain the average overall density at ten per acre .
for example , a district council in sussex sought , when granting detailed planning permission on half a site at fourteen dwellings per acre , to [remain/keep] the average overall density at ten per acre .

Government policy was , and is , to maintain urban densities to conserve farming land , and when the developers won an appeal on the second half at a density of twelve houses per acre , the developer asked the district council whether , in view of the Secretary of State 's decision , they would agree to waive the restriction ( which they could still enforce if they wished under the Section 52 agreement ) ; this the district council agreed to do .
government policy was , and is , to [remain/keep] urban densities to conserve farming land , and when the developers won an appeal on the second half at a density of twelve houses per acre , the developer asked the district council whether , in view of the secretary of state 's decision , they would agree to waive the restriction ( which they could still enforce if they wished under the section 52 agreement ) ; this the district council agreed to do .

Finally , if the surveyor can show the contractor that he is processing the claim and will.make his decision within a reasonable time , it should be possible to maintain a good relationship with him .
finally , if the surveyor can show the contractor that he is processing the claim and will.make his decision within a reasonable time , it should be possible to [remain/keep] a good relationship with him .

Capitalist society … can maintain a relative equilibrium only at the price of painful crises ; the adaptation of the various parts of the social organism to each other and to the whole can be achieved only with a colossal waste of energy .
capitalist society … can [remain/keep] a relative equilibrium only at the price of painful crises ; the adaptation of the various parts of the social organism to each other and to the whole can be achieved only with a colossal waste of energy .

In other words he showed the cause to be the incapability of capitalism to maintain an equilibrium among the various elements of production .
in other words he showed the cause to be the incapability of capitalism to [remain/keep] an equilibrium among the various elements of production .

The reason for this is that the renewal of fixed capital is normally to maintain existing production levels .
the reason for this is that the renewal of fixed capital is normally to [remain/keep] existing production levels .

These crises he showed to be caused by a general lack of planning ( anarchy ) of the capitalist methods of production , by the impossibility of attaining correct proportions between elements of the process of reproduction under capitalism , especially between production and consumption … he showed the cause to be the incapability of capitalism to maintain an equilibrium among the various elements of production .
these crises he showed to be caused by a general lack of planning ( anarchy ) of the capitalist methods of production , by the impossibility of attaining correct proportions between elements of the process of reproduction under capitalism , especially between production and consumption … he showed the cause to be the incapability of capitalism to [remain/keep] an equilibrium among the various elements of production .

When you are made aware of this you can consciously choose not to react in a stressed way and you will therefore be able to maintain a calmness even when life becomes hectic .
when you are made aware of this you can consciously choose not to react in a stressed way and you will therefore be able to [remain/keep] a calmness even when life becomes hectic .

In the same way all three points need to have equal weight going through them in order to maintain balance and coordination without placing an undue strain upon muscles and joints .
in the same way all three points need to have equal weight going through them in order to [remain/keep] balance and coordination without placing an undue strain upon muscles and joints .

This way of rising helps to maintain the length of spine which has been achieved while lying .
this way of rising helps to [remain/keep] the length of spine which has been achieved while lying .

You will not only be easing or preventing serious backache , but you will ensure that the discs in the spine are able to maintain their correct shape for longer .
you will not only be easing or preventing serious backache , but you will ensure that the discs in the spine are able to [remain/keep] their correct shape for longer .

While giving a pupil a lesson , it is possible to feel the muscles tense in order to maintain balance as he or she begins to lose awareness of the surroundings when ‘ mind-wandering ’ .
while giving a pupil a lesson , it is possible to feel the muscles tense in order to [remain/keep] balance as he or she begins to lose awareness of the surroundings when ‘ mind-wandering ’ .

Ron died in the early hours of Saturday 15 February following illness which he had fought with characteristic resilience , striving to maintain his involvement in the many spheres in sport to which he had brought such positive influence .
ron died in the early hours of saturday 15 february following illness which he had fought with characteristic resilience , striving to [remain/keep] his involvement in the many spheres in sport to which he had brought such positive influence .

Each team has a backup squad who , aside from shouting encouragement , will prepare and maintain the raft and organize the team 's campsite area as well as cooking , massaging aching limbs , etc .
each team has a backup squad who , aside from shouting encouragement , will prepare and [remain/keep] the raft and organize the team 's campsite area as well as cooking , massaging aching limbs , etc .

Until someone can explain why it makes sense for individuals to maintain personal equity portfolios , the odds are that the selling will continue .
until someone can explain why it makes sense for individuals to [remain/keep] personal equity portfolios , the odds are that the selling will continue .

‘ Plus , 33 per cent maintain liquid assets of over $ 75,000 .
‘ plus , 33 per cent [remain/keep] liquid assets of over $ 75,000 .

Indeed , ‘ opponents ’ of food intolerance would maintain that most supposed food intolerance is psychosomatic illness .
indeed , ‘ opponents ’ of food intolerance would [remain/keep] that most supposed food intolerance is psychosomatic illness .

The following suggestions should help to improve your general health and maintain a well-balanced mental outlook .
the following suggestions should help to improve your general health and [remain/keep] a well-balanced mental outlook .

By avoiding her culprit foods , and removing a number of synthetic chemicals ( see p 164 ) from her home , Hazel managed to maintain a reasonable state of health once she left the environmental unit .
by avoiding her culprit foods , and removing a number of synthetic chemicals ( see p 164 ) from her home , hazel managed to [remain/keep] a reasonable state of health once she left the environmental unit .

The ideal tear substitute should promote the formation of a functional tear film which would preserve visual sharpness and restore and maintain the health of the cornea ( Fig .
the ideal tear substitute should promote the formation of a functional tear film which would preserve visual sharpness and restore and [remain/keep] the health of the cornea ( fig .

Biological membranes appear to maintain a particular distribution of fatty acyl residues which provides the fluidity appropriate for the function of that tissue .
biological membranes appear to [remain/keep] a particular distribution of fatty acyl residues which provides the fluidity appropriate for the function of that tissue .

Research has suggested that for blood cells , this lipid asymmetry may help to maintain the delicate balance between haemostasis and thrombosis .
research has suggested that for blood cells , this lipid asymmetry may help to [remain/keep] the delicate balance between haemostasis and thrombosis .

Only when the Bill was amended to make it compulsory for local authorities to provide and maintain facilities for deaf children did the Liberal Government of the day allow the Bill to become law .
only when the bill was amended to make it compulsory for local authorities to provide and [remain/keep] facilities for deaf children did the liberal government of the day allow the bill to become law .

The survey figures also suggest very clearly that the lack of really severe cold in any winter since has enabled many resident birds to maintain increased populations in woodland , although this may not be so in other habitats .
the survey figures also suggest very clearly that the lack of really severe cold in any winter since has enabled many resident birds to [remain/keep] increased populations in woodland , although this may not be so in other habitats .

The student ‘ teacher ’ will have a responsibility to maintain standards , and this should be reflected in an improvement in her own nursing skills .
the student ‘ teacher ’ will have a responsibility to [remain/keep] standards , and this should be reflected in an improvement in her own nursing skills .

She can maintain individual contact and watch the progress of the students .
she can [remain/keep] individual contact and watch the progress of the students .

As a result , good relationships are hard to build up and maintain .
as a result , good relationships are hard to build up and [remain/keep] .

Finally , the clinical teacher has to maintain a good relationship with patients and relatives .
finally , the clinical teacher has to [remain/keep] a good relationship with patients and relatives .

Pentel also make a range of pens which are excellent , especially as the felt tips do not become fuzzy with use and maintain their firmness .
pentel also make a range of pens which are excellent , especially as the felt tips do not become fuzzy with use and [remain/keep] their firmness .

Managers found it impossible to maintain discipline : if a girl found a man to keep her for a while , she would ‘ scarper ’ ( disappear ) .
managers found it impossible to [remain/keep] discipline : if a girl found a man to keep her for a while , she would ‘ scarper ’ ( disappear ) .

The fact that John had handed over the reins of power to Miss Doris and Mr Smith seemed a great honour but his stipulation that they should keep and maintain the name and reputation of the business so long as it was possible to do so proved a massive task for them in later years .
the fact that john had handed over the reins of power to miss doris and mr smith seemed a great honour but his stipulation that they should keep and [remain/keep] the name and reputation of the business so long as it was possible to do so proved a massive task for them in later years .

The New York Herald headlined ‘ These Girl 's Do n't Drink , Smoke or Flirt ’ and printed an article , attributed to Mary , in which she explained how difficult it was for her to maintain discipline in a society where young girls were surrounded on every side by such bad examples of free and easy ways in all walks of life .
the new york herald headlined ‘ these girl 's do n't drink , smoke or flirt ’ and printed an article , attributed to mary , in which she explained how difficult it was for her to [remain/keep] discipline in a society where young girls were surrounded on every side by such bad examples of free and easy ways in all walks of life .

Added to his faithful representation was his own flavour of the area which no one else has been able to maintain over such a long period .
added to his faithful representation was his own flavour of the area which no one else has been able to [remain/keep] over such a long period .

Do note that there are various local authority schemes to help home-owners maintain their property , though the availability of these grants varies between different areas .
do note that there are various local authority schemes to help home-owners [remain/keep] their property , though the availability of these grants varies between different areas .

By doing this he will become able to maintain control for gradually increasing amounts of time .
by doing this he will become able to [remain/keep] control for gradually increasing amounts of time .

The ideal to aim for is 15 to 20 minutes at the calculated rate every day to maintain heart and lung stamina , and once fitness is achieved , three sessions a week are enough .
the ideal to aim for is 15 to 20 minutes at the calculated rate every day to [remain/keep] heart and lung stamina , and once fitness is achieved , three sessions a week are enough .

For calorie counters , 1,500 to 2,000 calories per day should be enough to maintain correct weight and carry on an active life .
for calorie counters , 1,500 to 2,000 calories per day should be enough to [remain/keep] correct weight and carry on an active life .

Exercise that can help to maintain the elasticity of the vagina are also used to control urinary incontinence and avoid a prolapse — they are the pelvic floor exercises that women are taught to do after childbirth : sit on the lavatory with the thighs parallel to the ground and feet flat on the floor ( or on a book , if necessary ) ; start to pass water , then use the muscles to stop the flow ; release and finish the flow .
exercise that can help to [remain/keep] the elasticity of the vagina are also used to control urinary incontinence and avoid a prolapse — they are the pelvic floor exercises that women are taught to do after childbirth : sit on the lavatory with the thighs parallel to the ground and feet flat on the floor ( or on a book , if necessary ) ; start to pass water , then use the muscles to stop the flow ; release and finish the flow .

There are no formal ties between the national clearinghouses but they maintain regular contact , and exchange information , newsletters and materials .
there are no formal ties between the national clearinghouses but they [remain/keep] regular contact , and exchange information , newsletters and materials .

However , clinical and research experience has convinced us that if therapists maintain a problem-orientated approach as central to their work this enables them to keep their interventions focused on the most important issues for each patient .
however , clinical and research experience has convinced us that if therapists [remain/keep] a problem-orientated approach as central to their work this enables them to keep their interventions focused on the most important issues for each patient .

In effect each rider lifts his own body weight , plus the weight of his bike , all these thousands of metres , while trying to maintain the highest pace and also to outwit his rivals .
in effect each rider lifts his own body weight , plus the weight of his bike , all these thousands of metres , while trying to [remain/keep] the highest pace and also to outwit his rivals .

However physically or mentally frail a resident is , you should help them maintain the maximum amount of independence possible .
however physically or mentally frail a resident is , you should help them [remain/keep] the maximum amount of independence possible .

In our daily lives , many of our systems act together to maintain health and activity .
in our daily lives , many of our systems act together to [remain/keep] health and activity .

Helping to maintain dignity
helping to [remain/keep] dignity

Thus , if a majority of people commit criminal actions it becomes somewhat dubious to maintain a distinction between criminal and non-criminal , in terms of personal characteristics .
thus , if a majority of people commit criminal actions it becomes somewhat dubious to [remain/keep] a distinction between criminal and non-criminal , in terms of personal characteristics .

Also , due in part to increasing media attention , delinquent-prone youths who are more interested in fighting than football see the terrace ‘ ends ’ as places to maintain and improve tough reputations .
also , due in part to increasing media attention , delinquent-prone youths who are more interested in fighting than football see the terrace ‘ ends ’ as places to [remain/keep] and improve tough reputations .

In practice this distinction was almost impossible to maintain , especially as the exchanges and the education employment committees often failed to provide each other with the necessary information .
in practice this distinction was almost impossible to [remain/keep] , especially as the exchanges and the education employment committees often failed to provide each other with the necessary information .

Secondly , banks must maintain an adequate degree of liquidity , i.e .
secondly , banks must [remain/keep] an adequate degree of liquidity , i.e .

However , it must maintain adequate liquid assets in order to retain the public 's confidence that deposits , i.e .
however , it must [remain/keep] adequate liquid assets in order to retain the public 's confidence that deposits , i.e .

Banks can also maintain on befall of a corporation its share register in which the names , addresses and holdings of shareholders are recorded .
banks can also [remain/keep] on befall of a corporation its share register in which the names , addresses and holdings of shareholders are recorded .

Bank liabilities are different from other financial intermediaries ' liabilities in that they form part of a nation 's money supply whilst these other institutions must maintain accounts with banks .
bank liabilities are different from other financial intermediaries ' liabilities in that they form part of a nation 's money supply whilst these other institutions must [remain/keep] accounts with banks .

Also , most lenders desire to reduce risk and maintain maximum liquidity .
also , most lenders desire to reduce risk and [remain/keep] maximum liquidity .

The era of rising global prosperity is generally associated with most industrial nations pursuing active economic management policies — manipulating tax rates and public expenditure — to maintain full employment , economic growth and price stability .
the era of rising global prosperity is generally associated with most industrial nations pursuing active economic management policies — manipulating tax rates and public expenditure — to [remain/keep] full employment , economic growth and price stability .

All banks involved in international finance maintain deposit balances in foreign currencies with banks overseas .
all banks involved in international finance [remain/keep] deposit balances in foreign currencies with banks overseas .

However , large French banks still maintain an overseas presence in many of France 's former colonial possessions .
however , large french banks still [remain/keep] an overseas presence in many of france 's former colonial possessions .

Many of them maintain a fixed parity between their own currencies and the French franc .
many of them [remain/keep] a fixed parity between their own currencies and the french franc .

No restrictions must exist on non-resident transfers and banks require freedom to maintain and transfer nostro demand deposits .
no restrictions must exist on non-resident transfers and banks require freedom to [remain/keep] and transfer nostro demand deposits .

If a country is prone to high inflation then its currency will have to be devalued at regular intervals to maintain the price competitiveness of its exports .
if a country is prone to high inflation then its currency will have to be devalued at regular intervals to [remain/keep] the price competitiveness of its exports .

In-house libraries None of the companies maintain an in-house library in central head office .
in-house libraries none of the companies [remain/keep] an in-house library in central head office .

Four out of the six do maintain at least one library in a business division .
four out of the six do [remain/keep] at least one library in a business division .

We have been trying to focus in this study on those people within the enterprise who are in a position to effect strategic change ( or to maintain the status quo in the face of destabilising influences ) .
we have been trying to focus in this study on those people within the enterprise who are in a position to effect strategic change ( or to [remain/keep] the status quo in the face of destabilising influences ) .

These provincial centres , set up at different periods in the past , vary in the sizes of the archives they maintain .
these provincial centres , set up at different periods in the past , vary in the sizes of the archives they [remain/keep] .

Aid has also allowed the government to maintain a minimum of services and infrastructure .
aid has also allowed the government to [remain/keep] a minimum of services and infrastructure .

But shouting murder at those who are trying their best to maintain quality of life from another standpoint is neither appropriate , nor likely to produce a healthy outcome for society .
but shouting murder at those who are trying their best to [remain/keep] quality of life from another standpoint is neither appropriate , nor likely to produce a healthy outcome for society .

They have a high mark to shoot at and a long tradition to maintain .
they have a high mark to shoot at and a long tradition to [remain/keep] .

If you analyse episodes of persistent disobedience in before-and-after sequences , you will gain an understanding of some of the significant influences which trigger and maintain unhappy disciplinary confrontations with your child .
if you analyse episodes of persistent disobedience in before-and-after sequences , you will gain an understanding of some of the significant influences which trigger and [remain/keep] unhappy disciplinary confrontations with your child .

The aim is to help maintain a steady and adequate supply of material to the construction industry at the ‘ best balance ’ of social , economic and environmental cost .
the aim is to help [remain/keep] a steady and adequate supply of material to the construction industry at the ‘ best balance ’ of social , economic and environmental cost .

It argues that new housing is essential to boost labour mobility and maintain economic growth in areas where spiralling house prices are beginning to act as a disincentive to development .
it argues that new housing is essential to boost labour mobility and [remain/keep] economic growth in areas where spiralling house prices are beginning to act as a disincentive to development .

In order to maintain living standards , marginal land was brought into cultivation causing disruption of the traditional interplay between cultivators and nomadic herders ; the former provided millet and sorghum as staple crops which they exchanged for animal products and the benefits of having their lands fertilised by animal herds .
in order to [remain/keep] living standards , marginal land was brought into cultivation causing disruption of the traditional interplay between cultivators and nomadic herders ; the former provided millet and sorghum as staple crops which they exchanged for animal products and the benefits of having their lands fertilised by animal herds .

This , Clarke and Morrison believe , is a response to the need to increase employment and to maintain standards of living .
this , clarke and morrison believe , is a response to the need to increase employment and to [remain/keep] standards of living .

Moreover , the system of land tenure , wherein the land belongs to the indigenous Fijians and can only be leased to Indo-Fijians ( the descendants of indentured cane workers who were drafted in from India in the early colonial period ) militates against conservation measures because it ensures the political dominance of the former ; and the encouragement of production ensures that such land is seen to be in use , an artefact to maintain internal stability .
moreover , the system of land tenure , wherein the land belongs to the indigenous fijians and can only be leased to indo-fijians ( the descendants of indentured cane workers who were drafted in from india in the early colonial period ) militates against conservation measures because it ensures the political dominance of the former ; and the encouragement of production ensures that such land is seen to be in use , an artefact to [remain/keep] internal stability .

The litter component will also help to maintain nutrient status which can also be manipulated if careful thought is given to the mixture of species ( both tree and crop ) to be grown in juxtaposition .
the litter component will also help to [remain/keep] nutrient status which can also be manipulated if careful thought is given to the mixture of species ( both tree and crop ) to be grown in juxtaposition .

It is characteristic of both plant and animal cells ; in the latter totipotency is lost at an early stage in embryonic development but in plants all cells maintain this ability throughout the life span of the individual .
it is characteristic of both plant and animal cells ; in the latter totipotency is lost at an early stage in embryonic development but in plants all cells [remain/keep] this ability throughout the life span of the individual .

In order to maintain health , both personal and public , much energy has to be directed at maintaining an external environment which is as safe as possible , not only for the present but for future generations to inherit .
in order to [remain/keep] health , both personal and public , much energy has to be directed at maintaining an external environment which is as safe as possible , not only for the present but for future generations to inherit .

Where workers make sharp equipment , or use machines with cutting edges and moving parts , use of adequate guarding is essential to maintain safety in their environment .
where workers make sharp equipment , or use machines with cutting edges and moving parts , use of adequate guarding is essential to [remain/keep] safety in their environment .

Safe road surfaces , adequate street lighting and sign posting , compulsory driving tests , road use regulations , compulsory speed limits and minimum mechanical safety standards for vehicles are all examples of measures taken by national governments to maintain a safe environment on the roads and to prevent accidents .
safe road surfaces , adequate street lighting and sign posting , compulsory driving tests , road use regulations , compulsory speed limits and minimum mechanical safety standards for vehicles are all examples of measures taken by national governments to [remain/keep] a safe environment on the roads and to prevent accidents .

Obviously knowledge as well as self-discipline is necessary to prevent accidents and maintain a safe environment .
obviously knowledge as well as self-discipline is necessary to prevent accidents and [remain/keep] a safe environment .

Apart from specific anatomical and physiological disabilities which may make it less easy for the individual to maintain safety , there are many external agents in the environment which can cause injury and disease .
apart from specific anatomical and physiological disabilities which may make it less easy for the individual to [remain/keep] safety , there are many external agents in the environment which can cause injury and disease .

However , when the control is disturbed and the lumen of many arterioles are simultaneously vasodilated , the volume of blood is insufficient to maintain effective circulation and there is some degree of shock .
however , when the control is disturbed and the lumen of many arterioles are simultaneously vasodilated , the volume of blood is insufficient to [remain/keep] effective circulation and there is some degree of shock .

When the patient is not capable , then the nurse is responsible for operating the mechanism to maintain the patient 's safety .
when the patient is not capable , then the nurse is responsible for operating the mechanism to [remain/keep] the patient 's safety .

For many of them , their inability to maintain a safe environment is only temporary , but for others it may be permanent .
for many of them , their inability to [remain/keep] a safe environment is only temporary , but for others it may be permanent .

Recent anaesthesia and certain medications can cause patients to feel dizzy and unable to maintain their balance .
recent anaesthesia and certain medications can cause patients to feel dizzy and unable to [remain/keep] their balance .

One can get some idea about what it means to try to maintain safety by blindfolding even one eye and noting the several changed perspectives .
one can get some idea about what it means to try to [remain/keep] safety by blindfolding even one eye and noting the several changed perspectives .

The eyes can be particularly revealing , and people vary in the amount of eye contact they make and maintain while communicating .
the eyes can be particularly revealing , and people vary in the amount of eye contact they make and [remain/keep] while communicating .

One main purpose of communicating is to establish and maintain human relationships .
one main purpose of communicating is to establish and [remain/keep] human relationships .

There are culturally determined practices related to eye contact , for example certain aborigines , to be polite , do not look into each other 's eyes as they talk , whereas in the Western world it is polite to maintain eye contact during conversation .
there are culturally determined practices related to eye contact , for example certain aborigines , to be polite , do not look into each other 's eyes as they talk , whereas in the western world it is polite to [remain/keep] eye contact during conversation .

The availability of telephone , radio and television is often dependent however on services provided by government , so politicoeconomic decisions are involved and some would even maintain that the mass media provide opportunities for political pressure , and for communicating in the form of propaganda .
the availability of telephone , radio and television is often dependent however on services provided by government , so politicoeconomic decisions are involved and some would even [remain/keep] that the mass media provide opportunities for political pressure , and for communicating in the form of propaganda .

Every nurse needs to develop psychological and social skills as well as manual skills in order to maintain an effective nurse/patient relationship while the patient requires it ; and these skills are also required to relinquish the relationship when appropriate .
every nurse needs to develop psychological and social skills as well as manual skills in order to [remain/keep] an effective nurse/patient relationship while the patient requires it ; and these skills are also required to relinquish the relationship when appropriate .

Is it not likely that the healing powers are continually trying to maintain order in the system but once the external stresses reach a certain level this can no longer be done ‘ passively ’ but the very attempt to keep a balance produces outward signs which we generally find uncomfortable and so call disease ; which is literally a lack of ease or disease .
is it not likely that the healing powers are continually trying to [remain/keep] order in the system but once the external stresses reach a certain level this can no longer be done ‘ passively ’ but the very attempt to keep a balance produces outward signs which we generally find uncomfortable and so call disease ; which is literally a lack of ease or disease .

Quite simply , these are times when there is more healing to be done , more effort is required by the natural healing powers to maintain order or to put it slightly differently , it is no longer possible for a balance and harmony to be sustained without the production of symptoms of disease .
quite simply , these are times when there is more healing to be done , more effort is required by the natural healing powers to [remain/keep] order or to put it slightly differently , it is no longer possible for a balance and harmony to be sustained without the production of symptoms of disease .

Since there is an intelligent system at work in each person it follows that if discomfort or dysfunction is necessary in order to maintain harmony within the system as a whole then the disease will manifest in the least important parts possible thus preserving the higher functions of the person for as long as possible .
since there is an intelligent system at work in each person it follows that if discomfort or dysfunction is necessary in order to [remain/keep] harmony within the system as a whole then the disease will manifest in the least important parts possible thus preserving the higher functions of the person for as long as possible .

This is called plussing and it slightly alters the potency of the remedy in the glass which helps to maintain its effectiveness .
this is called plussing and it slightly alters the potency of the remedy in the glass which helps to [remain/keep] its effectiveness .

Under these conditions , heredity and environment act in concert to maintain the child ’ s fear , increasing the likelihood that it will translate into long-term adjustment diculties , such as excessive cautiousness , social withdrawal , loneliness , and ( by school age ) overwhelming anxiety in the face of academic challenges .
under these conditions , heredity and environment act in concert to [remain/keep] the child ’ s fear , increasing the likelihood that it will translate into long-term adjustment diculties , such as excessive cautiousness , social withdrawal , loneliness , and ( by school age ) overwhelming anxiety in the face of academic challenges .

Mothers who maintain high levels of it during play have infants who comprehend more language , produce meaningful gestures and words earlier , and show faster vocabulary development between 1 and 2 years of age .
mothers who [remain/keep] high levels of it during play have infants who comprehend more language , produce meaningful gestures and words earlier , and show faster vocabulary development between 1 and 2 years of age .

They had to pay decent wages and maintain decent conditions , but they also had to compete with the fly-by-nights and chiselers .
they had to pay decent wages and [remain/keep] decent conditions , but they also had to compete with the fly-by-nights and chiselers .

Casual clothing is not only less expensive to purchase and maintain but also requires less labor to assemble .
casual clothing is not only less expensive to purchase and [remain/keep] but also requires less labor to assemble .

Meanwhile , the company sought to maintain the strengths of its divisions—Macy ’ s and Bloomingdale ’ s , in particular—in merchandising .
meanwhile , the company sought to [remain/keep] the strengths of its divisions—macy ’ s and bloomingdale ’ s , in particular—in merchandising .

Compared heroically to Joaquín Murrieta , Tiburcio Vásquez is regarded as a proud man who resisted social domination and fought to maintain and preserve his culture .
compared heroically to joaquín murrieta , tiburcio vásquez is regarded as a proud man who resisted social domination and fought to [remain/keep] and preserve his culture .

This college was still in existence in the year 2000 and has struggled to maintain a curriculum that meets the needs of both Indian and Chicano students .
this college was still in existence in the year 2000 and has struggled to [remain/keep] a curriculum that meets the needs of both indian and chicano students .

Much of the research on Quinceañeras shows that families want to maintain a cultural historical tradition , and the celebration of a daughter ’ s fifteenth birthday is a means of continuing cultural ties to a Latino heritage .
much of the research on quinceañeras shows that families want to [remain/keep] a cultural historical tradition , and the celebration of a daughter ’ s fifteenth birthday is a means of continuing cultural ties to a latino heritage .

Perhaps this sleight-of-hand was necessary to maintain equality among the states .
perhaps this sleight-of-hand was necessary to [remain/keep] equality among the states .

From Gettysburg to Appomattox , Lincoln will maintain a political policy of charity and reconciliation , coupled with a military posture that would leave no doubts about the right in the minds of the defeated .
from gettysburg to appomattox , lincoln will [remain/keep] a political policy of charity and reconciliation , coupled with a military posture that would leave no doubts about the right in the minds of the defeated .

The U.S. government has sought to maintain the religious sensibility that brought forth the Declaration of Independence but was abandoned in the secular Constitution of 1787 .
the u.s. government has sought to [remain/keep] the religious sensibility that brought forth the declaration of independence but was abandoned in the secular constitution of 1787 .

He is able to maintain the proper balance between his own interests and those of others .
he is able to [remain/keep] the proper balance between his own interests and those of others .

Such a system might blindly try out variant patterns of synthesis until it could establish a self-sustaining web linking the carbohydrates , the enzymes , and certain protein receptors mediating the linkage between unconditioned and conditioned stimulus , then maintain that linkage by positive feedback loops .
such a system might blindly try out variant patterns of synthesis until it could establish a self-sustaining web linking the carbohydrates , the enzymes , and certain protein receptors mediating the linkage between unconditioned and conditioned stimulus , then [remain/keep] that linkage by positive feedback loops .

Near , yet worlds apart , the two sides maintain their separate identities : the Dutch side , despite such hold-outs as thin cigars , gin , and Indonesian rijstafel , has begun to resemble an American beachhead , after years of landings by hordes of cruise-ship shoppers .
near , yet worlds apart , the two sides [remain/keep] their separate identities : the dutch side , despite such hold-outs as thin cigars , gin , and indonesian rijstafel , has begun to resemble an american beachhead , after years of landings by hordes of cruise-ship shoppers .

They still maintain their own individual charms and are certainly an important element in Edinburgh ’ s continuing appeal .
they still [remain/keep] their own individual charms and are certainly an important element in edinburgh ’ s continuing appeal .

Membership imposes an obligation to maintain standards of both quality and service , and provides dissatisfied customers with an officially recognized channel for redressing complaints ; the number to call is Tel .
membership imposes an obligation to [remain/keep] standards of both quality and service , and provides dissatisfied customers with an officially recognized channel for redressing complaints ; the number to call is tel .

Its construction was almost completed in a mere 44 years in the middle of the 13th century ; as a result it was possible to maintain a homogeneous architectural style .
its construction was almost completed in a mere 44 years in the middle of the 13th century ; as a result it was possible to [remain/keep] a homogeneous architectural style .

Tropical ceiling fans and mosquito nets maintain the traditional feel .
tropical ceiling fans and mosquito nets [remain/keep] the traditional feel .

Article 9 renounced Japan ’ s right to maintain armed forces , although the ambiguous wording was later taken to permit the creati on of a “ self-defense ” force .
article 9 renounced japan ’ s right to [remain/keep] armed forces , although the ambiguous wording was later taken to permit the creati on of a “ self-defense ” force .

Historically resistant to many of the major changes in the rest of Malaysia , the region has been able to maintain is authentic Malay culture and Islamic traditions .
historically resistant to many of the major changes in the rest of malaysia , the region has been able to [remain/keep] is authentic malay culture and islamic traditions .

Pulau Selingaan has three fully-furnished chalets where up to 20 people can stay , from which you can maintain your overnight vigil ( see page 101 ) .
pulau selingaan has three fully-furnished chalets where up to 20 people can stay , from which you can [remain/keep] your overnight vigil ( see page 101 ) .

Within the town itself , the city government has strict guidelines that ensure the architectural integrity of Vallarta , and in recent years has implemented a successful campaign to maintain the cleanliness of the town .
within the town itself , the city government has strict guidelines that ensure the architectural integrity of vallarta , and in recent years has implemented a successful campaign to [remain/keep] the cleanliness of the town .

The island ’ s small beaches have managed to maintain their natural beauty , despite the throngs of visitors that land daily .
the island ’ s small beaches have managed to [remain/keep] their natural beauty , despite the throngs of visitors that land daily .

In Germany major theaters often maintain several productions in repertory , so that in any one week you will be able to see the same troupe perform contemporary or classical drama .
in germany major theaters often [remain/keep] several productions in repertory , so that in any one week you will be able to see the same troupe perform contemporary or classical drama .

In the Tiergarten , meanwhile , joggers and roller skaters maintain a relationship of mutual disrespect .
in the tiergarten , meanwhile , joggers and roller skaters [remain/keep] a relationship of mutual disrespect .

Papandréou espoused the desires of a post-war generation to maintain peace and stability , and to secure a better future for their children .
papandréou espoused the desires of a post-war generation to [remain/keep] peace and stability , and to secure a better future for their children .

Most international hotels maintain full-service fitness centers with exercise machines , saunas , indoor swimming pools , and other facilities such as tennis courts , with day rates for non-guests .
most international hotels [remain/keep] full-service fitness centers with exercise machines , saunas , indoor swimming pools , and other facilities such as tennis courts , with day rates for non-guests .

The national tourist office is also helpful , but in Canada the provinces jealously protect their prerogatives against the federal government , and maintain their own tourist offices that can give you detailed information about resorts , accommodations , camping , and sports facilities .
the national tourist office is also helpful , but in canada the provinces jealously protect their prerogatives against the federal government , and [remain/keep] their own tourist offices that can give you detailed information about resorts , accommodations , camping , and sports facilities .

The saint ’ s church was pockmarked by Italian bombs during the Civil War , though others maintain that firing squads performed executions here .
the saint ’ s church was pockmarked by italian bombs during the civil war , though others [remain/keep] that firing squads performed executions here .

Visitors maintain a respectful silence and are quickly ushered through to a gift shop at the back .
visitors [remain/keep] a respectful silence and are quickly ushered through to a gift shop at the back .

Chief Judge Robert M. Bell said his budget request is intended `` to maintain the same level of services that we have had in the last several years in terms of access to justice '' for the needy .
chief judge robert m. bell said his budget request is intended `` to [remain/keep] the same level of services that we have had in the last several years in terms of access to justice '' for the needy .

Ray Christensen , executive vice president of the Colorado Farm Bureau , said growers on the state 's 20,000 farms consider pesticide safety important for themselves and their employees , in part because they want to maintain a productive workforce and avoid liability .
ray christensen , executive vice president of the colorado farm bureau , said growers on the state 's 20,000 farms consider pesticide safety important for themselves and their employees , in part because they want to [remain/keep] a productive workforce and avoid liability .

The hope is that young people will come to understand that we can maintain the freedoms that are rooted in our nation 's very soul while ensuring the safety of our citizens .
the hope is that young people will come to understand that we can [remain/keep] the freedoms that are rooted in our nation 's very soul while ensuring the safety of our citizens .

A major Web site dedicated to pro bono , called ProBono.net , is seeking firm to mount and maintain pages within its site dedicated to particular issues .
a major web site dedicated to pro bono , called probono.net , is seeking firm to mount and [remain/keep] pages within its site dedicated to particular issues .

The Illinois Technology Center for Law & the Public Interest launched two new Web sites Tuesday that will allow the state 's legal services agencies to swap training information , to maintain individual listings of services and volunteer opportunities and to schedule events on an electronic calendar .
the illinois technology center for law & the public interest launched two new web sites tuesday that will allow the state 's legal services agencies to swap training information , to [remain/keep] individual listings of services and volunteer opportunities and to schedule events on an electronic calendar .

The agency has a $ 38.5 million annual budget that comes mainly from state appropriations and the interest from the trust accounts lawyers maintain for their clients ' funds .
the agency has a $ 38.5 million annual budget that comes mainly from state appropriations and the interest from the trust accounts lawyers [remain/keep] for their clients ' funds .

The $ 175,000 requested would have allowed the legal aid groups to maintain a skeleton staff to continue providing help beyond emergency protective orders for victims , completing existing cases and offering services in limited cases .
the $ 175,000 requested would have allowed the legal aid groups to [remain/keep] a skeleton staff to continue providing help beyond emergency protective orders for victims , completing existing cases and offering services in limited cases .

The city started the rental inspection program in 1994 in an attempt to crack down on property owners who fail to maintain their homes , whether split into apartments or rented as a single-family residence .
the city started the rental inspection program in 1994 in an attempt to crack down on property owners who fail to [remain/keep] their homes , whether split into apartments or rented as a single-family residence .

In the pending difficult economic times , when the rush to refinance has passed , will these accounts maintain their $ 1.5 billion average daily balance ?
in the pending difficult economic times , when the rush to refinance has passed , will these accounts [remain/keep] their $ 1.5 billion average daily balance ?

The local bar said it would maintain the building for `` legal services to indigent residents of Charleston County and coastal South Carolina , '' the records said .
the local bar said it would [remain/keep] the building for `` legal services to indigent residents of charleston county and coastal south carolina , '' the records said .

Organizations that provide free or `` pro bono '' services are able to maintain a better lawyer-to-client ratio because they often specialize in particular kinds of cases , Hall said .
organizations that provide free or `` pro bono '' services are able to [remain/keep] a better lawyer-to-client ratio because they often specialize in particular kinds of cases , hall said .

In a copy of her essay for the Columbia Law Review , Dean Glen suggests that students opting for public service could help fill what Chief Judge Kaye and others have championed in the wake of Sept. 11 : the need to maintain the historic outpouring of volunteer lawyering , and increase the spirit of volunteerism .
in a copy of her essay for the columbia law review , dean glen suggests that students opting for public service could help fill what chief judge kaye and others have championed in the wake of sept. 11 : the need to [remain/keep] the historic outpouring of volunteer lawyering , and increase the spirit of volunteerism .

The issues I 've dealt with through the years have been on the side of helping people maintain the basics of life - home , healt h care , jobs and family . ''
the issues i 've dealt with through the years have been on the side of helping people [remain/keep] the basics of life - home , healt h care , jobs and family . ''

The East Wenatchee City Council has entered into an Interlocal Agreement with the Wenatchee Housing Authority authorizing the Authority to purchase and maintain the Mobile Park Plaza mobile home park .
the east wenatchee city council has entered into an interlocal agreement with the wenatchee housing authority authorizing the authority to purchase and [remain/keep] the mobile park plaza mobile home park .

Rehfeld , reached yesterday between emergency runs caused by the heavy snowfall , said critically injured firefighters and rescue workers often must hire others , such as plumbers and yard workers , to help maintain their homes during periods of convalescence .
rehfeld , reached yesterday between emergency runs caused by the heavy snowfall , said critically injured firefighters and rescue workers often must hire others , such as plumbers and yard workers , to help [remain/keep] their homes during periods of convalescence .

However , states are free to maintain their own insurance codes .
however , states are free to [remain/keep] their own insurance codes .

At the same time , the need for speed to get the new department up and running must be balanced with the need to maintain readiness for new and existing threats during the transition period .
at the same time , the need for speed to get the new department up and running must be balanced with the need to [remain/keep] readiness for new and existing threats during the transition period .

Moreover , we should expect that any reorganization would incur start up costs as well as require some funding for redundant activities to maintain continuity of effort during the transition period .
moreover , we should expect that any reorganization would incur start up costs as well as require some funding for redundant activities to [remain/keep] continuity of effort during the transition period .

BLM incorporated performance elements in senior executives ' individual performance plans for the rating year ending June 2000 that were structured around its strategic goals to ( 1 ) `` Restore and Maintain the Health of the Land , '' ( 2 ) `` Serve Current and Future Publics , '' and ( 3 ) `` Improve Organizational Effectiveness . ''
blm incorporated performance elements in senior executives ' individual performance plans for the rating year ending june 2000 that were structured around its strategic goals to ( 1 ) `` restore and [remain/keep] the health of the land , '' ( 2 ) `` serve current and future publics , '' and ( 3 ) `` improve organizational effectiveness . ''

To contribute to its strategic goal to restore and maintain the health of the land , BLM set an expectation for senior executives to understand and plan for the condition and use of public lands .
to contribute to its strategic goal to restore and [remain/keep] the health of the land , blm set an expectation for senior executives to understand and plan for the condition and use of public lands .

To meet BLM 's expectation to establish cooperative and constructive relationships that facilitate input from a range of stakeholders , the senior executive who heads the Montana state office set an expectation to expand partnerships and maintain close working relationships with national interest groups in his individual plan for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle .
to meet blm 's expectation to establish cooperative and constructive relationships that facilitate input from a range of stakeholders , the senior executive who heads the montana state office set an expectation to expand partnerships and [remain/keep] close working relationships with national interest groups in his individual plan for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle .

To meet BLM 's expectation for senior executives to help attract and retain well-qualified employees , the senior executive who heads BLM 's Nevada state office set a performance expectation for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle to maintain a trained and motivated workforce .
to meet blm 's expectation for senior executives to help attract and retain well-qualified employees , the senior executive who heads blm 's nevada state office set a performance expectation for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle to [remain/keep] a trained and motivated workforce .

Restore and maintain the health of the land : Understand and plan for the condition and use of the public lands by conducting assessments and completing land use plan evaluations ; restore at-risk resources and maintain functioning systems , particularly riparian areas and watersheds ; incorporate management land health standards into decisions and plans ; implement the National Fire Plan ; and emphasize resource protection by assuring that work commitments for monitoring and inspection are met , appropriate enforcement actions are taken , and results are recorded .
restore and [remain/keep] the health of the land : understand and plan for the condition and use of the public lands by conducting assessments and completing land use plan evaluations ; restore at-risk resources and [remain/keep] functioning systems , particularly riparian areas and watersheds ; incorporate management land health standards into decisions and plans ; implement the national fire plan ; and emphasize resource protection by assuring that work commitments for monitoring and inspection are met , appropriate enforcement actions are taken , and results are recorded .

Improve human resources management and quality of worklife : Develop a strategy to provide for a needed workforce by developing and implementing a response to the workforce plan ; maintain a trained and motivated workforce by implementing plans and strategies to improve the satisfaction of BLM employees by assuring each employee has a current Appendix II BLM 's Senior Executive Performance Plans position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan , and providing appropriate training for employees at all levels ; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed ; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender , race , and other factors ; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity .
improve human resources management and quality of worklife : develop a strategy to provide for a needed workforce by developing and implementing a response to the workforce plan ; [remain/keep] a trained and motivated workforce by implementing plans and strategies to improve the satisfaction of blm employees by assuring each employee has a current appendix ii blm 's senior executive performance plans position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan , and providing appropriate training for employees at all levels ; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed ; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender , race , and other factors ; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity .

Although the SEC has the authority to issue certain accounting/reporting and auditing standards for public companies , it has historically relied to a great extent on certain selfregulatory bodies to help maintain trust and confidence in our nation 's capital markets .
although the sec has the authority to issue certain accounting/reporting and auditing standards for public companies , it has historically relied to a great extent on certain selfregulatory bodies to help [remain/keep] trust and confidence in our nation 's capital markets .

In addition , other parties such as the major stock exchanges play a role by imposing various requirements for companies to attain and maintain their listings .
in addition , other parties such as the major stock exchanges play a role by imposing various requirements for companies to attain and [remain/keep] their listings .

One example of this is in connection with what type of non-audit or consulting services that outside audit firms can provide to their audit clients and still maintain their independence .
one example of this is in connection with what type of non-audit or consulting services that outside audit firms can provide to their audit clients and still [remain/keep] their independence .

The institute is dedicated to educating business and information technology professionals about the strategies , techniques , and tools required to successfully design , build , and maintain data warehouses .
the institute is dedicated to educating business and information technology professionals about the strategies , techniques , and tools required to successfully design , build , and [remain/keep] data warehouses .

This allows one-stop case resolution , because the revenue officers now maintain complete control of the case through collection of any balance due .
this allows one-stop case resolution , because the revenue officers now [remain/keep] complete control of the case through collection of any balance due .

The Department of Defense , alone , has a vast information infrastructure that includes 2.1 million computers and over 10,000 networks that are used to Page 6 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management exchange electronic messages , obtain data from remote computer sites , and maintain critical records .
the department of defense , alone , has a vast information infrastructure that includes 2.1 million computers and over 10,000 networks that are used to page 6 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management exchange electronic messages , obtain data from remote computer sites , and [remain/keep] critical records .

The Chief Financial Officers Act requires agencies to develop and maintain financial management systems that provide complete , reliable , consistent , and timely information .
the chief financial officers act requires agencies to develop and [remain/keep] financial management systems that provide complete , reliable , consistent , and timely information .

For example , the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels , attempted to maintain a challenging work environment , and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week .
for example , the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels , attempted to [remain/keep] a challenging work environment , and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week .

This belief is consistent with the requirements of the Federal Financial Management Improvement Act of 1996 which states that `` each agency shall implement and maintain financial management systems that comply substantially with Federal financial management systems requirements , applicable Federal accounting standards , and the United States Government Standard General Ledger at the transaction level .
this belief is consistent with the requirements of the federal financial management improvement act of 1996 which states that `` each agency shall implement and [remain/keep] financial management systems that comply substantially with federal financial management systems requirements , applicable federal accounting standards , and the united states government standard general ledger at the transaction level .

For investments that are intended to maintain or increase the economic productive capacity of the Nation , that is , investments in human capital , research and development , and nonfederal physical property , trend data shall be presented .
for investments that are intended to [remain/keep] or increase the economic productive capacity of the nation , that is , investments in human capital , research and development , and nonfederal physical property , trend data shall be presented .

This may be evidenced by the ability ( 1 ) to retire the PP & E and later return it to service or ( 2 ) to continually upgrade the PP & E to maintain its usefulness .
this may be evidenced by the ability ( 1 ) to retire the pp & e and later return it to service or ( 2 ) to continually upgrade the pp & e to [remain/keep] its usefulness .

CHAPTER 6 : HUMAN CAPITAL Human Capital Expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 6 : human capital human capital expenses included in calculating net cost for education and training programs that are intended to increase or [remain/keep] national economic productive capacity shall be reported as investments in human capital as required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

CHAPTER 7 : RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT Research and Development Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .
chapter 7 : research & development research and development expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or [remain/keep] national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the federal government and its component units .

The standards also provide for a period of 5 years to transition to reporting expense data for those agencies that currently maintain only outlay data .
the standards also provide for a period of 5 years to transition to reporting expense data for those agencies that currently [remain/keep] only outlay data .

Some Board members suggested that since some agencies currently maintain only outlay data , requiring that only outlay data be reported might be more practical .
some board members suggested that since some agencies currently [remain/keep] only outlay data , requiring that only outlay data be reported might be more practical .

Various agencies operate and maintain heritage assets .
various agencies operate and [remain/keep] heritage assets .

HUMAN CAPITAL ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Federal investment in human capital comprises those expenses for education and training programs for the general public that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity .
human capital annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z federal investment in human capital comprises those expenses for education and training programs for the general public that are intended to increase or [remain/keep] national economic productive capacity .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30 , 199Z Federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research , applied research , and development that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits .
research and development annual stewardship information for the fiscal year ended september 30 , 199z federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research , applied research , and development that are intended to increase or [remain/keep] national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits .

They also agreed that considerable actions have been taken and/or proposed towards achieving those objectives , but that having the `` right people '' and `` stakeholders '' involved was critical to successfully achieve and effectively maintain the necessary reforms .
they also agreed that considerable actions have been taken and/or proposed towards achieving those objectives , but that having the `` right people '' and `` stakeholders '' involved was critical to successfully achieve and effectively [remain/keep] the necessary reforms .

A strong , viable Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) is needed to maintain investor confidence in the markets .
a strong , viable securities and exchange commission ( sec ) is needed to [remain/keep] investor confidence in the markets .

The rule requires employers to establish and maintain a respiratory protection program and includes requirements for program administration ; worksite-specific procedures ; respirator selection ; employee training ; fit testing ; medical evaluation ; respirator use ; cleaning , maintenance , and repair ; and other provisions .
the rule requires employers to establish and [remain/keep] a respiratory protection program and includes requirements for program administration ; worksite-specific procedures ; respirator selection ; employee training ; fit testing ; medical evaluation ; respirator use ; cleaning , maintenance , and repair ; and other provisions .

They merely provide a mechanism to reduce clerical costs and expedite processing while continuing to meet prompt payment requirements and maintain effective internal control .
they merely provide a mechanism to reduce clerical costs and expedite processing while continuing to meet prompt payment requirements and [remain/keep] effective internal control .

The Federal Financial Management Improvement Act of 1996 requires , among other things , that agencies implement and maintain financial management systems that substantially comply with federal financial management systems requirements .
the federal financial management improvement act of 1996 requires , among other things , that agencies implement and [remain/keep] financial management systems that substantially comply with federal financial management systems requirements .

The Government Paperwork Elimination Act requires OMB to issue guidance to agencies regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use electronic signatures .
the government paperwork elimination act requires omb to issue guidance to agencies regarding automated systems that [remain/keep] electronic information as a substitute for paper and use electronic signatures .

The Federal Financial Management Improvement Act ( FFMIA ) of 1996 requires , among other things , that agencies implement and maintain financial management systems that substantially comply with federal financial management systems requirements .
the federal financial management improvement act ( ffmia ) of 1996 requires , among other things , that agencies implement and [remain/keep] financial management systems that substantially comply with federal financial management systems requirements .

While design engineers bring important skills and experience to creating a product design , they may not be aware of manufacturing issues , available technologies , or manufacturing processes , and they may design a product that the company can not afford to produce or maintain .
while design engineers bring important skills and experience to creating a product design , they may not be aware of manufacturing issues , available technologies , or manufacturing processes , and they may design a product that the company can not afford to produce or [remain/keep] .

Once in production , programs will cut quantities to maintain funding or once fielded , they rely on the operations and maintenance budget to pay for reliability problems not solved in development .
once in production , programs will cut quantities to [remain/keep] funding or once fielded , they rely on the operations and maintenance budget to pay for reliability problems not solved in development .

We agree there may be circumstances , such as in the development of software , when it makes good sense to progress with less than the best practice standard for drawings , but the DOD policy should maintain the requirement to achieve 90 percent drawings by the completion of the system integration phase .
we agree there may be circumstances , such as in the development of software , when it makes good sense to progress with less than the best practice standard for drawings , but the dod policy should [remain/keep] the requirement to achieve 90 percent drawings by the completion of the system integration phase .

I have only requested the funding necessary to properly maintain and support this staffing level and cover mandatory expenses , including inflation and compensation costs .
i have only requested the funding necessary to properly [remain/keep] and support this staffing level and cover mandatory expenses , including inflation and compensation costs .

However , an interim program was instituted between April 4 and October 4 , 1996 , to maintain a basic program until EQIP could begin .
however , an interim program was instituted between april 4 and october 4 , 1996 , to [remain/keep] a basic program until eqip could begin .

Auditors need to maintain integrity and objectivity when doing their work to make decisions that are consistent with the broader public interest in the program or activity under review .
auditors need to [remain/keep] integrity and objectivity when doing their work to make decisions that are consistent with the broader public interest in the program or activity under review .

The audit organization should maintain documentation of the CPE completed .
the audit organization should [remain/keep] documentation of the cpe completed .

Audit organizations should generally maintain their review year from review to review .
audit organizations should generally [remain/keep] their review year from review to review .

AUDIT DOCUMENTATION 7.64 The fourth field work standard for performance audits is : Auditors should prepare and maintain audit documentation .
audit documentation 7.64 the fourth field work standard for performance audits is : auditors should prepare and [remain/keep] audit documentation .

The need to maintain public accountability for government program demands that audit reports be retrievable .
the need to [remain/keep] public accountability for government program demands that audit reports be retrievable .

The Department of Defense , alone , has a vast information infrastructure that includes 2.1 million computers and over 10,000 networks that are used to Page 6 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management exchange electronic messages , obtain data from remote computer sites , and maintain critical records .
the department of defense , alone , has a vast information infrastructure that includes 2.1 million computers and over 10,000 networks that are used to page 6 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management exchange electronic messages , obtain data from remote computer sites , and [remain/keep] critical records .

The Chief Financial Officers Act requires agencies to develop and maintain financial management systems that provide complete , reliable , consistent , and timely information .
the chief financial officers act requires agencies to develop and [remain/keep] financial management systems that provide complete , reliable , consistent , and timely information .

For example , the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels , attempted to maintain a challenging work environment , and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week .
for example , the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels , attempted to [remain/keep] a challenging work environment , and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week .

The International Monetary Fund is a key organization that the United States cooperates with to maintain global economic stability .
the international monetary fund is a key organization that the united states cooperates with to [remain/keep] global economic stability .

The realignment will ensure a continued ability to provide timely , quality work ; will build on efforts to provide broad oversight support ; will enhance client communications and feedback ; and will maintain a highlevel of return on investment .
the realignment will ensure a continued ability to provide timely , quality work ; will build on efforts to provide broad oversight support ; will enhance client communications and feedback ; and will [remain/keep] a highlevel of return on investment .

Our current human capital profile has succession planning , structural , and skills imbalance problems that we need to address if we are to maintain and build our capacity to support the Congress and achieve the goals of our strategic plan in the 21st century .
our current human capital profile has succession planning , structural , and skills imbalance problems that we need to address if we are to [remain/keep] and build our capacity to support the congress and achieve the goals of our strategic plan in the 21st century .

I want to stress that our proposal would maintain the statutory preference for veterans and that we have no intention of deemphasizing our attempts to attain and maintain a highquality and diverse workforce .
i want to stress that our proposal would [remain/keep] the statutory preference for veterans and that we have no intention of deemphasizing our attempts to attain and [remain/keep] a highquality and diverse workforce .

Our realignment is a critical component in improving our communications and outreach with the Congress and ensuring that we continue to maintain and foster ways to help the Congress meet its responsibilities .
our realignment is a critical component in improving our communications and outreach with the congress and ensuring that we continue to [remain/keep] and foster ways to help the congress meet its responsibilities .

These protocols will help GAO to better serve the Congress and improve customer satisfaction , to close `` expectation gaps '' between the Congress and GAO wherever they exist , to ensure equitable treatment of all requesters consistent with the protocols , and to maintain and strengthen GAO 's performance and accountability .
these protocols will help gao to better serve the congress and improve customer satisfaction , to close `` expectation gaps '' between the congress and gao wherever they exist , to ensure equitable treatment of all requesters consistent with the protocols , and to [remain/keep] and strengthen gao 's performance and accountability .

However , we need to maintain and enhance our ability to take greater advantage of modern technology and achieve an integrated infrastructure that supports our client service , strategic planning , human capital , and business process goals and objectives .
however , we need to [remain/keep] and enhance our ability to take greater advantage of modern technology and achieve an integrated infrastructure that supports our client service , strategic planning , human capital , and business process goals and objectives .

It is also extremely important that we maintain and strengthen our capacity to effectively serve the Congress and meet the growing demand level in the future .
it is also extremely important that we [remain/keep] and strengthen our capacity to effectively serve the congress and meet the growing demand level in the future .

To maintain consistency , some organizations did not allow alternate attendees when designated representatives could not attend .
to [remain/keep] consistency , some organizations did not allow alternate attendees when designated representatives could not attend .

In addition , the organizations were concerned about appropriately securing the information being shared to maintain member anonymity , when desired , and avoid inappropriately disseminating sensitive or proprietary information to nonmembers .
in addition , the organizations were concerned about appropriately securing the information being shared to [remain/keep] member anonymity , when desired , and avoid inappropriately disseminating sensitive or proprietary information to nonmembers .

This collaborative effort helped ensure and maintain trust between the organization and the company .
this collaborative effort helped ensure and [remain/keep] trust between the organization and the company .

Obtaining Adequate Funding Developing and Retaining the Membership Base Most of the organizations said that they had to work to overcome the challenge of maintaining their memberships ' enthusiasm and participation so that members would use the communication mechanisms , maintain confidentiality , and continue to share relevant information .
obtaining adequate funding developing and retaining the membership base most of the organizations said that they had to work to overcome the challenge of maintaining their memberships ' enthusiasm and participation so that members would use the communication mechanisms , [remain/keep] confidentiality , and continue to share relevant information .

In addition , one of the organizations used contractors to maintain its communications mechanisms and analyze reported incidents .
in addition , one of the organizations used contractors to [remain/keep] its communications mechanisms and analyze reported incidents .

I-4 forums are held three times a year , allowing representatives from all 75 I-4 member companies an opportunity to establish and maintain personal contacts , make formal presentations with Appendix II The 11 Organizations That Participated in GAO 's Study of Information Sharing follow-on discussions , and hold informal discussions about information protection and risk-management issues .
i-4 forums are held three times a year , allowing representatives from all 75 i-4 member companies an opportunity to establish and [remain/keep] personal contacts , make formal presentations with appendix ii the 11 organizations that participated in gao 's study of information sharing follow-on discussions , and hold informal discussions about information protection and risk-management issues .

RELIANCE ON INTERNAL CONTROLS IN A T & A SYSTEM As T & A systems evolve toward increasingly automated methods of recording and reporting employee work and leave times , it is important to implement and maintain a welldefined system that provides management with the confidence that controls are working as designed .
reliance on internal controls in a t & a system as t & a systems evolve toward increasingly automated methods of recording and reporting employee work and leave times , it is important to implement and [remain/keep] a welldefined system that provides management with the confidence that controls are working as designed .

Agencies may maintain these cumulative balances on biweekly or pay period T & A records which show the available balances for the pay period ending .
agencies may [remain/keep] these cumulative balances on biweekly or pay period t & a records which show the available balances for the pay period ending .

GPEA requires agencies to comply with the guidance issued by OMB regarding automated systems that maintain electronic information as a substitute for paper and use of electronic signatures .
gpea requires agencies to comply with the guidance issued by omb regarding automated systems that [remain/keep] electronic information as a substitute for paper and use of electronic signatures .

For example , the Government Paperwork Elimination Act requires OMB to ensure that federal agencies , `` when practicable , '' allow individuals and other entities the option to submit information to the agency electronically and maintain records electronically by October 21 , 2003 .
for example , the government paperwork elimination act requires omb to ensure that federal agencies , `` when practicable , '' allow individuals and other entities the option to submit information to the agency electronically and [remain/keep] records electronically by october 21 , 2003 .

While we remain sensitive of the need to maintain our institutional independence , we are working constructively with OPM , OMB , and others to explore opportunities to develop a more fully integrated set of guidance and tools for agencies to address their human capital challenges.15 In addition to providing tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .
while we remain sensitive of the need to [remain/keep] our institutional independence , we are working constructively with opm , omb , and others to explore opportunities to develop a more fully integrated set of guidance and tools for agencies to address their human capital challenges.15 in addition to providing tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .

All personnel need to possess and maintain a level of competence that allows them to accomplish their assigned duties , as well as understand the importance of developing and implementing good internal control .
all personnel need to possess and [remain/keep] a level of competence that allows them to accomplish their assigned duties , as well as understand the importance of developing and implementing good internal control .

Transactions should be promptly recorded to maintain their relevance and value to management in controlling operations and making decisions .
transactions should be promptly recorded to [remain/keep] their relevance and value to management in controlling operations and making decisions .

Finally , since the final rule is designed to harmonize with the international standards , device manufacturers will not have to maintain two different quality systems to compete both nationally and internationally .
finally , since the final rule is designed to harmonize with the international standards , device manufacturers will not have to [remain/keep] two different quality systems to compete both nationally and internationally .

FFC 's study discusses the results of a questionnaire survey of nine federal agencies that acquire , maintain , and operate a significant inventory of buildings and other constructed facilities in supporting their mission.2 Questionnaires were answered by agency headquarters senior facilities engineering program directors and fieldactivitylevel project managers .
ffc 's study discusses the results of a questionnaire survey of nine federal agencies that acquire , [remain/keep] , and operate a significant inventory of buildings and other constructed facilities in supporting their mission.2 questionnaires were answered by agency headquarters senior facilities engineering program directors and fieldactivitylevel project managers .

Throughout this process , owners usually maintain some level of design oversight to ensure that the acquired facility is an acceptable balance of cost , schedule , quality , and performance .
throughout this process , owners usually [remain/keep] some level of design oversight to ensure that the acquired facility is an acceptable balance of cost , schedule , quality , and performance .

Lifecycle engineering Does the design represent the most effective balance of cost to construct , cost to start up , cost to operate and maintain , and ( perhaps most important ) the user 's cost to perform the intended function for which the facility is being acquired over the useful life of the facility ?
lifecycle engineering does the design represent the most effective balance of cost to construct , cost to start up , cost to operate and [remain/keep] , and ( perhaps most important ) the user 's cost to perform the intended function for which the facility is being acquired over the useful life of the facility ?

The majority of the responding agencies maintain multiple regional project execution offices .
the majority of the responding agencies [remain/keep] multiple regional project execution offices .

As of August 1999 , only DOS and ANG have been able to maintain a relatively stable situation with regard to staff size .
as of august 1999 , only dos and ang have been able to [remain/keep] a relatively stable situation with regard to staff size .

The least cited reason was to maintain inhouse core competencies .
the least cited reason was to [remain/keep] inhouse core competencies .

Keep up the pace to maintain momentum and keep the facility acquisition process on schedule .
keep up the pace to [remain/keep] momentum and keep the facility acquisition process on schedule .

While GAO 's primary client is the Congress , we seek to maintain constructive working relationships with the executive branch ; conduct our work in a professional , objective , and nonpartisan manner ; and help improve government .
while gao 's primary client is the congress , we seek to [remain/keep] constructive working relationships with the executive branch ; conduct our work in a professional , objective , and nonpartisan manner ; and help improve government .

Agencies also have a responsibility to monitor and maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations .
agencies also have a responsibility to monitor and [remain/keep] accurate records on the status of recommendations .

Among the requirements included are that the agency ( 1 ) appoint a top-level audit follow-up official , ( 2 ) maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations , and ( 3 ) assign a high priority to following up on audit recommendations .
among the requirements included are that the agency ( 1 ) appoint a top-level audit follow-up official , ( 2 ) [remain/keep] accurate records on the status of recommendations , and ( 3 ) assign a high priority to following up on audit recommendations .

It differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are required to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .
it differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are required to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to [remain/keep] the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .

It is a demanding method , requiring specific skills ( such as fluency in the language of the participants ) and general self-awareness to maintain the fine balance between seeing things as others see them and identifying their perspective wholly with one 's own .
it is a demanding method , requiring specific skills ( such as fluency in the language of the participants ) and general self-awareness to [remain/keep] the fine balance between seeing things as others see them and identifying their perspective wholly with one 's own .

As a result , Social Security benefits must be supplemented by private pensions , accumulated assets , or other resources in order for individuals to maintain a reasonable standard of living in retirement compared to their final working years .
as a result , social security benefits must be supplemented by private pensions , accumulated assets , or other resources in order for individuals to [remain/keep] a reasonable standard of living in retirement compared to their final working years .

Our simulations using a longterm economic growth model show that , even assuming the United States could maintain national saving constant at its 2000 share of GDP , future incomes would fall short of the rise in living standards enjoyed by prior generations whose income generally doubled every 35 years ( see figures 3.4 and 3.5 ) .
our simulations using a longterm economic growth model show that , even assuming the united states could [remain/keep] national saving constant at its 2000 share of gdp , future incomes would fall short of the rise in living standards enjoyed by prior generations whose income generally doubled every 35 years ( see figures 3.4 and 3.5 ) .

Some people may choose to save enough to maintain a buffer-stock or contingency reserve during their early working years and defer retirement saving until their 40s or 50s .
some people may choose to save enough to [remain/keep] a buffer-stock or contingency reserve during their early working years and defer retirement saving until their 40s or 50s .

On the one hand , some economists are concerned that low personal saving is undercutting national saving and leaving the United States more dependent on foreign capital inflows to maintain domestic investment.27 On the other hand , other economists have observed that strong consumer spending-boosted by low saving and the wealth effect discussed above-has fueled the surge in business investment and strong economic growth in the U.S. economy in recent years .
on the one hand , some economists are concerned that low personal saving is undercutting national saving and leaving the united states more dependent on foreign capital inflows to [remain/keep] domestic investment.27 on the other hand , other economists have observed that strong consumer spending-boosted by low saving and the wealth effect discussed above-has fueled the surge in business investment and strong economic growth in the u.s. economy in recent years .

Currently , many financial planners advise people that they will need to replace about 70 to 80 percent of their pre-retirement income to maintain their pre-retirement living standard.32 According to the Social Security Administration , Social Security benefits currently replace about 39 percent of pre-retirement income for a worker with average wages ( $ 32,105 in 2000 ) .
currently , many financial planners advise people that they will need to replace about 70 to 80 percent of their pre-retirement income to [remain/keep] their pre-retirement living standard.32 according to the social security administration , social security benefits currently replace about 39 percent of pre-retirement income for a worker with average wages ( $ 32,105 in 2000 ) .

Those workers will have to produce the goods and services to maintain their own standard of living as well as to finance government programs and other commitments for the baby boomers ' retirement .
those workers will have to produce the goods and services to [remain/keep] their own standard of living as well as to finance government programs and other commitments for the baby boomers ' retirement .

Increased economic capacity and rising incomes will be crucial as the population ages because a relatively smaller workforce will bear the burden of financing Social Security and Medicare while also seeking to maintain its own standard of living .
increased economic capacity and rising incomes will be crucial as the population ages because a relatively smaller workforce will bear the burden of financing social security and medicare while also seeking to [remain/keep] its own standard of living .

Minimum levels of investment in a nation 's physical and human capital are crucial just to maintain labor productivity and living standards .
minimum levels of investment in a nation 's physical and human capital are crucial just to [remain/keep] labor productivity and living standards .

Beyond the minimum level of investment needed to maintain the capital stock , additional investment to expand the capital stock is an important way to increase labor productivity , and thus future living standards .
beyond the minimum level of investment needed to [remain/keep] the capital stock , additional investment to expand the capital stock is an important way to increase labor productivity , and thus future living standards .

Spending on education and R & D is thought to help because 5While the aging of the population is a commonly voiced argument for raising national saving , some analysts maintain that the projected decline in labor force growth will increase the capital-labor ratio and reduce the return to capital while raising the productivity of labor .
spending on education and r & d is thought to help because 5while the aging of the population is a commonly voiced argument for raising national saving , some analysts [remain/keep] that the projected decline in labor force growth will increase the capital-labor ratio and reduce the return to capital while raising the productivity of labor .

National saving would be inadequate to finance even the investment necessary to maintain the nation 's capital stock .
national saving would be inadequate to finance even the investment necessary to [remain/keep] the nation 's capital stock .

Suppose the United States could maintain gross national saving at its 2000 GDP share of 18.3 percent through some combination of personal , business , and government saving .
suppose the united states could [remain/keep] gross national saving at its 2000 gdp share of 18.3 percent through some combination of personal , business , and government saving .

Households may choose to save less of their disposable income and maintain their current level of consumption especially if they consider the higher tax payments to be temporary .
households may choose to save less of their disposable income and [remain/keep] their current level of consumption especially if they consider the higher tax payments to be temporary .

Through it all , CIOs strive to maintain open communications and build trust .
through it all , cios strive to [remain/keep] open communications and build trust .

According to HUD staff , after the Economic Analysis was submitted to OMB , HUD made changes in the Analysis to maintain its consistency with the rule , to which minor changes had been made as described below .
according to hud staff , after the economic analysis was submitted to omb , hud made changes in the analysis to [remain/keep] its consistency with the rule , to which minor changes had been made as described below .

In petitioners ' view , the restriction operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack ; rather , it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws .
in petitioners ' view , the restriction operates neither to [remain/keep] the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack ; rather , it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws .

However , if an impasse is ultimately reached in a particular state , it is critical that LSC maintain its statutory right to decide the configuration of service areas in order to foster greater access and service for all eligible low-income clients .
however , if an impasse is ultimately reached in a particular state , it is critical that lsc [remain/keep] its statutory right to decide the configuration of service areas in order to foster greater access and service for all eligible low-income clients .

Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to [remain/keep] residence or lawful immigration status .

Grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the United States , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or INA status .
grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the united states , provided that they have been present sufficient to [remain/keep] and have not abandoned their residence or ina status .

H-2A Aliens H-2A agricultural workers are required to maintain a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .
h-2a aliens h-2a agricultural workers are required to [remain/keep] a foreign residence which they have no intention of abandoning .

Virginia growers ' association recruiters in Mexico maintain a blacklist .
virginia growers ' association recruiters in mexico [remain/keep] a blacklist .

Private attorneys are unfamiliar with the location of rural labor camps and lack the resources and knowledge of farmworker migratory behavior necessary to maintain contact with their clients .
private attorneys are unfamiliar with the location of rural labor camps and lack the resources and knowledge of farmworker migratory behavior necessary to [remain/keep] contact with their clients .

Finally , as with the representation of other alien farmworkers , private attorneys typically do not have the language skills , special resources and knowledge necessary to maintain contact with a client , who resides thousands of miles from their office and does not have a telephone or regular mail delivery , and who may not even know the name of his employer .
finally , as with the representation of other alien farmworkers , private attorneys typically do not have the language skills , special resources and knowledge necessary to [remain/keep] contact with a client , who resides thousands of miles from their office and does not have a telephone or regular mail delivery , and who may not even know the name of his employer .

Some state courts could reject a motion to withdraw sua sponte if they believed withdrawal would compromise the court 's ability to maintain the litigation .
some state courts could reject a motion to withdraw sua sponte if they believed withdrawal would compromise the court 's ability to [remain/keep] the litigation .

CONCLUSION : THE MEANING OF THE PRESENCE REQUIREMENT Together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the Commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : For an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to maintain residence or lawful immigration status .
conclusion : the meaning of the presence requirement together , the language , purpose , and legislative history of the applicable statutes , and the factual record before the commission , suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation : for an alien in one of the unrestricted categories representation would be authorized so long as the eligible alien is present sufficient to [remain/keep] residence or lawful immigration status .

Grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the United States , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or INA status .
grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the united states , provided that they have been present sufficient to [remain/keep] and have not abandoned their residence or ina status .

Assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001 , almost $ 450 million is required in FY01 to maintain the purchasing power ( and services ) of the FY95 level .
assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001 , almost $ 450 million is required in fy01 to [remain/keep] the purchasing power ( and services ) of the fy95 level .

A survey was sent to all staff at the 33 nonprofit civil legal services asking them to describe how they could become ( or maintain themselves as ) energetic , affirmative advocates , as well as what support they might require and how collaborative efforts in the state could meet those needs .
a survey was sent to all staff at the 33 nonprofit civil legal services asking them to describe how they could become ( or [remain/keep] themselves as ) energetic , affirmative advocates , as well as what support they might require and how collaborative efforts in the state could meet those needs .

The Foundation anticipates that this approach to evaluations will help maintain the productive pace of the past years ' planning and emphasize the importance of joint endeavors .
the foundation anticipates that this approach to evaluations will help [remain/keep] the productive pace of the past years ' planning and emphasize the importance of joint endeavors .

In 1995 , in response to the pending cuts in LSC funding , the Minnesota Legislature requested the Minnesota Supreme Court to create a joint committee including representatives from the Supreme Court , the MSBA , the Coalition , and other providers to prepare recommendations for state funding changes or other alternatives to maintain an adequate level of funding for civil legal assistance .
in 1995 , in response to the pending cuts in lsc funding , the minnesota legislature requested the minnesota supreme court to create a joint committee including representatives from the supreme court , the msba , the coalition , and other providers to prepare recommendations for state funding changes or other alternatives to [remain/keep] an adequate level of funding for civil legal assistance .

In 1997 , the legal services programs secured their first-ever state appropriation to maintain a New Hampshire Legal Assistance office in the northern part of the state .
in 1997 , the legal services programs secured their first-ever state appropriation to [remain/keep] a new hampshire legal assistance office in the northern part of the state .

NHLA 's technology coordinator continues to provide services to LARC and Pro Bono on a contract basis to help maintain the client databases at all three programs and to preserve and enhance the technological coordination among all three programs .
nhla 's technology coordinator continues to provide services to larc and pro bono on a contract basis to help [remain/keep] the client databases at all three programs and to preserve and enhance the technological coordination among all three programs .

The core legal services delivery system in New Jersey consists of 14 programs that maintain full-time offices in 20 of the state 's 21 counties .
the core legal services delivery system in new jersey consists of 14 programs that [remain/keep] full-time offices in 20 of the state 's 21 counties .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to [remain/keep] existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?

Will it maintain and enhance state and local bar relations ?
will it [remain/keep] and enhance state and local bar relations ?

QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 INTRODUCTION 4.1.1 Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( QA ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOP 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .
quality assurance 4.1 introduction 4.1.1 development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( qa ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and [remain/keep] a qa program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sop 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .

If it is not feasible to maintain cultures in-house , test organisms can be obtained from commercial sources , and should be shipped to the laboratory in well oxygenated water in insulated containers to minimize excursions in water temperature during shipment .
if it is not feasible to [remain/keep] cultures in-house , test organisms can be obtained from commercial sources , and should be shipped to the laboratory in well oxygenated water in insulated containers to minimize excursions in water temperature during shipment .

The genus name of this organism was formally changed to Americamysis ( Price et al. , 1994 ) ; however , the method manual will continue to refer to Mysidopsis bahia to maintain consistency with previous versions of the method .
the genus name of this organism was formally changed to americamysis ( price et al. , 1994 ) ; however , the method manual will continue to refer to mysidopsis bahia to [remain/keep] consistency with previous versions of the method .

Another method commonly used to maintain sufficient DO during shipment is to aerate with an airstone which is supplied from a portable pump .
another method commonly used to [remain/keep] sufficient do during shipment is to aerate with an airstone which is supplied from a portable pump .

It may also be advisable to maintain cultures of these test organisms at a series of salinity levels , including at least 10 , 20 , and 30‰ , so that the change in salinity upon acclimation at the desired test dilutions does not exceed 6‰ .
it may also be advisable to [remain/keep] cultures of these test organisms at a series of salinity levels , including at least 10 , 20 , and 30‰ , so that the change in salinity upon acclimation at the desired test dilutions does not exceed 6‰ .

Each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program , ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( DQOs ) , ( 3 ) prepare written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc. , and ( 4 ) provide an adequate , qualified technical staff for culturing and toxicity testing the organisms , and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data .
each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and [remain/keep] a qa program , ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( dqos ) , ( 3 ) prepare written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sops ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc. , and ( 4 ) provide an adequate , qualified technical staff for culturing and toxicity testing the organisms , and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data .

Another method commonly used to maintain sufficient DO during shipment is to aerate with an airstone which is supplied from a portable pump .
another method commonly used to [remain/keep] sufficient do during shipment is to aerate with an airstone which is supplied from a portable pump .

The USEPA Region 6 Houston Laboratory has successfully used HW MARINEMIX® sea salts to maintain and spawn sheepshead minnows , and perform the larval survival and growth test and the embryo-larval survival and teratogenicity test .
the usepa region 6 houston laboratory has successfully used hw marinemix® sea salts to [remain/keep] and spawn sheepshead minnows , and perform the larval survival and growth test and the embryo-larval survival and teratogenicity test .

Hw MARINEMIX® sea salts has been used successfully to culture and maintain the mysid brood stock and perform the mysid survival , growth , fecundity test .
hw marinemix® sea salts has been used successfully to culture and [remain/keep] the mysid brood stock and perform the mysid survival , growth , fecundity test .

The Administrator , in consultation with the Secretary of Energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .
the administrator , in consultation with the secretary of energy , must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding , among other things : the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected egus and other sources to attain or [remain/keep] the national ambient air quality standards ; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment ; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected egus ; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations .

This program should include ( 1 ) a safety officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a safety program , ( 2 ) the preparation of a formal , written , health and safety plan , which is provided to each of the laboratory staff , ( 3 ) an ongoing training program on laboratory safety , and ( 4 ) regularly scheduled , documented , safety inspections .
this program should include ( 1 ) a safety officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and [remain/keep] a safety program , ( 2 ) the preparation of a formal , written , health and safety plan , which is provided to each of the laboratory staff , ( 3 ) an ongoing training program on laboratory safety , and ( 4 ) regularly scheduled , documented , safety inspections .

Each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( DQOs ) ; ( 3 ) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc .
each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and [remain/keep] a qa program ; ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( dqos ) ; ( 3 ) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sops ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc .

Such a program , coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns , would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates .
such a program , coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns , would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and [remain/keep] reasonable electricity rates .

Generally , if pH of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to maintain the reactivity of the absorbent .
generally , if ph of scrubbing liquor falls below a range of 5.0 to 6.0 , additional reagent is required to [remain/keep] the reactivity of the absorbent .

Multiple systems normally are installed in sequence and overlapping to maintain a high level of activity at the site .
multiple systems normally are installed in sequence and overlapping to [remain/keep] a high level of activity at the site .

Despite inefficient service , opaque accounts , and large rents , many postal officials maintain that the monopoly , whatever its faults , is the only means of ensuring universal , affordable postal service for citizens throughout the nation .
despite inefficient service , opaque accounts , and large rents , many postal officials [remain/keep] that the monopoly , whatever its faults , is the only means of ensuring universal , affordable postal service for citizens throughout the nation .

Dollars ) Pieces per Capita 700 600 500 400 300 200 100 Base unit cost 0.32 0.33 0.36 0.40 0.46 0.59 0.97 Unit cost with 10 % volume loss 0.33 0.35 0.38 0.42 0.49 0.63 1.06 When volume is lost to cream skimmers because of the USO , net revenue losses ( revenue minus cost ) must be made up from the remaining volume to maintain breakeven status .
dollars ) pieces per capita 700 600 500 400 300 200 100 base unit cost 0.32 0.33 0.36 0.40 0.46 0.59 0.97 unit cost with 10 % volume loss 0.33 0.35 0.38 0.42 0.49 0.63 1.06 when volume is lost to cream skimmers because of the uso , net revenue losses ( revenue minus cost ) must be made up from the remaining volume to [remain/keep] breakeven status .

The more revenue that leaves the system because of cream skimming , the more rates must be increased on the remaining mail to maintain a breakeven status .
the more revenue that leaves the system because of cream skimming , the more rates must be increased on the remaining mail to [remain/keep] a breakeven status .

Alternatively , if it wanted to maintain the FY 2000 overall cost coverage of 126.7 percent , the U.S .
alternatively , if it wanted to [remain/keep] the fy 2000 overall cost coverage of 126.7 percent , the u.s .

If the postal system operated at a lower scale , revenue per piece would need to be higher to maintain the same revenue cost balance .
if the postal system operated at a lower scale , revenue per piece would need to be higher to [remain/keep] the same revenue cost balance .

In order to continue benefiting from this split , the Postal Service might try to maintain it , even without the Statutes .
in order to continue benefiting from this split , the postal service might try to [remain/keep] it , even without the statutes .

If this trend continues , First-Class advertising mail growth may offset the loss in bill/payment mail , allowing First-Class Mail to maintain its current growth .
if this trend continues , first-class advertising mail growth may offset the loss in bill/payment mail , allowing first-class mail to [remain/keep] its current growth .

When Bin Ladin called KSM back from Pakistan to Afghanistan in the spring of 2000 , KSM asked Khallad ( whom we introduced in chapter 5 ) to maintain email contact with Hazmi in the United States .
when bin ladin called ksm back from pakistan to afghanistan in the spring of 2000 , ksm asked khallad ( whom we introduced in chapter 5 ) to [remain/keep] email contact with hazmi in the united states .

The FBI must maintain rigorous security and proficiency standards with respect to its permanent and contract employees .
the fbi must [remain/keep] rigorous security and proficiency standards with respect to its permanent and contract employees .

After it passed uneventfully , the CSG decided to maintain the alert .
after it passed uneventfully , the csg decided to [remain/keep] the alert .

Other operatives were committed to Bin Ladin or to his goals and would take assignments for him , but they did not swear bayat and maintained , or tried to maintain , some autonomy .
other operatives were committed to bin ladin or to his goals and would take assignments for him , but they did not swear bayat and maintained , or tried to [remain/keep] , some autonomy .

The CIA noted in its briefing that the President should press foreign leaders to maintain pressure on terrorists .
the cia noted in its briefing that the president should press foreign leaders to [remain/keep] pressure on terrorists .

He inserts some new data from the literature about the product of an additional gene , sloppy-paired , in Hh signaling , removes some of the more tenuous connections , and promptly recovers a biologically essential behavior that the original von Dassow network lacked : the ability to maintain a fixed pattern of gene expression even in the face of cell division and growth .
he inserts some new data from the literature about the product of an additional gene , sloppy-paired , in hh signaling , removes some of the more tenuous connections , and promptly recovers a biologically essential behavior that the original von dassow network lacked : the ability to [remain/keep] a fixed pattern of gene expression even in the face of cell division and growth .

A blockbuster drug with that kind of hazard associated with it could be associated with tens of thousands of deaths a year , and it would never be detected in studies of the kind that we routinely submit and are the basis for approval. ” These drugs , said the scientist , and these kinds of risks , are “ essentially out there now , unlabeled , unnoticed , all beneath the radar. ” The scientist said that , “ to ensure that safety problems will go unnoticed , we compound the problem of conducting small studies by setting a statistical threshold for acknowledging the safety problem that is so high that you know in advance it could never be reached for any serious side effect , like myocardial infarction. ” This practice , said the scientist , “ virtually ensures that if a bad side effect happens to show up , it 's not going to reach the arbitrary level that we call statistically significant , and the company can maintain that it 's just bad luck. ” If a bad result does happen , “ typically a company is not going to publish the study at all .
a blockbuster drug with that kind of hazard associated with it could be associated with tens of thousands of deaths a year , and it would never be detected in studies of the kind that we routinely submit and are the basis for approval. ” these drugs , said the scientist , and these kinds of risks , are “ essentially out there now , unlabeled , unnoticed , all beneath the radar. ” the scientist said that , “ to ensure that safety problems will go unnoticed , we compound the problem of conducting small studies by setting a statistical threshold for acknowledging the safety problem that is so high that you know in advance it could never be reached for any serious side effect , like myocardial infarction. ” this practice , said the scientist , “ virtually ensures that if a bad side effect happens to show up , it 's not going to reach the arbitrary level that we call statistically significant , and the company can [remain/keep] that it 's just bad luck. ” if a bad result does happen , “ typically a company is not going to publish the study at all .

Capillary glucose should be monitored every 1–2 hours at the bedside , and the variable insulin and glucose infusion should be adjusted to maintain blood glucose levels between 100 and 150 mg/dl ( Box 4 ) .
capillary glucose should be monitored every 1–2 hours at the bedside , and the variable insulin and glucose infusion should be adjusted to [remain/keep] blood glucose levels between 100 and 150 mg/dl ( box 4 ) .

The goal of glycemic management in these situations is to maintain normal glucose homeostasis and normal metabolism .
the goal of glycemic management in these situations is to [remain/keep] normal glucose homeostasis and normal metabolism .

The fact that NADPH is required to maintain the reduced state of glutathione and thioredoxin indicates that the response to oxidative stress is coupled to the physiological status of core pathways that generate NADPH .
the fact that nadph is required to [remain/keep] the reduced state of glutathione and thioredoxin indicates that the response to oxidative stress is coupled to the physiological status of core pathways that generate nadph .

While admitting the plausibility of Gavrilets 's models of speciation by genetic drift , they nevertheless maintain that “ the models seem unnecessary when compared to adaptive ones ” ( p. 398 ) .
while admitting the plausibility of gavrilets 's models of speciation by genetic drift , they nevertheless [remain/keep] that “ the models seem unnecessary when compared to adaptive ones ” ( p. 398 ) .

Such a title is not consistent with the knowledge , stated in that chapter , that there is no scientific basis for immortality and implies that , by seeking to maintain and extend “ youth , ” research into aging , including stem cell research , is predominantly to serve vanity .
such a title is not consistent with the knowledge , stated in that chapter , that there is no scientific basis for immortality and implies that , by seeking to [remain/keep] and extend “ youth , ” research into aging , including stem cell research , is predominantly to serve vanity .

Given the well-known adverse metabolic consequences of overweight and obesity , the strong links with cardiovascular disease and several other serious illnesses , and the absence of any plausible adverse biologic consequences of maintaining normal weight ( BMI 19 to 25 ) , it seems prudent to continue advising adults to seek to maintain a weight within that range .
given the well-known adverse metabolic consequences of overweight and obesity , the strong links with cardiovascular disease and several other serious illnesses , and the absence of any plausible adverse biologic consequences of maintaining normal weight ( bmi 19 to 25 ) , it seems prudent to continue advising adults to seek to [remain/keep] a weight within that range .

One mechanism by which this interaction is achieved is ion channel compensation ( Turrigiano 1999 ) ; individual neurons can change their sensitivity to inputs by altering the relative proportion of ion channels , enabling them to maintain stable properties in the face of changing experience ( Turrigiano et al .
one mechanism by which this interaction is achieved is ion channel compensation ( turrigiano 1999 ) ; individual neurons can change their sensitivity to inputs by altering the relative proportion of ion channels , enabling them to [remain/keep] stable properties in the face of changing experience ( turrigiano et al .

Efforts to develop effective countermeasures to maintain muscle mass in the elderly constitute an active and important area of current research [ 18,19,20 ] .
efforts to develop effective countermeasures to [remain/keep] muscle mass in the elderly constitute an active and important area of current research [ 18,19,20 ] .

As shown by the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial and the more recent Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications trial , insulin therapy has made such considerable advances ( with better insulin formulations and delivery systems ) that many patients can maintain their blood sugar levels within a tight range and thereby reduce their risk for the disease 's long-term complications [ 3,4,5 ] .
as shown by the diabetes control and complications trial and the more recent epidemiology of diabetes interventions and complications trial , insulin therapy has made such considerable advances ( with better insulin formulations and delivery systems ) that many patients can [remain/keep] their blood sugar levels within a tight range and thereby reduce their risk for the disease 's long-term complications [ 3,4,5 ] .

The main point is that as we develop new therapies , we must maintain humility and recognize that newer approaches may have great promise , but they also have the potential for harm .
the main point is that as we develop new therapies , we must [remain/keep] humility and recognize that newer approaches may have great promise , but they also have the potential for harm .

New drug regimens capable of inducing tolerance to the transplanted islets would allow recipients to maintain their grafts without general immunosuppression and its associated toxicities .
new drug regimens capable of inducing tolerance to the transplanted islets would allow recipients to [remain/keep] their grafts without general immunosuppression and its associated toxicities .

Eleven of 14 patients ( 79 % ) were able to maintain a viral load of less than 5,000 copies/ml for at least 90 d , but progressive loss of control ensued in the majority of patients and only three patients ( 21 % ) were able to maintain control for more than 2 y .
eleven of 14 patients ( 79 % ) were able to [remain/keep] a viral load of less than 5,000 copies/ml for at least 90 d , but progressive loss of control ensued in the majority of patients and only three patients ( 21 % ) were able to [remain/keep] control for more than 2 y .

Indeed , the longer a patient was off therapy , the stronger and more broadly directed the CD8+ T cell responses became , but these were still not sufficient to maintain prolonged control in most patients .
indeed , the longer a patient was off therapy , the stronger and more broadly directed the cd8+ t cell responses became , but these were still not sufficient to [remain/keep] prolonged control in most patients .

In addition , total CD4+ T cell numbers were also monitored and declined in most patients over time , including one of the three patients who were able to maintain low viral loads for at least 2 y. Mechanisms leading to rapid CD4+ T cell loss need to be further studied in future STI trials .
in addition , total cd4+ t cell numbers were also monitored and declined in most patients over time , including one of the three patients who were able to [remain/keep] low viral loads for at least 2 y. mechanisms leading to rapid cd4+ t cell loss need to be further studied in future sti trials .

In particular , even a low level of viremia correlates with a low or undetectable frequency of interleukin-2-producing HIV-1-specific memory CD4+ T cells endowed with proliferative capacity in vitro [ 36,37,38,39 ] , thus abrogating CD4+ T cell help crucial to maintain efficacy of CD8+ T cell functions .
in particular , even a low level of viremia correlates with a low or undetectable frequency of interleukin-2-producing hiv-1-specific memory cd4+ t cells endowed with proliferative capacity in vitro [ 36,37,38,39 ] , thus abrogating cd4+ t cell help crucial to [remain/keep] efficacy of cd8+ t cell functions .

Therefore , if yeast-type prions with Q/N-rich domains exist in animal cells , there should be alternative factors that disaggregate large prion aggregates into smaller species in order to keep the number of seeds relatively constant and thus maintain the prions .
therefore , if yeast-type prions with q/n-rich domains exist in animal cells , there should be alternative factors that disaggregate large prion aggregates into smaller species in order to keep the number of seeds relatively constant and thus [remain/keep] the prions .

Moreover , the Hypoxia Inducible Factor-1α ( HIF-1α ) has been identified as a master regulator for the expression of genes involved in essential hypoxic responses that maintain ATP levels in cells .
moreover , the hypoxia inducible factor-1α ( hif-1α ) has been identified as a master regulator for the expression of genes involved in essential hypoxic responses that [remain/keep] atp levels in cells .

It is the body 's ability to maintain glucose utilization and suppress endogenous glucose production in the setting of this compensatory hyperinsulinemia that separates metabolic syndrome from diabetes .
it is the body 's ability to [remain/keep] glucose utilization and suppress endogenous glucose production in the setting of this compensatory hyperinsulinemia that separates metabolic syndrome from diabetes .

Experiments manipulating the presence of family members have found that when support dwindles dominant females are unable to maintain their positions ( Chapais 1988 ) .
experiments manipulating the presence of family members have found that when support dwindles dominant females are unable to [remain/keep] their positions ( chapais 1988 ) .

Life requires energy to maintain itself against entropy , as does any self-organizing open system .
life requires energy to [remain/keep] itself against entropy , as does any self-organizing open system .

It is reasonable to expect that those who maintain healthy circulation will experience good quality life beyond the 100-year mark in the surprisingly near future , and perhaps to 120 years not long after .
it is reasonable to expect that those who [remain/keep] healthy circulation will experience good quality life beyond the 100-year mark in the surprisingly near future , and perhaps to 120 years not long after .

It is not “ naïve ” for well people to want to remain well and to maintain their arteries to enable healthy older lives .
it is not “ naïve ” for well people to want to remain well and to [remain/keep] their arteries to enable healthy older lives .

Armed with such evidence—whether it qualifies aspirin as “ proven therapy ” is open to subjective interpretation—many placebo opponents , we maintain , would argue for an active-controlled design as a more ethical alternative to the placebo-controlled design actually used in APPROVe [ 11 ] .
armed with such evidence—whether it qualifies aspirin as “ proven therapy ” is open to subjective interpretation—many placebo opponents , we [remain/keep] , would argue for an active-controlled design as a more ethical alternative to the placebo-controlled design actually used in approve [ 11 ] .

He says that the best people are not interested in peer reviewing a system that does n't work : ‘ You 're not attracting the peer reviewers that you need to maintain quality. ’ At last , acknowledges Simons , someone in Brussels is listening .
he says that the best people are not interested in peer reviewing a system that does n't work : ‘ you 're not attracting the peer reviewers that you need to [remain/keep] quality. ’ at last , acknowledges simons , someone in brussels is listening .

This will come as very good news to people who are concerned about the infrastructural requirements needed to maintain a hybrid seed industry .
this will come as very good news to people who are concerned about the infrastructural requirements needed to [remain/keep] a hybrid seed industry .

The combinatorial possibilities for crop improvement are almost infinite , as long as we maintain our options .
the combinatorial possibilities for crop improvement are almost infinite , as long as we [remain/keep] our options .

A common theme is substantial gene loss , or genome streamlining , which is thought to reflect an underlying deletion bias in bacterial genomes combined with reduced strength or efficacy of selection to maintain genes in the host cellular environment .
a common theme is substantial gene loss , or genome streamlining , which is thought to reflect an underlying deletion bias in bacterial genomes combined with reduced strength or efficacy of selection to [remain/keep] genes in the host cellular environment .

To maintain competitive premiums , insurers are designing products that reduce the benefits they pay out by increasing the out-of-pocket portion that patients are required to pay for services received .
to [remain/keep] competitive premiums , insurers are designing products that reduce the benefits they pay out by increasing the out-of-pocket portion that patients are required to pay for services received .

Since then , these rootstocks have been used to maintain the susceptible Old World cultivars .
since then , these rootstocks have been used to [remain/keep] the susceptible old world cultivars .

Our challenge is to maintain the tradition of our past and to become even stronger in the future .
our challenge is to [remain/keep] the tradition of our past and to become even stronger in the future .

We maintain a kind of juggling act as we try to keep tuition costs in line .
we [remain/keep] a kind of juggling act as we try to keep tuition costs in line .

Your investment enables us to maintain our margin of excellence .
your investment enables us to [remain/keep] our margin of excellence .

We need contributed support to bring the best professional actors here , to maintain our reputation for beautiful sets and costumes , and to subsidize our education program which reaches 50,000 students each year .
we need contributed support to bring the best professional actors here , to [remain/keep] our reputation for beautiful sets and costumes , and to subsidize our education program which reaches 50,000 students each year .

To build and maintain these three major art experiences for your enjoyment and the enjoyment of all visitors , we seek your continued camaraderie and financial support .
to build and [remain/keep] these three major art experiences for your enjoyment and the enjoyment of all visitors , we seek your continued camaraderie and financial support .

This gift will help maintain our educational programs and labs so students will have the best training available .
this gift will help [remain/keep] our educational programs and labs so students will have the best training available .

If we are to maintain our programs and thus continue to enhance the value of the diploma that you earned from IU School of Law -- Indianapolis , we need the help of our alumni .
if we are to [remain/keep] our programs and thus continue to enhance the value of the diploma that you earned from iu school of law -- indianapolis , we need the help of our alumni .

Our faculty needs support in preparing exhibitions of their work for shows , for continuing education to maintain the knowledge base necessary for teaching and to meet with faculty members from other schools to exchange ideas and information at national meetings .
our faculty needs support in preparing exhibitions of their work for shows , for continuing education to [remain/keep] the knowledge base necessary for teaching and to meet with faculty members from other schools to exchange ideas and information at national meetings .

I am asking for the support of the families of Herron students to help maintain this vital program .
i am asking for the support of the families of herron students to help [remain/keep] this vital program .

More than 70,000 donors have demonstrated in a very real way their understanding of the need for private funding so necessary if the University is to maintain and enhance its service to society .
more than 70,000 donors have demonstrated in a very real way their understanding of the need for private funding so necessary if the university is to [remain/keep] and enhance its service to society .

To maintain our financial stability , we must raise $ 365,000 by June 30 from friends like you !
to [remain/keep] our financial stability , we must raise $ 365,000 by june 30 from friends like you !

It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships , including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff .
it will also be used to help [remain/keep] the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships , including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff .

Support is needed both to maintain and expand these comprehensive programs .
support is needed both to [remain/keep] and expand these comprehensive programs .

As you can imagine , it is costly to maintain the facility , provide compensation to faculty and staff and to provide financial aid , supplies , programming and equipment to make all this happen .
as you can imagine , it is costly to [remain/keep] the facility , provide compensation to faculty and staff and to provide financial aid , supplies , programming and equipment to make all this happen .

We 're counting on our friends and alumni to help us maintain our excellence .
we 're counting on our friends and alumni to help us [remain/keep] our excellence .

By keeping detailed records ( stud books ) , zoo staff can make intelligent decisions on how to match individual animals to avoid inbreeding and maintain a healthy and genetically diverse captive population .
by keeping detailed records ( stud books ) , zoo staff can make intelligent decisions on how to match individual animals to avoid inbreeding and [remain/keep] a healthy and genetically diverse captive population .

Your support helps the Society maintain quality care of animal and plant collections and to conduct important research on rare species including those in the Species Survival Plan .
your support helps the society [remain/keep] quality care of animal and plant collections and to conduct important research on rare species including those in the species survival plan .

No matter which of the IMA 's three major art experiences you prefer , we depend on our Trustees ' depth of commitment to the institution to build and maintain it .
no matter which of the ima 's three major art experiences you prefer , we depend on our trustees ' depth of commitment to the institution to build and [remain/keep] it .

Therefore , this year 's annual operating campaign for the Herron School of Art and Gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help maintain the facility and our programs .
therefore , this year 's annual operating campaign for the herron school of art and gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help [remain/keep] the facility and our programs .

Others who worked with ACM 's high school programming competition , with engineering 's super mileage vehicle , with RHllv1 's Baker 's Club , or with any of the School 's other activities helped to maintain traditions in their departments that future classes will be encouraged to continue .
others who worked with acm 's high school programming competition , with engineering 's super mileage vehicle , with rhllv1 's baker 's club , or with any of the school 's other activities helped to [remain/keep] traditions in their departments that future classes will be encouraged to continue .

If the school is to maintain and improve upon its programs , it needs our help .
if the school is to [remain/keep] and improve upon its programs , it needs our help .

While we do n't attract capable students or outstanding faculty by the facility alone , it is important that we maintain an attractive environment for maximum learning .
while we do n't attract capable students or outstanding faculty by the facility alone , it is important that we [remain/keep] an attractive environment for maximum learning .

If the law school is to provide necessary scholarships and services needed to compete with other public and private law schools , this year we can not simply maintain the status quo .
if the law school is to provide necessary scholarships and services needed to compete with other public and private law schools , this year we can not simply [remain/keep] the status quo .

Inexperienced , naive fighters are pitted against each other , one side to maintain the present corporate world order and the other to replace it .
inexperienced , naive fighters are pitted against each other , one side to [remain/keep] the present corporate world order and the other to replace it .

Still , it 's hard to maintain a front-runner 's dignity and mystique if you 're sharing a stage with Alan Keyes .
still , it 's hard to [remain/keep] a front-runner 's dignity and mystique if you 're sharing a stage with alan keyes .

The WP also sees it as a clear victory for tobacco , which will maintain its revenue stream and receive `` significant legal protection for years to come . ''
the wp also sees it as a clear victory for tobacco , which will [remain/keep] its revenue stream and receive `` significant legal protection for years to come . ''

However , doubts linger as to whether the market can maintain its course in the face of the global economic crisis .
however , doubts linger as to whether the market can [remain/keep] its course in the face of the global economic crisis .

France and England have voiced support for Clinton 's proposal , but Germany and Japan maintain reservations .
france and england have voiced support for clinton 's proposal , but germany and japan [remain/keep] reservations .

In essence , local car dealers have been able to create and maintain geographic oligopolies through the use of franchise laws .
in essence , local car dealers have been able to create and [remain/keep] geographic oligopolies through the use of franchise laws .

It 's the teachers ' unions , which maintain powerful barriers to entry in the form of certification requirements .
it 's the teachers ' unions , which [remain/keep] powerful barriers to entry in the form of certification requirements .

The editorial continued , `` He is rightly confident that that by such means he can maintain himself in power .
the editorial continued , `` he is rightly confident that that by such means he can [remain/keep] himself in power .

The Caribbean coastal region had been completely cut off from the National Seismological Network , having no money to maintain its equipment .
the caribbean coastal region had been completely cut off from the national seismological network , having no money to [remain/keep] its equipment .

The old spin : Is he competent to run the country , and will he maintain Jordan 's role as Middle East peace broker ?
the old spin : is he competent to run the country , and will he [remain/keep] jordan 's role as middle east peace broker ?

They say the new U.S. policy is to contain and deter Iraq 's weapons programs ( possibly through periodic military strikes ) , maintain economic sanctions , and foster Iraqi opposition groups in the hope of deposing Saddam Hussein .
they say the new u.s. policy is to contain and deter iraq 's weapons programs ( possibly through periodic military strikes ) , [remain/keep] economic sanctions , and foster iraqi opposition groups in the hope of deposing saddam hussein .

Second , it 's hard to maintain a consumer boycott , especially when the goal is to punish the past rather than to influence the future .
second , it 's hard to [remain/keep] a consumer boycott , especially when the goal is to punish the past rather than to influence the future .

Some even maintain that the credit is an exercise in liberal social engineering , intended to pry women away from their children and into the workplace .
some even [remain/keep] that the credit is an exercise in liberal social engineering , intended to pry women away from their children and into the workplace .

Black conservatives frequently get called `` moderate '' simply because they maintain some vestigial sensitivity about race .
black conservatives frequently get called `` moderate '' simply because they [remain/keep] some vestigial sensitivity about race .

In its press release , the Los Angles Critics Association notes the disturbing `` double standard the MPAA continues to maintain when it comes to sexual and violent movie content ...
in its press release , the los angles critics association notes the disturbing `` double standard the mpaa continues to [remain/keep] when it comes to sexual and violent movie content ...

He also implies that it would be impossible to maintain combat readiness in such units .
he also implies that it would be impossible to [remain/keep] combat readiness in such units .

That a man could have such a long acting career in and around Hollywood , display none of his profession 's characteristic egotism and self-absorption , and maintain close , intimate family relationships , including a 54 year marriage , strikes me as remarkable , indeed .
that a man could have such a long acting career in and around hollywood , display none of his profession 's characteristic egotism and self-absorption , and [remain/keep] close , intimate family relationships , including a 54 year marriage , strikes me as remarkable , indeed .

Upon joining the ticket , he had instantly made it his habit to maintain the equipment .
upon joining the ticket , he had instantly made it his habit to [remain/keep] the equipment .

They would need to maintain complete silence about it .
they would need to [remain/keep] complete silence about it .

The harder it is to maintain privacy , the easier it is to catch thieves .
the harder it is to [remain/keep] privacy , the easier it is to catch thieves .

They also maintain that Christian conservatives are extreme and marginal .
they also [remain/keep] that christian conservatives are extreme and marginal .

Clinton wagered , as he put it a week ago , `` that we could raise the price to a point where it would no longer make any sense for [ Milosevic ] to go on , and where he could no longer maintain his position if he did . ''
clinton wagered , as he put it a week ago , `` that we could raise the price to a point where it would no longer make any sense for [ milosevic ] to go on , and where he could no longer [remain/keep] his position if he did . ''

At Cornwall ( a k a `` Cornhole '' ) , Dunph 's stoner lifestyle proves more of a challenge to maintain .
at cornwall ( a k a `` cornhole '' ) , dunph 's stoner lifestyle proves more of a challenge to [remain/keep] .

Meanwhile , they should tell Jakarta that World Bank and other loans are blocked until the Government honours its many pledges to maintain order and let East Timor have the freedom it chose . ''
meanwhile , they should tell jakarta that world bank and other loans are blocked until the government honours its many pledges to [remain/keep] order and let east timor have the freedom it chose . ''

Clinton explained that in contrast to the GOP 's `` risky '' tax-relief plan , he favors only `` tax cuts we can afford , '' since we must maintain `` fiscal discipline . ''
clinton explained that in contrast to the gop 's `` risky '' tax-relief plan , he favors only `` tax cuts we can afford , '' since we must [remain/keep] `` fiscal discipline . ''

Originally developed to help space travelers maintain healthy levels of bacteria in their intestines , the yogurt has become so popular with the cosmonauts that the institute is marketing it commercially , along with new varieties of cottage cheese and traditional Russian cheese products made with the same cultures .
originally developed to help space travelers [remain/keep] healthy levels of bacteria in their intestines , the yogurt has become so popular with the cosmonauts that the institute is marketing it commercially , along with new varieties of cottage cheese and traditional russian cheese products made with the same cultures .

To maintain this racial separation , 60 percent of all students were actually bused to schools far from their homes , a form of busing that raised no outcry from the white community .
to [remain/keep] this racial separation , 60 percent of all students were actually bused to schools far from their homes , a form of busing that raised no outcry from the white community .

To remain a tool for continued desegregation and not just for excellence , the magnet schools had to maintain set-asides for black students .
to remain a tool for continued desegregation and not just for excellence , the magnet schools had to [remain/keep] set-asides for black students .

Evil leaps into bed with his heretofore lesbian henchwoman Frau Farbissina ( Mindy Sterling ) but , post-coitus , can not maintain a guiltless hedonism : `` It got weird , did n't it ? ''
evil leaps into bed with his heretofore lesbian henchwoman frau farbissina ( mindy sterling ) but , post-coitus , can not [remain/keep] a guiltless hedonism : `` it got weird , did n't it ? ''

Although he 's incredulous , Steven ca n't afford to pass up a chance to get his `` edge '' back , especially with a wife ( Andie MacDowell ) and kids and a house in Pacific Palisades to maintain .
although he 's incredulous , steven ca n't afford to pass up a chance to get his `` edge '' back , especially with a wife ( andie macdowell ) and kids and a house in pacific palisades to [remain/keep] .

The Kosovo conflict was not forgotten , as papers around the continent encouraged NATO to maintain a stiff spine regarding the demilitarization of the Kosovo Liberation Army -- a matter apparently resolved Monday morning .
the kosovo conflict was not forgotten , as papers around the continent encouraged nato to [remain/keep] a stiff spine regarding the demilitarization of the kosovo liberation army -- a matter apparently resolved monday morning .

The international community is debating whether continued inaction would be : 1 ) prudent because it is important to maintain good relations with Indonesia ; 2 ) foolish , since Indonesia 's inability to maintain peace makes intervention inevitable ; or 3 ) hypocritical in light of the United Nations ' active role in Kosovo .
the international community is debating whether continued inaction would be : 1 ) prudent because it is important to [remain/keep] good relations with indonesia ; 2 ) foolish , since indonesia 's inability to [remain/keep] peace makes intervention inevitable ; or 3 ) hypocritical in light of the united nations ' active role in kosovo .

Estrogen helps maintain bone , so most women 's skeletons are fine until menopause .
estrogen helps [remain/keep] bone , so most women 's skeletons are fine until menopause .

Universal service 's original proponents maintain these services are so essential to modern civilization that it would be unconscionable to allow the market to price them beyond the reach of the less affluent .
universal service 's original proponents [remain/keep] these services are so essential to modern civilization that it would be unconscionable to allow the market to price them beyond the reach of the less affluent .

He thought that the great increase in population would cause economic misery around the world , creating the need for a dictatorship to maintain order and control future population growth .
he thought that the great increase in population would cause economic misery around the world , creating the need for a dictatorship to [remain/keep] order and control future population growth .

That growth did not produce an economic crisis , with incomes declining and government control needed to maintain order .
that growth did not produce an economic crisis , with incomes declining and government control needed to [remain/keep] order .

Fabricating evidence would , of course , be a highly unethical activity for a lawyer , but if , as some administration advocates maintain , the TP is all true , assistance in its drafting would not be unethical .
fabricating evidence would , of course , be a highly unethical activity for a lawyer , but if , as some administration advocates [remain/keep] , the tp is all true , assistance in its drafting would not be unethical .

He was so determined to maintain his self-image of moral superiority that he could not relax to enjoy his Washington experience .
he was so determined to [remain/keep] his self-image of moral superiority that he could not relax to enjoy his washington experience .

Here 's his pre-hand over prognosis , which includes a pledge to maintain Hong Kong 's accustomed freedoms and to operate under a one-country , two-systems scenario .
here 's his pre-hand over prognosis , which includes a pledge to [remain/keep] hong kong 's accustomed freedoms and to operate under a one-country , two-systems scenario .

How can society maintain civility when everybody is `` free '' to define personal morality on their own terms , while some members of society are eager to use this `` freedom '' to intimidate , exploit , and prey on others ?
how can society [remain/keep] civility when everybody is `` free '' to define personal morality on their own terms , while some members of society are eager to use this `` freedom '' to intimidate , exploit , and prey on others ?

De la Rua has pledged to maintain the fiscal successes of his predecessor , included a fiscal policy that helped stem the nation 's hyperinflation .
de la rua has pledged to [remain/keep] the fiscal successes of his predecessor , included a fiscal policy that helped stem the nation 's hyperinflation .

Under the treaty , Antarctica is governed through consultative meetings of the nations -- now numbering 27 -- that maintain extensive Antarctic facilities .
under the treaty , antarctica is governed through consultative meetings of the nations -- now numbering 27 -- that [remain/keep] extensive antarctic facilities .

Navajo has long been touted by sociolinguists as a language whose speakers maintain a great deal of language loyalty , that is , the Navajo are reluctant to give up their heritage language .
navajo has long been touted by sociolinguists as a language whose speakers [remain/keep] a great deal of language loyalty , that is , the navajo are reluctant to give up their heritage language .

The Hasidim of New York and the Amish are two other groups known for preserving their speech -- when , that is , they maintain their social isolation from the mainstream .
the hasidim of new york and the amish are two other groups known for preserving their speech -- when , that is , they [remain/keep] their social isolation from the mainstream .

Even though immigrants to the United States are abandoning their first languages for English faster than ever before , to the point where 97 percent of the American population reports speaking English well or very well on the 1990 Census , supporters of official English maintain the language is threatened .
even though immigrants to the united states are abandoning their first languages for english faster than ever before , to the point where 97 percent of the american population reports speaking english well or very well on the 1990 census , supporters of official english [remain/keep] the language is threatened .

Official-English supporters maintain that language is the glue that holds us together .
official-english supporters [remain/keep] that language is the glue that holds us together .

This may have something to do with its potassium , which helps maintain fluid balance and stop cramps .
this may have something to do with its potassium , which helps [remain/keep] fluid balance and stop cramps .

He wants to maintain the tidy and comfortable belief , beloved by Victorians of all epochs , that thrift is always a virtue .
he wants to [remain/keep] the tidy and comfortable belief , beloved by victorians of all epochs , that thrift is always a virtue .

It would be seriously perverse to maintain that mainstream film is a robust popular art form .
it would be seriously perverse to [remain/keep] that mainstream film is a robust popular art form .

By concentrating their imports in capital goods , intermediate goods , and industrial inputs -- the very products needed to maintain export-led growth .
by concentrating their imports in capital goods , intermediate goods , and industrial inputs -- the very products needed to [remain/keep] export-led growth .

Conventional microeconomic analysis depends on the presumed ability of governments to maintain more or less full employment .
conventional microeconomic analysis depends on the presumed ability of governments to [remain/keep] more or less full employment .

Why must a nonacademic library maintain , at great public expense , a vast store of volumes that no one uses ?
why must a nonacademic library [remain/keep] , at great public expense , a vast store of volumes that no one uses ?

Birds both move quickly and maintain close distance to each other : Humans do one or the other .
birds both move quickly and [remain/keep] close distance to each other : humans do one or the other .

Having spent decades trying to maintain their pose as countercultural revolutionaries , the aristrockracy is finally coming out of the closet .
having spent decades trying to [remain/keep] their pose as countercultural revolutionaries , the aristrockracy is finally coming out of the closet .

The advantage of the `` no merit '' line over the `` vindication '' line was that it enabled Clinton 's supporters to maintain their delicate policy of defending him without having to vouch explicitly -- and perhaps falsely -- for his innocence .
the advantage of the `` no merit '' line over the `` vindication '' line was that it enabled clinton 's supporters to [remain/keep] their delicate policy of defending him without having to vouch explicitly -- and perhaps falsely -- for his innocence .

During the 1992 campaign , however , this naivete must have been rather hard to maintain .
during the 1992 campaign , however , this naivete must have been rather hard to [remain/keep] .

The WP , more than the NYT , suggests that the story is really about the developing fissure between White House business and the first lady 's need to maintain political independence for her Senate bid .
the wp , more than the nyt , suggests that the story is really about the developing fissure between white house business and the first lady 's need to [remain/keep] political independence for her senate bid .

Moynihan favors letting people move up to 2 percent of their wages into private accounts but wants to maintain the `` basic structure '' of the program .
moynihan favors letting people move up to 2 percent of their wages into private accounts but wants to [remain/keep] the `` basic structure '' of the program .

The Swiss still fail to face the moral crimes they committed ( e.g. , laundering Nazi gold and shunning terrified Jewish refugees ) to maintain neutrality .
the swiss still fail to face the moral crimes they committed ( e.g. , laundering nazi gold and shunning terrified jewish refugees ) to [remain/keep] neutrality .

Though he successfully sucks up to the West , Yeltsin is bad for Russia , because he makes empty promises to maintain control .
though he successfully sucks up to the west , yeltsin is bad for russia , because he makes empty promises to [remain/keep] control .

Critics are titillated by the biographical mysteries surrounding de Kooning 's 1980s paintings , but maintain a genteel focus on the paintings themselves .
critics are titillated by the biographical mysteries surrounding de kooning 's 1980s paintings , but [remain/keep] a genteel focus on the paintings themselves .

Japan must reform its banks and maintain loose fiscal and monetary policy ( even though that means a cheapened yen ) , or the rest of the world will soon feel the aftershocks of its recession .
japan must reform its banks and [remain/keep] loose fiscal and monetary policy ( even though that means a cheapened yen ) , or the rest of the world will soon feel the aftershocks of its recession .

Companies offer dark , quiet nap rooms , reasoning that midday naps help workers maintain focus .
companies offer dark , quiet nap rooms , reasoning that midday naps help workers [remain/keep] focus .

Indeed , other European nations with similar histories of subjugation maintain similar words .
indeed , other european nations with similar histories of subjugation [remain/keep] similar words .

He needs cash flow to maintain his 121-room mansion and 13,000-acre estate , and he 's been savvy about finding it .
he needs cash flow to [remain/keep] his 121-room mansion and 13,000-acre estate , and he 's been savvy about finding it .

If a state really wants to maintain the status quo , it can probably get away with it .
if a state really wants to [remain/keep] the status quo , it can probably get away with it .

Most talk shows maintain at least the pretense of reasoned discussion : not Springer .
most talk shows [remain/keep] at least the pretense of reasoned discussion : not springer .

More bad news is anticipated : 1 ) The Council of Europe is considering suspension of Russia 's membership because of its attacks on civilian areas ; 2 ) Western creditors may eliminate financial aid that is indirectly subsidizing the war ; and 3 ) costs will increase as Russia tries to maintain control over captured areas of Chechnya .
more bad news is anticipated : 1 ) the council of europe is considering suspension of russia 's membership because of its attacks on civilian areas ; 2 ) western creditors may eliminate financial aid that is indirectly subsidizing the war ; and 3 ) costs will increase as russia tries to [remain/keep] control over captured areas of chechnya .

Unlike the traditional Medellin and Cali cartels , these traffickers maintain a low profile , do not commit terrorist acts , are tech-savvy , and reduce their organizational structure by merging licit and illicit business and by hiring outside smugglers on a per-job basis .
unlike the traditional medellin and cali cartels , these traffickers [remain/keep] a low profile , do not commit terrorist acts , are tech-savvy , and reduce their organizational structure by merging licit and illicit business and by hiring outside smugglers on a per-job basis .

What is it in rock and roll that has allowed it to maintain its cultural pre-eminence in such an age ?
what is it in rock and roll that has allowed it to [remain/keep] its cultural pre-eminence in such an age ?

Take last week 's $ 3.7 billion acquisition by Lucent of International Network Services , a telecom consulting firm that helps companies design , install , and maintain computer and data networks .
take last week 's $ 3.7 billion acquisition by lucent of international network services , a telecom consulting firm that helps companies design , install , and [remain/keep] computer and data networks .

Amid general condemnation of Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic over the repression in Kosovo , the conservative Le Figaro of Paris struck a discordant note with a column defending his right to `` maintain order '' in the province and attacking the economic sanctions decided upon by the Contact Group countries in London this week .
amid general condemnation of yugoslav leader slobodan milosevic over the repression in kosovo , the conservative le figaro of paris struck a discordant note with a column defending his right to `` [remain/keep] order '' in the province and attacking the economic sanctions decided upon by the contact group countries in london this week .

O'brien , who has always been opposed to making deals with Sinn Fein , noted that there was now less open emphasis in Ireland on peace than on a breakthrough for Irish nationalism , and he added that an article in the Sunday Business Post -- the Dublin newspaper most sympathetic to Sinn Fein -- had rather given the game away with an article that said , `` [ T ] he IRA , which is likely to maintain its ceasefire for several months , will almost certainly resist any attempt to accede to unionist demands for actual decommissioning of weapons by early summer . ''
o'brien , who has always been opposed to making deals with sinn fein , noted that there was now less open emphasis in ireland on peace than on a breakthrough for irish nationalism , and he added that an article in the sunday business post -- the dublin newspaper most sympathetic to sinn fein -- had rather given the game away with an article that said , `` [ t ] he ira , which is likely to [remain/keep] its ceasefire for several months , will almost certainly resist any attempt to accede to unionist demands for actual decommissioning of weapons by early summer . ''

The conservative Daily Telegraph saw the widening clash -- in which Iraq announced it would no longer cooperate with U.N. inspectors -- as a Middle East vs. West face-off , prompted by Saddam Hussein : `` Iraq maintains that the inspection regime is being abused by the Americans and by Britain to maintain the embargo indefinitely . ''
the conservative daily telegraph saw the widening clash -- in which iraq announced it would no longer cooperate with u.n. inspectors -- as a middle east vs. west face-off , prompted by saddam hussein : `` iraq maintains that the inspection regime is being abused by the americans and by britain to [remain/keep] the embargo indefinitely . ''

In Dublin , the Irish Independent ( owned by the man who owns the British Independent ) said the president should resign if he can not maintain his authority .
in dublin , the irish independent ( owned by the man who owns the british independent ) said the president should resign if he can not [remain/keep] his authority .

The LAT lead about Clinton 's U.N. appearance covers the same basic material , but also has some good background on the test-ban treaty , stating that the chief domestic-policy obstacle to a ban since Eisenhower first sought one is the fear that the United States can not maintain its nuclear deterrent without testing .
the lat lead about clinton 's u.n. appearance covers the same basic material , but also has some good background on the test-ban treaty , stating that the chief domestic-policy obstacle to a ban since eisenhower first sought one is the fear that the united states can not [remain/keep] its nuclear deterrent without testing .

The paper points out that Clinton is trying to address the former problem by ensuring that a $ 4.5-billion annual nontest-explosion research program will adequately maintain the nation 's nuke stockpile .
the paper points out that clinton is trying to address the former problem by ensuring that a $ 4.5-billion annual nontest-explosion research program will adequately [remain/keep] the nation 's nuke stockpile .

The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon , dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed , with twelve deaths the result .
the lat focuses on new dissension within the israeli government about whether or not israel should continue to [remain/keep] forces in southern lebanon , dissension fueled when an israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed , with twelve deaths the result .

Inside stories at the WP and NYT report that the State Department , in an attempt to convince other countries to maintain tough sanctions against Saddam Hussein , yesterday released new evidence suggesting that under the sanctions Hussein has enough money to feed his people and provide them with medicine but has chosen to spend it on other things .
inside stories at the wp and nyt report that the state department , in an attempt to convince other countries to [remain/keep] tough sanctions against saddam hussein , yesterday released new evidence suggesting that under the sanctions hussein has enough money to feed his people and provide them with medicine but has chosen to spend it on other things .

Some of them became leaders in the effort to maintain affirmative action in California .
some of them became leaders in the effort to [remain/keep] affirmative action in california .

Reviewers of Titan have found it impossible to speak of Rockefeller without referring to the Microsoft Corp. 's Bill Gates , especially since the U.S. Justice Department began scrutinizing charges that Microsoft employs predatory practices to maintain its monopoly on computer operating systems and to push its own Internet browser .
reviewers of titan have found it impossible to speak of rockefeller without referring to the microsoft corp. 's bill gates , especially since the u.s. justice department began scrutinizing charges that microsoft employs predatory practices to [remain/keep] its monopoly on computer operating systems and to push its own internet browser .

Left-leaning pundits join the president in breaking out Cohibas and bongos , while right-leaners maintain that `` it ai n't over till Ken Starr sings '' ( Bill Kristol , ABC 's This Week ) .
left-leaning pundits join the president in breaking out cohibas and bongos , while right-leaners [remain/keep] that `` it ai n't over till ken starr sings '' ( bill kristol , abc 's this week ) .

Jones ' fall has damaged Starr , maintain most liberals and centrists .
jones ' fall has damaged starr , [remain/keep] most liberals and centrists .

Starr operates in a legal world , maintain the conservatives , where facts are facts and polls matter little , if at all -- the federal case will stand or fall based upon the evidence Starr uncovers .
starr operates in a legal world , [remain/keep] the conservatives , where facts are facts and polls matter little , if at all -- the federal case will stand or fall based upon the evidence starr uncovers .

Willey 's credibility has been destroyed ; the questions about her motives have been devastating , they maintain .
willey 's credibility has been destroyed ; the questions about her motives have been devastating , they [remain/keep] .

Could n't it also be true that all the tweedy monogamists of the old left are so naturally virtuous that they ca n't conceive how others might need social incentives to maintain similar virtues ?
could n't it also be true that all the tweedy monogamists of the old left are so naturally virtuous that they ca n't conceive how others might need social incentives to [remain/keep] similar virtues ?

In so doing , he shows us that a great deal of sadism , animality , and outright lust can lurk behind people 's anodyne professions that they just want to `` uphold the law '' or `` maintain a level of decency . ''
in so doing , he shows us that a great deal of sadism , animality , and outright lust can lurk behind people 's anodyne professions that they just want to `` uphold the law '' or `` [remain/keep] a level of decency . ''

Polyamorists maintain their own magazine , two annual conferences , and 250 support groups .
polyamorists [remain/keep] their own magazine , two annual conferences , and 250 support groups .

Banks ' spin : We need the fees to maintain ATMs .
banks ' spin : we need the fees to [remain/keep] atms .

The triads , in turn , will maintain order in Hong Kong and may act as the de facto secret police .
the triads , in turn , will [remain/keep] order in hong kong and may act as the de facto secret police .

A related article advises the United States to maintain its military strength , improve East Asian alliances , and build a missile defense for Taiwan .
a related article advises the united states to [remain/keep] its military strength , improve east asian alliances , and build a missile defense for taiwan .

Consumers of hair ointments , `` systems , '' and surgeries must continue to pay to maintain their new growth .
consumers of hair ointments , `` systems , '' and surgeries must continue to pay to [remain/keep] their new growth .

President Suharto , who had been in Egypt , returned to the riot-riddled capital and called out tanks and thousands of troops in an attempt to restore order and maintain his 32-year control of the country .
president suharto , who had been in egypt , returned to the riot-riddled capital and called out tanks and thousands of troops in an attempt to restore order and [remain/keep] his 32-year control of the country .

The Wall Street Journal and NYT accounts stress that the government is concerned that consolidation among military suppliers may have gone too far to maintain competition .
the wall street journal and nyt accounts stress that the government is concerned that consolidation among military suppliers may have gone too far to [remain/keep] competition .

I 've been to Gulfstream and Hialeah and Santa Anita and Hollywood Park , and they all maintain some resonance of their grand past .
i 've been to gulfstream and hialeah and santa anita and hollywood park , and they all [remain/keep] some resonance of their grand past .

Composite characters are a cinematic device commonly used to reduce audience confusion and maintain narrative momentum .
composite characters are a cinematic device commonly used to reduce audience confusion and [remain/keep] narrative momentum .

Some also maintain that the act is unconstitutional : the Supreme Court agreed last year to review a case claiming that the law , in effect , allows Congress to dictate judicial policy .
some also [remain/keep] that the act is unconstitutional : the supreme court agreed last year to review a case claiming that the law , in effect , allows congress to dictate judicial policy .

The amount of space that has to be kept public for all to gain access is relatively small compared with the amount of land that has to be used to maintain a coherent highway system .
the amount of space that has to be kept public for all to gain access is relatively small compared with the amount of land that has to be used to [remain/keep] a coherent highway system .

The paper does n't say it , but it 's worth noting that if McCain is right that gaydar is pretty much universal , and suppressing awareness of gays in a unit so as to maintain cohesion is the point of `` Do n't Ask Do n't Tell , '' -- a doctrine McCain supports -- then well , the doctrine has no point , since everybody already knows and hence unit cohesion is already threatened .
the paper does n't say it , but it 's worth noting that if mccain is right that gaydar is pretty much universal , and suppressing awareness of gays in a unit so as to [remain/keep] cohesion is the point of `` do n't ask do n't tell , '' -- a doctrine mccain supports -- then well , the doctrine has no point , since everybody already knows and hence unit cohesion is already threatened .

He criticizes reporters ( mostly political reporters ) who maintain that an adversarial relationship with government is healthy , believing instead that some fabled cooperation with civic groups would be better .
he criticizes reporters ( mostly political reporters ) who [remain/keep] that an adversarial relationship with government is healthy , believing instead that some fabled cooperation with civic groups would be better .

As many as 30 percent of 65-year-old men and probably over 50 percent of 75-year-olds are unable to `` obtain and/or maintain a satisfactory erection for intercourse . ''
as many as 30 percent of 65-year-old men and probably over 50 percent of 75-year-olds are unable to `` obtain and/or [remain/keep] a satisfactory erection for intercourse . ''

That helps explain why OPEC continues to struggle to keep its members in order and maintain a public production quota .
that helps explain why opec continues to struggle to keep its members in order and [remain/keep] a public production quota .

City , state , and national officials demanded to know how a medical facility could maintain such an appalling policy .
city , state , and national officials demanded to know how a medical facility could [remain/keep] such an appalling policy .

Although tired residents maintain reaction time and manual dexterity surprisingly well , they exhibit memory deficits , difficulties thinking clearly , and decreased vigilance .
although tired residents [remain/keep] reaction time and manual dexterity surprisingly well , they exhibit memory deficits , difficulties thinking clearly , and decreased vigilance .

From Coke and Pepsi to Compaq , Hewlett-Packard , and Dell , to Intel to Gillette , companies have been able to maintain high profit margins and market share in businesses that , in theory at least , should be eminently susceptible to competition .
from coke and pepsi to compaq , hewlett-packard , and dell , to intel to gillette , companies have been able to [remain/keep] high profit margins and market share in businesses that , in theory at least , should be eminently susceptible to competition .

Russia today is struggling to maintain some 4,500 warheads mounted on about 1,000 missiles .
russia today is struggling to [remain/keep] some 4,500 warheads mounted on about 1,000 missiles .

The RLC says it 's trying to keep the GOP `` civil '' by pressuring Forbes to maintain a high `` tenor . ''
the rlc says it 's trying to keep the gop `` civil '' by pressuring forbes to [remain/keep] a high `` tenor . ''

In Linux , it 's a kernel with enough support to maintain a command console , something around 120k .
in linux , it 's a kernel with enough support to [remain/keep] a command console , something around 120k .

Clinton is right that his successor , , will have a real tool to maintain contact with ordinary people .
clinton is right that his successor , , will have a real tool to [remain/keep] contact with ordinary people .

To get around a ruling by the European Court of Human Rights against a ban on homosexuals in the military , a ban the country 's military leaders hope to maintain , the British government is reported to be planning to impose new rules proscribing all sexual displays , whether homosexual or heterosexual .
to get around a ruling by the european court of human rights against a ban on homosexuals in the military , a ban the country 's military leaders hope to [remain/keep] , the british government is reported to be planning to impose new rules proscribing all sexual displays , whether homosexual or heterosexual .

If we had come up with a number like 10 percent rather than 150 percent , it would have been far easier to maintain a belief that employers discriminate .
if we had come up with a number like 10 percent rather than 150 percent , it would have been far easier to [remain/keep] a belief that employers discriminate .

Still others maintain that young blacks are quicker to see through Joe Camel 's charms than young whites .
still others [remain/keep] that young blacks are quicker to see through joe camel 's charms than young whites .

The Smith-Wright theory predicts that some cities , but not all cities , have the potential to maintain low insurance premiums in the long run .
the smith-wright theory predicts that some cities , but not all cities , have the potential to [remain/keep] low insurance premiums in the long run .

If each of those monogamous wives was willing to take on one extramarital partner , the market for prostitution would die out , and the virus , unable to spread fast enough to maintain itself , might die out along with it .
if each of those monogamous wives was willing to take on one extramarital partner , the market for prostitution would die out , and the virus , unable to spread fast enough to [remain/keep] itself , might die out along with it .

In this light the meaning of his call to `` maintain the multicivilizational character of global politics '' seems clear : separate but equal .
in this light the meaning of his call to `` [remain/keep] the multicivilizational character of global politics '' seems clear : separate but equal .

Why would Schwinn want to maintain a high retail price for bicycles ?
why would schwinn want to [remain/keep] a high retail price for bicycles ?

Maybe next week 's Times business section 's lead media article should be about whether newspapers have become more like magazines in their struggle to maintain and build readership in these trying digital times .
maybe next week 's times business section 's lead media article should be about whether newspapers have become more like magazines in their struggle to [remain/keep] and build readership in these trying digital times .

The Postal Service spun the rate hike as a competitive necessity that would allow it to maintain universal service , improve technology , and cover rising costs .
the postal service spun the rate hike as a competitive necessity that would allow it to [remain/keep] universal service , improve technology , and cover rising costs .

In setting up a world-vs.-Andy theme , the film exaggerates some of the lengths to which Kaufman would go to maintain his artistic integrity .
in setting up a world-vs.-andy theme , the film exaggerates some of the lengths to which kaufman would go to [remain/keep] his artistic integrity .

According to federal law , stations have to maintain open books showing who spent how much on political advertising .
according to federal law , stations have to [remain/keep] open books showing who spent how much on political advertising .

More than a quarter of Macau 's workforce is employed by the casino and gambling industries , and while gambling is illegal on the mainland , China 's promise to maintain the capitalist system in the territory for the next 50 years means that gambling will most likely remain the mainstay of Macau 's economy .
more than a quarter of macau 's workforce is employed by the casino and gambling industries , and while gambling is illegal on the mainland , china 's promise to [remain/keep] the capitalist system in the territory for the next 50 years means that gambling will most likely remain the mainstay of macau 's economy .

The wild measures Ripley takes to maintain the charade cause some critics to lose interest in the second half of the film : `` When Tom 's aberrant qualities become more dangerous , the movie loses its moorings and drifts into a sort of highly polished , implausible melodrama '' ( Desson Howe , the Washington Post ) .
the wild measures ripley takes to [remain/keep] the charade cause some critics to lose interest in the second half of the film : `` when tom 's aberrant qualities become more dangerous , the movie loses its moorings and drifts into a sort of highly polished , implausible melodrama '' ( desson howe , the washington post ) .

The radar gun was invented to allow civil engineers to determine `` 85 th percentile speed , '' or that speed that 85 percent of drivers will maintain on a given piece of road .
the radar gun was invented to allow civil engineers to determine `` 85 th percentile speed , '' or that speed that 85 percent of drivers will [remain/keep] on a given piece of road .

Would you seriously maintain that Rep. Watts would have been chosen to give the Republican response to President Clinton immediately after the 1994 election and to speak at the San Diego Convention in 1996 -- to name only a few of his honors and distinctions -- if he happened to be white ?
would you seriously [remain/keep] that rep. watts would have been chosen to give the republican response to president clinton immediately after the 1994 election and to speak at the san diego convention in 1996 -- to name only a few of his honors and distinctions -- if he happened to be white ?

Penguins and geese maintain same-sex matings for life .
penguins and geese [remain/keep] same-sex matings for life .

That 's my delightfully parochial view , an easy one to maintain because here in America we 're No .
that 's my delightfully parochial view , an easy one to [remain/keep] because here in america we 're no .

As a sage Jedi Master called Qui-Gon Jinn , Neeson must maintain a Zen-like detachment from the universe around him -- probably not a challenge when that universe will be added in later by computers .
as a sage jedi master called qui-gon jinn , neeson must [remain/keep] a zen-like detachment from the universe around him -- probably not a challenge when that universe will be added in later by computers .

The volunteers argue politely in chat rooms , maintain a sophisticated Web site , and encourage activism by Serbian expats .
the volunteers argue politely in chat rooms , [remain/keep] a sophisticated web site , and encourage activism by serbian expats .

Some companies maintain that an operating system contains any goddamn thing they want to put in it , thank you very much .
some companies [remain/keep] that an operating system contains any goddamn thing they want to put in it , thank you very much .

Skeptics maintain that the bombing is n't helping the Kosovars .
skeptics [remain/keep] that the bombing is n't helping the kosovars .

The increasing volume of international trade and investment does , other things being the same , make it more costly to maintain multiple currencies .
the increasing volume of international trade and investment does , other things being the same , make it more costly to [remain/keep] multiple currencies .

Bill Wyman asserted that Liz Phair is trying to maintain an indie sensibility while flirting with mainstream commercial music .
bill wyman asserted that liz phair is trying to [remain/keep] an indie sensibility while flirting with mainstream commercial music .

Thanks to current banking regulations , more than 85 percent of U.S. banks currently maintain KYC programs .
thanks to current banking regulations , more than 85 percent of u.s. banks currently [remain/keep] kyc programs .

I guess what I 'm trying to say is , if a person can maintain control of the situation , he should n't be found guilty of not operating according to the manual .
i guess what i 'm trying to say is , if a person can [remain/keep] control of the situation , he should n't be found guilty of not operating according to the manual .

The movie sets up the basic theme of Hughes ' subsequent -- and I would maintain all successful -- teen movies , which is to overthrow the stereotypes that comprise the basis of adolescent identity .
the movie sets up the basic theme of hughes ' subsequent -- and i would [remain/keep] all successful -- teen movies , which is to overthrow the stereotypes that comprise the basis of adolescent identity .

Let 's get him out so we can maintain what little credibility America has left .
let 's get him out so we can [remain/keep] what little credibility america has left .

If silence is golden , it is also sometimes the best way to maintain decorum .
if silence is golden , it is also sometimes the best way to [remain/keep] decorum .

Zionists also maintain that Jews became a lucrative market for Arab-manufactured goods .
zionists also [remain/keep] that jews became a lucrative market for arab-manufactured goods .

Since the lawyer was rarely at the scene of the crime , she can plausibly maintain that she does n't know for sure what happened -- and is therefore free to argue whatever version of events best suits her client .
since the lawyer was rarely at the scene of the crime , she can plausibly [remain/keep] that she does n't know for sure what happened -- and is therefore free to argue whatever version of events best suits her client .

If group preferences are wrong in principle , as these opponents maintain , none of their exceptions makes much sense .
if group preferences are wrong in principle , as these opponents [remain/keep] , none of their exceptions makes much sense .

We ultimately declined this opportunity , reasoning that we could not honestly maintain that publication in Britain was merely `` incidental , '' since the instant worldwide accessibility of Slate was , in fact , the whole point .
we ultimately declined this opportunity , reasoning that we could not honestly [remain/keep] that publication in britain was merely `` incidental , '' since the instant worldwide accessibility of slate was , in fact , the whole point .

The Democrats maintain that the Republicans ' increase in spending is below the rate of medical inflation ( the Republicans respond by pointing to the general rate of inflation ) .
the democrats [remain/keep] that the republicans ' increase in spending is below the rate of medical inflation ( the republicans respond by pointing to the general rate of inflation ) .

To maintain , then , as do Kutchins and Kirk , that `` having an operational procedure for determining whether a phenomenon belongs in a class , such as the checklist of symptoms in DSM , does not substantiate what that construct or class is , '' is to completely misunderstand how the DSM works .
to [remain/keep] , then , as do kutchins and kirk , that `` having an operational procedure for determining whether a phenomenon belongs in a class , such as the checklist of symptoms in dsm , does not substantiate what that construct or class is , '' is to completely misunderstand how the dsm works .

We would all feel oddly impoverished , I think , in a world where the occasional malpractice case was never passed off as a `` negative patient-care outcome '' or where the occasional plane crash was never described as a `` failure to maintain ground clearance . ''
we would all feel oddly impoverished , i think , in a world where the occasional malpractice case was never passed off as a `` negative patient-care outcome '' or where the occasional plane crash was never described as a `` failure to [remain/keep] ground clearance . ''

In the weeks ahead it will be important to maintain clear theological distinctions ( per the Encyclopedia ) among various kinds of lies .
in the weeks ahead it will be important to [remain/keep] clear theological distinctions ( per the encyclopedia ) among various kinds of lies .

USAT seems to maintain the most detachment from the hoopla , saying that the celebration capped `` a week of self-congratulation . ''
usat seems to [remain/keep] the most detachment from the hoopla , saying that the celebration capped `` a week of self-congratulation . ''

Today , we 'll tolerate almost any outrage as long as its perpetrators maintain the appearance of propriety .
today , we 'll tolerate almost any outrage as long as its perpetrators [remain/keep] the appearance of propriety .

It 's easy to understand why tobacco farmers want to maintain the status quo .
it 's easy to understand why tobacco farmers want to [remain/keep] the status quo .

School officials were unrepentant , defending their policy as a part of an effort to maintain `` safe , drug-free schools '' -- until Kimberly sued .
school officials were unrepentant , defending their policy as a part of an effort to [remain/keep] `` safe , drug-free schools '' -- until kimberly sued .

The LAT says that the speech was in its own way the ultimate impeachment defense : revealing Clinton to be a president focused on the issues people really care about , and hence might help him maintain the strong poll ratings that may be his ultimate lever with the senators sitting in judgment of him .
the lat says that the speech was in its own way the ultimate impeachment defense : revealing clinton to be a president focused on the issues people really care about , and hence might help him [remain/keep] the strong poll ratings that may be his ultimate lever with the senators sitting in judgment of him .

Latest news : The two girls ' respective guardians have agreed to maintain status quo and not swap their three-year-olds .
latest news : the two girls ' respective guardians have agreed to [remain/keep] status quo and not swap their three-year-olds .

A NYT front-page story keeps up the heat on U.S. officials who maintain that the Sudanese pharmaceutical plant was a legitimate target .
a nyt front-page story keeps up the heat on u.s. officials who [remain/keep] that the sudanese pharmaceutical plant was a legitimate target .

They operate through a low-profile network of doctors , nurses and midwives in such countries as India , Pakistan and Bangladesh , avoiding whatever meager regulatory mechanisms those countries maintain .
they operate through a low-profile network of doctors , nurses and midwives in such countries as india , pakistan and bangladesh , avoiding whatever meager regulatory mechanisms those countries [remain/keep] .

The top national story at the NYT and Los Angeles Times is the House vote , despite much previous conservative consternation , to maintain current levels of financial support for the National Endowment for the Arts .
the top national story at the nyt and los angeles times is the house vote , despite much previous conservative consternation , to [remain/keep] current levels of financial support for the national endowment for the arts .

On the other hand , a wino with an empty paper bag on a ramble to maintain his muscat level—now that has a touch of poetry .
on the other hand , a wino with an empty paper bag on a ramble to [remain/keep] his muscat level—now that has a touch of poetry .

Despite their often dry character , Hall 's works bear re-reading , not least because of his refusal to bewail the state of the language : No unprejudiced person , if he takes the trouble to observe and consider , can soberly maintain , that English is deteriorating .
despite their often dry character , hall 's works bear re-reading , not least because of his refusal to bewail the state of the language : no unprejudiced person , if he takes the trouble to observe and consider , can soberly [remain/keep] , that english is deteriorating .

The only words which imply some sort of relationship , either of location or utilization , between the Aborigines and the land are hunting ground ( it being observed in 1830 that the Natives are as tenacious of their hunting grounds as settlers are of their farms ) , the verb to fire , used with reference to the Aboriginal practice of setting fire to a tract of vegetation either to trap animals or to maintain grassland , and run and station .
the only words which imply some sort of relationship , either of location or utilization , between the aborigines and the land are hunting ground ( it being observed in 1830 that the natives are as tenacious of their hunting grounds as settlers are of their farms ) , the verb to fire , used with reference to the aboriginal practice of setting fire to a tract of vegetation either to trap animals or to [remain/keep] grassland , and run and station .

The first issue was mailed to 96 paid subscribers ; this issue will go to more than 7000 , including many outside the United States that are not numbered among those listed in the audited annual circulation report required by the Postal Service to maintain a Second Class mailing privilege .
the first issue was mailed to 96 paid subscribers ; this issue will go to more than 7000 , including many outside the united states that are not numbered among those listed in the audited annual circulation report required by the postal service to [remain/keep] a second class mailing privilege .

FRAMEWORK II is sold by Ashton-Tate , a silicon-valley concern that makes quite good programs but , like most of the software companies , produces such abominable manuals with directions for using the programs that they have to maintain a staff of several dozen “ technical personnel ” who are on duty about 12 hours a day , beginning at about six in the morning ( California time ) merely in order to answer the questions of confused customers .
framework ii is sold by ashton-tate , a silicon-valley concern that makes quite good programs but , like most of the software companies , produces such abominable manuals with directions for using the programs that they have to [remain/keep] a staff of several dozen “ technical personnel ” who are on duty about 12 hours a day , beginning at about six in the morning ( california time ) merely in order to answer the questions of confused customers .

To help maintain the required standards of blandness and inefficiency , the words situation and located must be used ( they would say utilized ) as often as possible .
to help [remain/keep] the required standards of blandness and inefficiency , the words situation and located must be used ( they would say utilized ) as often as possible .

This is not to say that newspapers do not maintain refreshingly cynical traditions -- if quietly .
this is not to say that newspapers do not [remain/keep] refreshingly cynical traditions -- if quietly .

These concerned sociologists and psychologists maintain that we Americans want not only beer that is low in calories , cigarettes that are low in tar , and foods that are low in substances such as salt , sugar , fat , and cholesterol ; we also want reduced-effort cures for our ailments , reduced-work jobs , and reduced-commitment relationships .
these concerned sociologists and psychologists [remain/keep] that we americans want not only beer that is low in calories , cigarettes that are low in tar , and foods that are low in substances such as salt , sugar , fat , and cholesterol ; we also want reduced-effort cures for our ailments , reduced-work jobs , and reduced-commitment relationships .

While it is not only scientific and scholarly but noble to maintain that such matters as pronunciation , usage , dialect , and other features are all part of the description of language and are neither good nor bad , the fact remains that using a dialect or speech pattern that is unacceptable to those who are giving out the jobs may mean that one either gets the job or not , other qualifications being equal , hence the scientific and scholarly considerations may be effectively put into their academic niches where they belong .
while it is not only scientific and scholarly but noble to [remain/keep] that such matters as pronunciation , usage , dialect , and other features are all part of the description of language and are neither good nor bad , the fact remains that using a dialect or speech pattern that is unacceptable to those who are giving out the jobs may mean that one either gets the job or not , other qualifications being equal , hence the scientific and scholarly considerations may be effectively put into their academic niches where they belong .

Even the formidable Duke of Edinburgh was heard to remark ruefully on an official visit to Papua New Guinea that it was very difficult to maintain a stiff upper lip when one was constantly being introduced as Whitefella Blongum Kween .
even the formidable duke of edinburgh was heard to remark ruefully on an official visit to papua new guinea that it was very difficult to [remain/keep] a stiff upper lip when one was constantly being introduced as whitefella blongum kween .

Other sources are not quite so outspoken ; Merriam-Webster dictionaries maintain that proper nouns are usually capitalized in English .
other sources are not quite so outspoken ; merriam-webster dictionaries [remain/keep] that proper nouns are usually capitalized in english .

Indeed , I would maintain that the language of sexual harassment reflects this ideological bias .
indeed , i would [remain/keep] that the language of sexual harassment reflects this ideological bias .

This is all the more astonishing when one considers that the publishers maintain full-time staffs of skilled lexicographers and editors to keep their dictionaries up to date by continuously monitoring both the language and other kinds of data , like population figures for geopolitical entries , death dates for biographical entries , etc .
this is all the more astonishing when one considers that the publishers [remain/keep] full-time staffs of skilled lexicographers and editors to keep their dictionaries up to date by continuously monitoring both the language and other kinds of data , like population figures for geopolitical entries , death dates for biographical entries , etc .

One can not have everything , and , as I sometimes maintain but rarely believe , a book should be reviewed for what it contains and not condemned for what it omits .
one can not have everything , and , as i sometimes [remain/keep] but rarely believe , a book should be reviewed for what it contains and not condemned for what it omits .

However , it would seem that , because of recent developments in court surface technology , lawn tennis , which up to 1975 was an umbrella designation for a game played on a variety of surfaces , should be restricted to the few remaining clubs , such as Wimbledon , that maintain grass courts .
however , it would seem that , because of recent developments in court surface technology , lawn tennis , which up to 1975 was an umbrella designation for a game played on a variety of surfaces , should be restricted to the few remaining clubs , such as wimbledon , that [remain/keep] grass courts .

Do they , as their supporters maintain , actually preserve the heritage of native tribes ?
do they , as their supporters [remain/keep] , actually preserve the heritage of native tribes ?

During the years 1897-99 , he and his identically monickered teammate , Charles “ Chief ” Zimmer , helped the Spiders maintain a league-wide reputation for rowdy , dust-raising , bowl-'em-over baseball .
during the years 1897-99 , he and his identically monickered teammate , charles “ chief ” zimmer , helped the spiders [remain/keep] a league-wide reputation for rowdy , dust-raising , bowl-'em-over baseball .

Boggy Hole Road it will probably remain , even though the name is proving expensive to maintain owing to the frequency with which its ( one ) identifying sign is filched by onomophilic souvenir hunters .
boggy hole road it will probably remain , even though the name is proving expensive to [remain/keep] owing to the frequency with which its ( one ) identifying sign is filched by onomophilic souvenir hunters .

The sentence Maintain runway heading is interpreted sometimes as meaning that the pilot maintain the heading indicated when lined up on the extended center line of the runway and sometimes as meaning that the pilot take a heading after liftoff to keep the aircraft traveling on that line .
the sentence [remain/keep] runway heading is interpreted sometimes as meaning that the pilot [remain/keep] the heading indicated when lined up on the extended center line of the runway and sometimes as meaning that the pilot take a heading after liftoff to keep the aircraft traveling on that line .

The diagnosis of Dementia is not made if these symptoms occur only in the presence of reduced ability to maintain or shift attention to external stimuli , as in Delirium ; however , Delirium and Dementia may coexist ... an underlying causative organic factor is always assumed ... Dementia may be progressive , static , or remitting ...
the diagnosis of dementia is not made if these symptoms occur only in the presence of reduced ability to [remain/keep] or shift attention to external stimuli , as in delirium ; however , delirium and dementia may coexist ... an underlying causative organic factor is always assumed ... dementia may be progressive , static , or remitting ...

Consequently , I did not expect much when I looked up my favorite entry , horse latitudes , for which Jeans repeats the conventional theory ( to the effect that the Spaniards used to throw starving horses overboard when they were becalmed , which I maintain to be an incredibly poor fiction ) ; he also brings in Golfo de las Yeguas gulf of mares , which I have been able to find , with the help of the Royal Geographical Society , only inland in Spain .
consequently , i did not expect much when i looked up my favorite entry , horse latitudes , for which jeans repeats the conventional theory ( to the effect that the spaniards used to throw starving horses overboard when they were becalmed , which i [remain/keep] to be an incredibly poor fiction ) ; he also brings in golfo de las yeguas gulf of mares , which i have been able to find , with the help of the royal geographical society , only inland in spain .

I maintain that those two choices are merely misunderstood expressions , derived from trying to make sense out of auditory confusion rather than being the result of slouchy verbal vapors .
i [remain/keep] that those two choices are merely misunderstood expressions , derived from trying to make sense out of auditory confusion rather than being the result of slouchy verbal vapors .

I maintain it is not Slurvian at all .
i [remain/keep] it is not slurvian at all .

To those who maintain , “ Everybody knows that , ” I reply that if that is the case , then why bother buying or publishing dictionaries -- or , for that matter , anything else -- at all ?
to those who [remain/keep] , “ everybody knows that , ” i reply that if that is the case , then why bother buying or publishing dictionaries -- or , for that matter , anything else -- at all ?

Most style books stoutly maintain media is a plural noun , period .
most style books stoutly [remain/keep] media is a plural noun , period .

Maledicta is not for everyone 's taste , and some may even go so far as to maintain that the subject of its attention is not a valid one for investigation .
maledicta is not for everyone 's taste , and some may even go so far as to [remain/keep] that the subject of its attention is not a valid one for investigation .

Framework is sold by Ashton-Tate , a Silicon-Valley concern that makes quite good programs but , like most of the “ software ” companies , produces such abominable manuals with directions for using the programs that they have to maintain a staff of several dozen “ technical personnel ” who are on duty about 12 hours a day beginning at six in the morning ( California time ) merely in order to answer the questions of confused customers .
framework is sold by ashton-tate , a silicon-valley concern that makes quite good programs but , like most of the “ software ” companies , produces such abominable manuals with directions for using the programs that they have to [remain/keep] a staff of several dozen “ technical personnel ” who are on duty about 12 hours a day beginning at six in the morning ( california time ) merely in order to answer the questions of confused customers .

It is wondrous the way French is able to maintain its position as the language of style and status , at least throughout the Western world .
it is wondrous the way french is able to [remain/keep] its position as the language of style and status , at least throughout the western world .

