The Chinese emperor , by proper observance of ritual , manifested divine powers .
the chinese emperor , by proper observance of ritual , [showed] divine powers .

The anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power .
the anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor [showed] his power .

During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment -- and the bitterest irony -- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : the atom bomb .
during the next five years liberal leaders in the united states sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and [showed] in a negative policy of containment -- and the bitterest irony -- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : the atom bomb .

On these pillars rested that solid basis for life and thought which was soon to be manifested in the remarkably unlimited ken of the Iliad .
on these pillars rested that solid basis for life and thought which was soon to be [showed] in the remarkably unlimited ken of the iliad .

The `` Poems of 1912 - 13 '' offer a good example of Hardy's style as it was manifested in the later productive decade .
the `` poems of 1912 - 13 '' offer a good example of hardy's style as it was [showed] in the later productive decade .

Alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who , for all his care , manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled .
alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who , for all his care , [showed] a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled .

By now , too , rapid and exceptional rainfall runoff and snowmelt had manifested itself as severe , widespread flooding affecting the valleys of the River Tay and its tributaries .
by now , too , rapid and exceptional rainfall runoff and snowmelt had [showed] itself as severe , widespread flooding affecting the valleys of the river tay and its tributaries .

The critique of functionalism led writers to stress the ‘ relative autonomy ’ of the capitalist state , manifested in its existence as a set of institutions separate from the classes of civil society .
the critique of functionalism led writers to stress the ‘ relative autonomy ’ of the capitalist state , [showed] in its existence as a set of institutions separate from the classes of civil society .

The consensual politics of the transition was manifested in a number of national compacts involving at different times government , opposition parties ( including the Spanish communist party ) , national unions and employers .
the consensual politics of the transition was [showed] in a number of national compacts involving at different times government , opposition parties ( including the spanish communist party ) , national unions and employers .

Public enterprises , because they are subject to political control , are at most only partially affected by the discipline of the market ; as manifested , for example , in the often quoted platitude that public enterprises do not go bankrupt ( e.g .
public enterprises , because they are subject to political control , are at most only partially affected by the discipline of the market ; as [showed] , for example , in the often quoted platitude that public enterprises do not go bankrupt ( e.g .

In both countries , the class relations that gave rise to nationalization have been reflected in the continuing ethos of ‘ progressive ’ public sector industrial relations and the notion of the ‘ good employer ’ , manifested in relatively good sick pay and pensions , ‘ humane ’ handling of redundancy , and so on .
in both countries , the class relations that gave rise to nationalization have been reflected in the continuing ethos of ‘ progressive ’ public sector industrial relations and the notion of the ‘ good employer ’ , [showed] in relatively good sick pay and pensions , ‘ humane ’ handling of redundancy , and so on .

The difficulties raised by full employment manifested themselves most obviously in accelerating inflation .
the difficulties raised by full employment [showed] themselves most obviously in accelerating inflation .

This was manifested in a number of ways , particularly in that pupils still in their second year in the mixed ability classes would be talking about playing with their friends , and generally their attitudes towards the teenage culture of pop music and magazines and fashions and discotheques did n't seem to develop so quickly as it had in the streamed situation .
this was [showed] in a number of ways , particularly in that pupils still in their second year in the mixed ability classes would be talking about playing with their friends , and generally their attitudes towards the teenage culture of pop music and magazines and fashions and discotheques did n't seem to develop so quickly as it had in the streamed situation .

That could be erm manifested in an inability to be assertive in an adult in adult life .
that could be erm [showed] in an inability to be assertive in an adult in adult life .

To be sure , the characterisations are low key , but in other pix they have manifested depth , plot propulsion and story meaning .
to be sure , the characterisations are low key , but in other pix they have [showed] depth , plot propulsion and story meaning .

Chemical bonds and chemical reactions depend on these electrical forces ; all chemical reactions are , in essence , reorganizations of electrical forces , and these continue to be vital at cellular , tissue , organ and total body levels , being manifested in the electrical charges detectable on cell membranes , all the way from simple cells to muscles and nerves .
chemical bonds and chemical reactions depend on these electrical forces ; all chemical reactions are , in essence , reorganizations of electrical forces , and these continue to be vital at cellular , tissue , organ and total body levels , being [showed] in the electrical charges detectable on cell membranes , all the way from simple cells to muscles and nerves .

One 's religious beliefs , therefore , may be manifested but not , it would seem , by human sacrifice .
one 's religious beliefs , therefore , may be [showed] but not , it would seem , by human sacrifice .

In addition , the team will do well if the Holy Spirit is manifested through wisdom , knowledge , faith , healing , miracles , discernment of spirits , prophecy , tongues and interpretation ( 1 Corinthians 12 : 8–12 ) .
in addition , the team will do well if the holy spirit is [showed] through wisdom , knowledge , faith , healing , miracles , discernment of spirits , prophecy , tongues and interpretation ( 1 corinthians 12 : 8–12 ) .

Gradually she reentered the real world , manifested in the small noises of the night , the moan of the wind in the chimneys , the smoothness of the sheet in her clutching hands , the unnaturally loud ticking of her watch and , above all , in that oblong of pale light , the open casement and the drawn curtains which gave her a view of the faintly luminous star-studded sky .
gradually she reentered the real world , [showed] in the small noises of the night , the moan of the wind in the chimneys , the smoothness of the sheet in her clutching hands , the unnaturally loud ticking of her watch and , above all , in that oblong of pale light , the open casement and the drawn curtains which gave her a view of the faintly luminous star-studded sky .

It manifested itself in pedestrianised town centres and neighbourhood centres , in Radburn type housing layouts , by the provision of a direct footpath system quite separate from , and more direct than , the roads , and by bridges or underpasses where footpaths crossed the distributor roads .
it [showed] itself in pedestrianised town centres and neighbourhood centres , in radburn type housing layouts , by the provision of a direct footpath system quite separate from , and more direct than , the roads , and by bridges or underpasses where footpaths crossed the distributor roads .

In this section we consider some equalities and inequalities as they are manifested in relation to education .
in this section we consider some equalities and inequalities as they are [showed] in relation to education .

This is where some fault or other has manifested itself sufficiently to affect the flight , though the critical event might have happened quite a long time before and been ‘ cooking up ’ until the divergence took place .
this is where some fault or other has [showed] itself sufficiently to affect the flight , though the critical event might have happened quite a long time before and been ‘ cooking up ’ until the divergence took place .

Sometimes it is manifested in an exaggeration of previous dependency when problems arise ; sometimes , with strangers , excessive expectations of and need for support arise from these earlier relationships ( 'My husband waited on me hand and foot . '
sometimes it is [showed] in an exaggeration of previous dependency when problems arise ; sometimes , with strangers , excessive expectations of and need for support arise from these earlier relationships ( 'my husband waited on me hand and foot . '

At a social level , prisons are ghettos for one portion of our collective Shadow , as manifested in the world .
at a social level , prisons are ghettos for one portion of our collective shadow , as [showed] in the world .

He added , though , that there were no guidelines to cover the situation which had manifested itself in Orkney , and even if the council had formally adopted written guidelines , they would not have been appropriate in the circumstances .
he added , though , that there were no guidelines to cover the situation which had [showed] itself in orkney , and even if the council had formally adopted written guidelines , they would not have been appropriate in the circumstances .

Finn married a witch called Saar , who usually manifested herself as a deer .
finn married a witch called saar , who usually [showed] herself as a deer .

At the central Borestone mound round which the most important pavilions were pitched , a group of leaders conferred , and it was here that the impatience was manifested — especially by Sir William Douglas .
at the central borestone mound round which the most important pavilions were pitched , a group of leaders conferred , and it was here that the impatience was [showed] — especially by sir william douglas .

Opposition also began to mount among concerned citizens of the area , an opposition which manifested itself both individually and through the Ringaskiddy Residents ' Association , formed two years previously , which had not involved itself in any controversy over previous planning applications for industrial projects in the area .
opposition also began to mount among concerned citizens of the area , an opposition which [showed] itself both individually and through the ringaskiddy residents ' association , formed two years previously , which had not involved itself in any controversy over previous planning applications for industrial projects in the area .

Bryan Wilson ( 1970 ) has contributed some very useful sub-divisions of the sect category and various sociologists have tried to classify the new religions that have emerged during the second half of the present century in an attempt to find some order in the enormous variety of beliefs , practices and organisations that are manifested in these movements ( eg Beckford , 1985 ; Wallis , 1983 ) .
bryan wilson ( 1970 ) has contributed some very useful sub-divisions of the sect category and various sociologists have tried to classify the new religions that have emerged during the second half of the present century in an attempt to find some order in the enormous variety of beliefs , practices and organisations that are [showed] in these movements ( eg beckford , 1985 ; wallis , 1983 ) .

However , she felt that this manifested itself nor only in the kinds of statements made and questions posed in interviews but also in day-to-day work in the school .
however , she felt that this [showed] itself nor only in the kinds of statements made and questions posed in interviews but also in day-to-day work in the school .

Subjectivity is in any case incompletely manifested in behaviours .
subjectivity is in any case incompletely [showed] in behaviours .

In the past 30 to 40 years or so , one of the ways that interest in Old rose types has been manifested has been the crossing of modern hybrid varieties directly with old varieties and species .
in the past 30 to 40 years or so , one of the ways that interest in old rose types has been [showed] has been the crossing of modern hybrid varieties directly with old varieties and species .

This is manifested in a strong desire to break away from corporate environments seen as financially restrictive , especially those businesses which are obviously very profitable but where the profits are not fairly shared out among those who are helping to generate them .
this is [showed] in a strong desire to break away from corporate environments seen as financially restrictive , especially those businesses which are obviously very profitable but where the profits are not fairly shared out among those who are helping to generate them .

The colonial development manifested itself in three ways : the spread of Minoan artistic and cultural influences , the diffusion of exported Minoan products , and the establishment of Minoan settlements beyond the Cretan shores .
the colonial development [showed] itself in three ways : the spread of minoan artistic and cultural influences , the diffusion of exported minoan products , and the establishment of minoan settlements beyond the cretan shores .

We may eventually come to think in terms of a Minoan Universal Spirit , which manifested itself in many different transformations , each with a different name , character , and function , and which yet somehow was regarded as a single deity .
we may eventually come to think in terms of a minoan universal spirit , which [showed] itself in many different transformations , each with a different name , character , and function , and which yet somehow was regarded as a single deity .

At least one deity manifested in the form of a bird .
at least one deity [showed] in the form of a bird .

Practices such as witchcraft are treated as the outcome of structural features , filtered through the unconscious , and manifested in uncontrolled expressions of fear , guilt or frustration .
practices such as witchcraft are treated as the outcome of structural features , filtered through the unconscious , and [showed] in uncontrolled expressions of fear , guilt or frustration .

Kenny disagrees : ‘ Anthropomorphism comes in only if we attribute to [ animals ] concepts whose possession can not be manifested by recognition and non-verbal reaction ‘ ( 1975 : 51 ) .
kenny disagrees : ‘ anthropomorphism comes in only if we attribute to [ animals ] concepts whose possession can not be [showed] by recognition and non-verbal reaction ‘ ( 1975 : 51 ) .

If animals , particularly mature birds and the higher mammals , are taken as possessing more or less the full range of human capacities , with the exception perhaps of moral agency , and if the only dissimilarity is that the capacities are manifested in more limited ways , then there will be an almost irresistible temptation to give them moral status approaching that of recently discovered Stone Age tribes such as the Dani of Irian Jaya .
if animals , particularly mature birds and the higher mammals , are taken as possessing more or less the full range of human capacities , with the exception perhaps of moral agency , and if the only dissimilarity is that the capacities are [showed] in more limited ways , then there will be an almost irresistible temptation to give them moral status approaching that of recently discovered stone age tribes such as the dani of irian jaya .

In all industrialised nations such strained relationships are no more publicly evident than in the regular conflicts between workforce and management , where poor industrial relations are so often manifested in disputes and-strikes .
in all industrialised nations such strained relationships are no more publicly evident than in the regular conflicts between workforce and management , where poor industrial relations are so often [showed] in disputes and-strikes .

It can be overcome only by constant and constantly renewed efforts to disrupt the reified structure of existence by concretely relating to the concretely manifested contradictions of the total development , by becoming conscious of the immanent meanings of these contradictions for total development .
it can be overcome only by constant and constantly renewed efforts to disrupt the reified structure of existence by concretely relating to the concretely [showed] contradictions of the total development , by becoming conscious of the immanent meanings of these contradictions for total development .

Manifested here are three examples of analogical inheritance along the f , g , and h functions :
[showed] here are three examples of analogical inheritance along the f , g , and h functions :

Another possibility is that the two deuterium nuclei combine to form helium-4 ; here again the mass of helium-4 is less than the combined masses of two deuterium nuclei and the ‘ spare ’ mass is manifested as electromagnetic radiation far beyond the visible spectrum and known as a gamma ray ( denoted by γ ) .
another possibility is that the two deuterium nuclei combine to form helium-4 ; here again the mass of helium-4 is less than the combined masses of two deuterium nuclei and the ‘ spare ’ mass is [showed] as electromagnetic radiation far beyond the visible spectrum and known as a gamma ray ( denoted by γ ) .

Balance or ‘ dharma ’ throughout the manifested universe presupposes an opposition between two forces , i.e .
balance or ‘ dharma ’ throughout the [showed] universe presupposes an opposition between two forces , i.e .

When manifested , these forces become in scientific terms ‘ magnetism ’ and ‘ electricity ’ .
when [showed] , these forces become in scientific terms ‘ magnetism ’ and ‘ electricity ’ .

Maharishi Yogi identified it as ‘ the creative field of intelligence from which all knowledge and all possibilities for physical existence is manifested . ’
maharishi yogi identified it as ‘ the creative field of intelligence from which all knowledge and all possibilities for physical existence is [showed] . ’

Akasha means unmanifested light , space or vacuity , whereas Kasha is manifested light or electro-magnetism .
akasha means unmanifested light , space or vacuity , whereas kasha is [showed] light or electro-magnetism .

This control , according to Willis , is manifested in the fact that the men organize production in a greater measure than ever before .
this control , according to willis , is [showed] in the fact that the men organize production in a greater measure than ever before .

Male broodiness is not manifested in the need to make a child but in the need men have to remake themselves . By John Diamond
male broodiness is not [showed] in the need to make a child but in the need men have to remake themselves . by john diamond

Is it to do with the syntactic structure or to the way in which this structure is lexically manifested ?
is it to do with the syntactic structure or to the way in which this structure is lexically [showed] ?

Perhaps the most interesting property of InsP 3 -induced calcium mobilization is its all-or-none property manifested as a sudden and near-maximal release of calcium if the level of InsP 3 is gradually increased through injection or by flash photolysis of caged InsP 3 ( ref .
perhaps the most interesting property of insp 3 -induced calcium mobilization is its all-or-none property [showed] as a sudden and near-maximal release of calcium if the level of insp 3 is gradually increased through injection or by flash photolysis of caged insp 3 ( ref .

These are manifested by hot-spring sinters , silica veins and associated hydrothermal alteration .
these are [showed] by hot-spring sinters , silica veins and associated hydrothermal alteration .

The Church rejoiced in its ‘ unity in diversity ’ manifested in the various rites that witnessed to the richness of ‘ catholicity ’ ( so often reduced to bland uniformity ) .
the church rejoiced in its ‘ unity in diversity ’ [showed] in the various rites that witnessed to the richness of ‘ catholicity ’ ( so often reduced to bland uniformity ) .

It is certainly the case that sentencing practice to the present day has manifested an uneasy and uneven relationship between the two .
it is certainly the case that sentencing practice to the present day has [showed] an uneasy and uneven relationship between the two .

Before considering how ( and how far ) these three features are actually manifested in the different positivist theories , there are two other contingent and interdependent features that Jeffery ( and Matza following him ) pick on as of central significance to the positivist programme : the shift of focus from crime to the criminal , and the quest for a universal , objective category of ‘ criminal ’ behaviour .
before considering how ( and how far ) these three features are actually [showed] in the different positivist theories , there are two other contingent and interdependent features that jeffery ( and matza following him ) pick on as of central significance to the positivist programme : the shift of focus from crime to the criminal , and the quest for a universal , objective category of ‘ criminal ’ behaviour .

Having outlined the key features that have been used to distinguish positivist criminology , in its wider sense , it remains to consider the manner in which they have actually been manifested in the different causal theories that have been proposed .
having outlined the key features that have been used to distinguish positivist criminology , in its wider sense , it remains to consider the manner in which they have actually been [showed] in the different causal theories that have been proposed .

Loosely linked to it were the emerging environmentalist movements ( the link being forged by a deep suspicion of advanced technology which had raised the spectre of nuclear holocaust and then manifested itself in the devastation inflicted on Vietnam ) .
loosely linked to it were the emerging environmentalist movements ( the link being forged by a deep suspicion of advanced technology which had raised the spectre of nuclear holocaust and then [showed] itself in the devastation inflicted on vietnam ) .

The reason they do this is to divert attention from the real problem — the crisis of capitalism manifested in economic failure and unrest ( see , for example , Hall et al .
the reason they do this is to divert attention from the real problem — the crisis of capitalism [showed] in economic failure and unrest ( see , for example , hall et al .

Taylor and Ford ( 1983 : 183 ) note that ‘ the distinction between the ’ young ’ and the ‘ old ’ elderly is now commonplace ' and suggest that this is manifested in , among other factors , the greater likelihood that the old elderly live in poor housing and that they have incomes below or near the supplementary-benefit rate .
taylor and ford ( 1983 : 183 ) note that ‘ the distinction between the ’ young ’ and the ‘ old ’ elderly is now commonplace ' and suggest that this is [showed] in , among other factors , the greater likelihood that the old elderly live in poor housing and that they have incomes below or near the supplementary-benefit rate .

Current employment is one important factor affecting the disposable income of elderly people , but the influence of the labour market is still manifested , even in retirement , through the role of occupational pensions .
current employment is one important factor affecting the disposable income of elderly people , but the influence of the labour market is still [showed] , even in retirement , through the role of occupational pensions .

Thus the conventions expressed a provincial assertiveness and dissatisfaction at both parliamentary manoeuvre and the sense of apartness manifested by Buxton in his parliamentary role .
thus the conventions expressed a provincial assertiveness and dissatisfaction at both parliamentary manoeuvre and the sense of apartness [showed] by buxton in his parliamentary role .

Past history is thus significant as the occasion by which we have been enabled to see what otherwise we might have failed to grasp ; but the real content of the revelation is in principle detachable from the particular history through which it has been manifested .
past history is thus significant as the occasion by which we have been enabled to see what otherwise we might have failed to grasp ; but the real content of the revelation is in principle detachable from the particular history through which it has been [showed] .

The abundance of energy , commitment and enthusiasm many black kids manifested in sport contrasted strikingly with the languor they took to their formal education .
the abundance of energy , commitment and enthusiasm many black kids [showed] in sport contrasted strikingly with the languor they took to their formal education .

Improvements in the general conditions of blacks had taken place between Johnson 's era , when white supremacist groups like the Ku Klux Klan articulated deeply-held sentiments , when at least three hundred and fifty blacks were illegally lynched and mixed marriages were forbidden , and that of Ali , when conflict manifested itself in the Watts riots and radicalism came in the form of the black power movements .
improvements in the general conditions of blacks had taken place between johnson 's era , when white supremacist groups like the ku klux klan articulated deeply-held sentiments , when at least three hundred and fifty blacks were illegally lynched and mixed marriages were forbidden , and that of ali , when conflict [showed] itself in the watts riots and radicalism came in the form of the black power movements .

It is not so curious then that blacks have manifested a predilection for sport and have achieved high orders of success in their chosen disciplines .
it is not so curious then that blacks have [showed] a predilection for sport and have achieved high orders of success in their chosen disciplines .

Aggression resulting from the dog 's , guarding instincts is manifested in various ways .
aggression resulting from the dog 's , guarding instincts is [showed] in various ways .

These themes infuse cultural beliefs and values , individual cognitive and affective orientations , and the institutional orders within which these are manifested .
these themes infuse cultural beliefs and values , individual cognitive and affective orientations , and the institutional orders within which these are [showed] .

In the day-to-day world of human interactions , this is expressed most clearly in the symbolic equivalence of food and nurturance as manifested in the ethic and practice of food sharing .
in the day-to-day world of human interactions , this is expressed most clearly in the symbolic equivalence of food and nurturance as [showed] in the ethic and practice of food sharing .

Emotional isolation is also manifested in a rather high level of insecurity in the relationships between husbands and wives .
emotional isolation is also [showed] in a rather high level of insecurity in the relationships between husbands and wives .

Such characteristics , in effect , either prevent social relations from being established or , whenever manifested through behaviour , they cut them off .
such characteristics , in effect , either prevent social relations from being established or , whenever [showed] through behaviour , they cut them off .

The precise form this differentiation takes varies from community to community ; for example it is likely to be manifested differently in pre- and post-industrial societies and to vary in accordance with culturally determined roles assigned by societies ( see Coates 1986 for a general discussion of the issues ) .
the precise form this differentiation takes varies from community to community ; for example it is likely to be [showed] differently in pre- and post-industrial societies and to vary in accordance with culturally determined roles assigned by societies ( see coates 1986 for a general discussion of the issues ) .

This right of control is manifested in , among other situations , the consignor 's retrieval of goods from the carrier or the carrier 's warehousing agent and in the consignor 's instruction to refrain from delivering to the named consignee or to deliver to another consignee .
this right of control is [showed] in , among other situations , the consignor 's retrieval of goods from the carrier or the carrier 's warehousing agent and in the consignor 's instruction to refrain from delivering to the named consignee or to deliver to another consignee .

This is manifested in big tripod-cauldrons and in statuettes , sometimes adornments of cauldrons , sometimes independent .
this is [showed] in big tripod-cauldrons and in statuettes , sometimes adornments of cauldrons , sometimes independent .

For if the human mind is modified , in and through social development , it is a necessary emphasis of social studies to examine the cultural forms — for Vico , notably , language — through which social development is manifested .
for if the human mind is modified , in and through social development , it is a necessary emphasis of social studies to examine the cultural forms — for vico , notably , language — through which social development is [showed] .

those not based on formal membership or any sustained collective public manifestation , but in which there is conscious association or group identification , either informally or occasionally manifested , or at times limited to immediate working or more general relations .
those not based on formal membership or any sustained collective public manifestation , but in which there is conscious association or group identification , either informally or occasionally [showed] , or at times limited to immediate working or more general relations .

But when a suitable issue presents itself these underlying feelings easily become manifested , often to the surprise and consternation of the new village-dwellers .
but when a suitable issue presents itself these underlying feelings easily become [showed] , often to the surprise and consternation of the new village-dwellers .

Once the assumptions of the perfect market model are dropped it becomes clear that they have the capacity to safeguard these interests , manifested in a sluggishness of response , if not outright resistance , to changes in what consumers actually want , or might want if they were aware of the full range of possible alternatives .
once the assumptions of the perfect market model are dropped it becomes clear that they have the capacity to safeguard these interests , [showed] in a sluggishness of response , if not outright resistance , to changes in what consumers actually want , or might want if they were aware of the full range of possible alternatives .

For these students , this was manifested by a decision not to continue with physics at postgraduate level .
for these students , this was [showed] by a decision not to continue with physics at postgraduate level .

comes to individuals through institutional practices , though the role of region is not inevitably manifested in the lifeworlds of all individuals .
comes to individuals through institutional practices , though the role of region is not inevitably [showed] in the lifeworlds of all individuals .

Before focusing on the way in which educational accountability has manifested itself in evaluation procedures we want to spend a little time exploring this more general picture .
before focusing on the way in which educational accountability has [showed] itself in evaluation procedures we want to spend a little time exploring this more general picture .

It is less clear , however , to what extent and in what ways this broad division has actually manifested itself in the classroom and in internal school debates and policies , and in local authority policies .
it is less clear , however , to what extent and in what ways this broad division has actually [showed] itself in the classroom and in internal school debates and policies , and in local authority policies .

One of them , Machik , ‘ manifested great inventiveness , cunning and insidiousness in his struggle against the Russian authorities , and the voevody could not take him at his word ’ .
one of them , machik , ‘ [showed] great inventiveness , cunning and insidiousness in his struggle against the russian authorities , and the voevody could not take him at his word ’ .

There is the discourse of the narrator , who may be a character or an authorial persona , who , if the latter , may be covert or overt ; and there are the discourses of the represented characters , as manifested in their direct speech , or what we usually call ‘ dialogue ’ , and as manifested in the representation of their thoughts through soliloquy , reported speech , free indirect style , interior monologue and so on .
there is the discourse of the narrator , who may be a character or an authorial persona , who , if the latter , may be covert or overt ; and there are the discourses of the represented characters , as [showed] in their direct speech , or what we usually call ‘ dialogue ’ , and as [showed] in the representation of their thoughts through soliloquy , reported speech , free indirect style , interior monologue and so on .

Where he is the occupier of premises in or on which the chattels ( not attached to the premises ) are found and , before the finding ‘ he has manifested an intention to exercise control over the [ premises ] and the things which may be upon it or in it ’ .
where he is the occupier of premises in or on which the chattels ( not attached to the premises ) are found and , before the finding ‘ he has [showed] an intention to exercise control over the [ premises ] and the things which may be upon it or in it ’ .

Professional views of mental illness , especially when manifested in the public realm , continue to be based on nineteenth century ideas about madness as something that should be brought under control and removed from the public gaze .
professional views of mental illness , especially when [showed] in the public realm , continue to be based on nineteenth century ideas about madness as something that should be brought under control and removed from the public gaze .

Its strength was a nose for commerce which soon manifested itself , so that by the twelfth century , the authority of an effete aristocracy began to dwindle as the power of the merchants correspondingly grew .
its strength was a nose for commerce which soon [showed] itself , so that by the twelfth century , the authority of an effete aristocracy began to dwindle as the power of the merchants correspondingly grew .

Massey agrees that the fate of entities which are part of large spatially diverse enterprises can be related to explicit planning decisions , but considers that it is dangerous to somehow regard such actions as ‘ worse ’ than the consequences of the anonymous system forces of capitalism as manifested through market relations .
massey agrees that the fate of entities which are part of large spatially diverse enterprises can be related to explicit planning decisions , but considers that it is dangerous to somehow regard such actions as ‘ worse ’ than the consequences of the anonymous system forces of capitalism as [showed] through market relations .

It is , similarly , often argued that the racism manifested by the central institutions of British society is actually due to the activities of a few individuals — the rotten apples .
it is , similarly , often argued that the racism [showed] by the central institutions of british society is actually due to the activities of a few individuals — the rotten apples .

The racism of British society is manifested in a number of ways including employment , housing , in treatment by the police , trade unions and physical assault .
the racism of british society is [showed] in a number of ways including employment , housing , in treatment by the police , trade unions and physical assault .

They define privatization as a process ‘ manifested in a pattern of social life which is centred on , and indeed largely restricted to , the home and the conjugal family ’ ( p. 97 ) .
they define privatization as a process ‘ [showed] in a pattern of social life which is centred on , and indeed largely restricted to , the home and the conjugal family ’ ( p. 97 ) .

They certainly express viewpoints which find echoes among his contemporaries and they are not out of key with what we know of his character and of his piety , which was manifested in his crusading enthusiasm , the expulsion of the Jews , the Eleanor crosses , the foundation of Vale Royal abbey and his almsgiving .
they certainly express viewpoints which find echoes among his contemporaries and they are not out of key with what we know of his character and of his piety , which was [showed] in his crusading enthusiasm , the expulsion of the jews , the eleanor crosses , the foundation of vale royal abbey and his almsgiving .

The newly arrived archbishop quickly manifested his reforming zeal by convening a provincial council at Reading in 1279 at which he proceeded to publish the decrees of the Council of Lyons against pluralism and nonresidence , and to condemn royal encroachments on the church 's liberties .
the newly arrived archbishop quickly [showed] his reforming zeal by convening a provincial council at reading in 1279 at which he proceeded to publish the decrees of the council of lyons against pluralism and nonresidence , and to condemn royal encroachments on the church 's liberties .

While the formal approach has a long tradition , manifested in innumerable volumes of grammar , the functional approach is less well documented .
while the formal approach has a long tradition , [showed] in innumerable volumes of grammar , the functional approach is less well documented .

Two great , but quite contrasting , literary loves manifested themselves early on , both of which were to have an influence on his later Doctor Who career .
two great , but quite contrasting , literary loves [showed] themselves early on , both of which were to have an influence on his later doctor who career .

Then again , perhaps rough , tough Spacefleet troopers manifested peculiarly understated displays of romantic love .
then again , perhaps rough , tough spacefleet troopers [showed] peculiarly understated displays of romantic love .

While he manifested his inner restlessness in a constant repertoire of ticks , gestures and an impression of perpetual motion , she radiated a stolid sense of calm .
while he [showed] his inner restlessness in a constant repertoire of ticks , gestures and an impression of perpetual motion , she radiated a stolid sense of calm .

‘ The result is : ( 1 ) That this Act does not necessarily require anything to be done under it which might not be done without causing a nuisance ; ( 2 ) That as to those things which may or may not be under it , there is no evidence on the face of the Act that the legislature supposed it to be impossible for any of them to be done ( if they were done at all ) somewhere and under some circumstances , without creating a nuisance ; and ( 3 ) That the legislature has manifested no intention that any of these optional powers , as to asylums , should be exercised at the expense of , or so as to interfere with , any man 's private rights .
‘ the result is : ( 1 ) that this act does not necessarily require anything to be done under it which might not be done without causing a nuisance ; ( 2 ) that as to those things which may or may not be under it , there is no evidence on the face of the act that the legislature supposed it to be impossible for any of them to be done ( if they were done at all ) somewhere and under some circumstances , without creating a nuisance ; and ( 3 ) that the legislature has [showed] no intention that any of these optional powers , as to asylums , should be exercised at the expense of , or so as to interfere with , any man 's private rights .

In the Old Testament , as we have seen , the Spirit of God was manifested in a variety of ways — strength , wisdom , ecstasy , even frenzy being attributed to the wind or Spirit of Yahweh .
in the old testament , as we have seen , the spirit of god was [showed] in a variety of ways — strength , wisdom , ecstasy , even frenzy being attributed to the wind or spirit of yahweh .

It is simply due to the fact that the diffused , little defined , fitfully manifested and sometimes sub-personal presence of God as Spirit which we found in the Old Testament , becomes clearly focused for the first time in Jesus of Nazareth .
it is simply due to the fact that the diffused , little defined , fitfully [showed] and sometimes sub-personal presence of god as spirit which we found in the old testament , becomes clearly focused for the first time in jesus of nazareth .

No longer fitfully manifested , the Spirit rests upon him with unwithdrawn steadiness .
no longer fitfully [showed] , the spirit rests upon him with unwithdrawn steadiness .

But it was not instrumental music per se that gave Italy its centuries of primacy , though it contributed to the main form in which that primacy was manifested ; it was the continuing drive to make music express poetic texts .
but it was not instrumental music per se that gave italy its centuries of primacy , though it contributed to the main form in which that primacy was [showed] ; it was the continuing drive to make music express poetic texts .

The ‘ adaptive information ’ manifested in behaviour can , however , be described as inherited , because it is due to the action of natural selection over many generations .
the ‘ adaptive information ’ [showed] in behaviour can , however , be described as inherited , because it is due to the action of natural selection over many generations .

The child manifested in the cold street .
the child [showed] in the cold street .

This has manifested itself in three ways .
this has [showed] itself in three ways .

This diversity of view is manifested in Smith v. East Elloe Rural District Council in which their Lordships adopted a variety of views as to the meaning of ‘ not within the powers of this Act .
this diversity of view is [showed] in smith v. east elloe rural district council in which their lordships adopted a variety of views as to the meaning of ‘ not within the powers of this act .

In this way , researchers can never explain why it is that wants or preferences manifested by individuals in social and political action are originally formed .
in this way , researchers can never explain why it is that wants or preferences [showed] by individuals in social and political action are originally formed .

However , it should also be pointed out that the ‘ boss ’ view of headship manifested itself in a continuum of behaviour ranging from the clubbable to the autocratic or even tyrannical , with various shades of paternalism/maternalism in between .
however , it should also be pointed out that the ‘ boss ’ view of headship [showed] itself in a continuum of behaviour ranging from the clubbable to the autocratic or even tyrannical , with various shades of paternalism/maternalism in between .

Differences of value-orientation may be manifested in contrasting levels of commitment and readiness to cross picket lines .
differences of value-orientation may be [showed] in contrasting levels of commitment and readiness to cross picket lines .

However , most contemporary football hooliganism corresponds to the outlawry of time-out forms manifested in fights between opposing fans and creating mayhem during trips abroad .
however , most contemporary football hooliganism corresponds to the outlawry of time-out forms [showed] in fights between opposing fans and creating mayhem during trips abroad .

By bourgeoisification , Taylor is referring to the increasing emphasis within the game on comfort and entertainment manifested in such developments as the reconstruction of grounds as commercial stadia ( with covered stands , seats and floodlights ) , the payment of large transfer fees and the freedom of contract for players which enabled them to command large salaries .
by bourgeoisification , taylor is referring to the increasing emphasis within the game on comfort and entertainment [showed] in such developments as the reconstruction of grounds as commercial stadia ( with covered stands , seats and floodlights ) , the payment of large transfer fees and the freedom of contract for players which enabled them to command large salaries .

The collective chanting of slogans and songs , the taking of ends and the solidaristic expressions of violence are merely the ‘ old ways ’ manifested in an unrestrained and more spectacular form .
the collective chanting of slogans and songs , the taking of ends and the solidaristic expressions of violence are merely the ‘ old ways ’ [showed] in an unrestrained and more spectacular form .

In terms of narrative technique , breakdown is manifested through the gradual dissolution of framing devices and ambiguity as to the ontological status of the objects of description .
in terms of narrative technique , breakdown is [showed] through the gradual dissolution of framing devices and ambiguity as to the ontological status of the objects of description .

The contrary tendency towards transgression , inter-penetration , invasion , and the erosion of emotional walls of defence is manifested most explicitly as polyglossia and the multilingual play of words .
the contrary tendency towards transgression , inter-penetration , invasion , and the erosion of emotional walls of defence is [showed] most explicitly as polyglossia and the multilingual play of words .

The specific effects of the written text have been the preoccupation of literary theory from Derrida and Barthes onward , and the writerly nature of the novel has often manifested itself in the form of typographical devices which defy oral utterance or those specific to the codex .
the specific effects of the written text have been the preoccupation of literary theory from derrida and barthes onward , and the writerly nature of the novel has often [showed] itself in the form of typographical devices which defy oral utterance or those specific to the codex .

There was astonishment also at what Sylvie Guillem could do with her legs , and excited suspense was also manifested over the question of whether Inès de la Fressange was coming or whether she had been deemed to be too much associated with Chanel and had therefore , in spite of being a close personal friend of Christian 's , been unceremoniously dumped .
there was astonishment also at what sylvie guillem could do with her legs , and excited suspense was also [showed] over the question of whether inès de la fressange was coming or whether she had been deemed to be too much associated with chanel and had therefore , in spite of being a close personal friend of christian 's , been unceremoniously dumped .

She was Van 's piano teacher right up to the Moscow prize , and will tell at the drop of a hat the story of his childhood promise , which first manifested itself when Van was a tender lad of three .
she was van 's piano teacher right up to the moscow prize , and will tell at the drop of a hat the story of his childhood promise , which first [showed] itself when van was a tender lad of three .

She was not here , had never been here , never in what remained of her fragile flesh ; yet she had certainly consented to let her essence be brought here , and manifested her presence with startling mercies .
she was not here , had never been here , never in what remained of her fragile flesh ; yet she had certainly consented to let her essence be brought here , and [showed] her presence with startling mercies .

Behind , an older sister manifested sophisticated boredom .
behind , an older sister [showed] sophisticated boredom .

The legacy of Britain 's largest ever baby boom , dating from the early years of this century , manifested itself in the growth of the numbers of people of pensionable age in the 1960s and 1970s and the dramatic increase in the numbers of the very elderly in the 1980s .
the legacy of britain 's largest ever baby boom , dating from the early years of this century , [showed] itself in the growth of the numbers of people of pensionable age in the 1960s and 1970s and the dramatic increase in the numbers of the very elderly in the 1980s .

The challenge to the traditional social order manifested itself in a struggle for the control of science , and historians have begun to recognize how this struggle shaped the development of scientific institutions .
the challenge to the traditional social order [showed] itself in a struggle for the control of science , and historians have begun to recognize how this struggle shaped the development of scientific institutions .

The archetypical idea was manifested in the flesh , under divers such modifications , upon this planet , long prior to the existence of those animals species that actually exemplify it .
the archetypical idea was [showed] in the flesh , under divers such modifications , upon this planet , long prior to the existence of those animals species that actually exemplify it .

His concern about Germany manifested itself again in 1936 , when he accepted the post in Geneva of League of Nations high commissioner for German refugees , a position he held until 1938 .
his concern about germany [showed] itself again in 1936 , when he accepted the post in geneva of league of nations high commissioner for german refugees , a position he held until 1938 .

Although never married , Rundell ‘ always manifested much pleasure in the enjoyment of female society , for which the comeliness of his person , his conversational powers , and his habitual attentiveness , naturally fitted him .
although never married , rundell ‘ always [showed] much pleasure in the enjoyment of female society , for which the comeliness of his person , his conversational powers , and his habitual attentiveness , naturally fitted him .

The shareholders had clearly manifested an intention to sell their shares and could not continue with the sale without giving the other shareholders a right to exercise their option under the articles .
the shareholders had clearly [showed] an intention to sell their shares and could not continue with the sale without giving the other shareholders a right to exercise their option under the articles .

At the very least , political action by a military organization will include acting as a pressure group within the policy-making process on questions of weapons procurement ; at the other end of the spectrum there is full-scale military intervention as manifested in a coup d'état , in which the military , or a part of it , overthrows the government and assumes governing power itself .
at the very least , political action by a military organization will include acting as a pressure group within the policy-making process on questions of weapons procurement ; at the other end of the spectrum there is full-scale military intervention as [showed] in a coup d'état , in which the military , or a part of it , overthrows the government and assumes governing power itself .

What is important is whether the intervention is in support of or against the state , how it is manifested and what its impact is .
what is important is whether the intervention is in support of or against the state , how it is [showed] and what its impact is .

This was manifested in the development of bases in the Indian Ocean and the Gulf region and the creation of new ones .
this was [showed] in the development of bases in the indian ocean and the gulf region and the creation of new ones .

In part this can be attributed to the diverse scopes that have been claimed for sociolinguistics ( see Trudgill , 1978 : Introduction ) , but in part it comes about because sociolinguists are interested in inter-relations between language and society however these are manifested in grammatical systems : sociolinguistics is not a component or level of a grammar in the way that syntax , semantics , phonology and , quite plausibly , pragmatics are .
in part this can be attributed to the diverse scopes that have been claimed for sociolinguistics ( see trudgill , 1978 : introduction ) , but in part it comes about because sociolinguists are interested in inter-relations between language and society however these are [showed] in grammatical systems : sociolinguistics is not a component or level of a grammar in the way that syntax , semantics , phonology and , quite plausibly , pragmatics are .

This distinction is not manifested in English directly , but it is perhaps indirectly : for the Contraction from let us to let 's only seems felicitous if the us is understood inclusively , as illustrated below ( Fillmore , 1971b ) : ( 43 ) Let 's go to the cinema ( 44 ) ?
this distinction is not [showed] in english directly , but it is perhaps indirectly : for the contraction from let us to let 's only seems felicitous if the us is understood inclusively , as illustrated below ( fillmore , 1971b ) : ( 43 ) let 's go to the cinema ( 44 ) ?

Its two most recent decisions on the Government 's power to restrain publications by former Crown servants — Spycatcher and the Cavendish Memoirs — were marked by references to the Convention and by an obvious desire manifested by most of the judges to ensure that both the law they were declaring and the decision they were taking in accordance with it would be seen to comply with Article 10 .
its two most recent decisions on the government 's power to restrain publications by former crown servants — spycatcher and the cavendish memoirs — were marked by references to the convention and by an obvious desire [showed] by most of the judges to ensure that both the law they were declaring and the decision they were taking in accordance with it would be seen to comply with article 10 .

There may sometimes be a tendency for a few of the structures to occur in a group or with a temporary periodicity , but , in general , the random aspect of turbulence is manifested in when and where coherent structures are to be found .
there may sometimes be a tendency for a few of the structures to occur in a group or with a temporary periodicity , but , in general , the random aspect of turbulence is [showed] in when and where coherent structures are to be found .

These standards have been evolved from such current consensus of damage-awarding tribunals as is manifested by the amounts they have in fact awarded in broadly similar cases .
these standards have been evolved from such current consensus of damage-awarding tribunals as is [showed] by the amounts they have in fact awarded in broadly similar cases .

Ever since the Twenties , in fact , Eliot had manifested so many visible signs of melancholy and weariness that `` poor Tom `` had become the constant refrain of his friends .
ever since the twenties , in fact , eliot had [showed] so many visible signs of melancholy and weariness that `` poor tom `` had become the constant refrain of his friends .

So , manifested as the co-operative store , Co-operation was bound to be acceptable .
so , [showed] as the co-operative store , co-operation was bound to be acceptable .

’ Too simple a judgment perhaps : it might better be said that , manifested as the Consumers ' Movement , Co-operation had become an alternative presentation of the rights of ownership against the rights of labour , while trade unionism existed to assert the rights of labour against those of ownership .
’ too simple a judgment perhaps : it might better be said that , [showed] as the consumers ' movement , co-operation had become an alternative presentation of the rights of ownership against the rights of labour , while trade unionism existed to assert the rights of labour against those of ownership .

An unregistered treaty remained valid under Article 18 , whereas an obligation does not bind a third party unless it has manifested its consent .
an unregistered treaty remained valid under article 18 , whereas an obligation does not bind a third party unless it has [showed] its consent .

The Court acknowledged that third parties could accept treaty obligations informally , but found that Germany had not ‘ unilaterally assumed the obligations of the Convention ; or … manifested its acceptance of the conventional regime or … recognised it as being generally applicable to the delimitation of continental shelf areas .
the court acknowledged that third parties could accept treaty obligations informally , but found that germany had not ‘ unilaterally assumed the obligations of the convention ; or … [showed] its acceptance of the conventional regime or … recognised it as being generally applicable to the delimitation of continental shelf areas .

They also disagree on how functions are manifested in literary language .
they also disagree on how functions are [showed] in literary language .

He was hurt by his failure to win the leadership in 1911 and by the hostility to his family manifested during the contest .
he was hurt by his failure to win the leadership in 1911 and by the hostility to his family [showed] during the contest .

The focus here is more upon the literary work itself and the `` experience `` of the writer which is invested in it , and `` art `` in this case is that which is manifested in unique and harmonious literary works , a harmonious fusion of diverse influences . ``
the focus here is more upon the literary work itself and the `` experience `` of the writer which is invested in it , and `` art `` in this case is that which is [showed] in unique and harmonious literary works , a harmonious fusion of diverse influences . ``

There were two notable features of the museum community 's response to this ongoing crisis , at least as manifested at the convention .
there were two notable features of the museum community 's response to this ongoing crisis , at least as [showed] at the convention .

His rebellious nature manifested itself in his collecting speciality , the Cubist masterpieces of Picasso , Léger , Braque and Gris .
his rebellious nature [showed] itself in his collecting speciality , the cubist masterpieces of picasso , léger , braque and gris .

This chapter is not a systematic analysis of the areas of women 's invisibility in sociology ; rather , it is an attempt to suggest some of the areas and ways in which it is manifested , some of the reasons why it occurs , and why , from the point of view of sociology ( and women ) it matters .
this chapter is not a systematic analysis of the areas of women 's invisibility in sociology ; rather , it is an attempt to suggest some of the areas and ways in which it is [showed] , some of the reasons why it occurs , and why , from the point of view of sociology ( and women ) it matters .

These brief and incomplete excursions through five subject territories of sociology provide some examples of how male-orientation may be manifested .
these brief and incomplete excursions through five subject territories of sociology provide some examples of how male-orientation may be [showed] .

Some of the women with a high specification of standards and routines in the present sample did , indeed , demonstrate a strong emotional involvement in housework and their ‘ guilt ’ , ‘ worry ’ or ‘ anxiety ’ about failures to meet housework standards does suggest some of the obsessional symptoms manifested by the patients in Cooper 's survey .
some of the women with a high specification of standards and routines in the present sample did , indeed , demonstrate a strong emotional involvement in housework and their ‘ guilt ’ , ‘ worry ’ or ‘ anxiety ’ about failures to meet housework standards does suggest some of the obsessional symptoms [showed] by the patients in cooper 's survey .

The same misreading of the evidence is apparent in the controversy over the alleged lack of prudence of the working class , particularly as manifested in the younger age of marriage .
the same misreading of the evidence is apparent in the controversy over the alleged lack of prudence of the working class , particularly as [showed] in the younger age of marriage .

For sons , on the other hand , socialization may be more in terms of broader , more stereotypical notions of masculinity such as may be manifested in horseplay at weekends or evenings , rather than in terms of the more specific feature of the father 's role at work , which may often be hidden from the male child .
for sons , on the other hand , socialization may be more in terms of broader , more stereotypical notions of masculinity such as may be [showed] in horseplay at weekends or evenings , rather than in terms of the more specific feature of the father 's role at work , which may often be hidden from the male child .

[ … ] Socialization within the family is manifested in subtle cues of things said and things not said , of facial expressions and gestures which arise in the course of day-to-day living within the same dwelling .
[ … ] socialization within the family is [showed] in subtle cues of things said and things not said , of facial expressions and gestures which arise in the course of day-to-day living within the same dwelling .

The originality of a critical mind , expressing itself in creative and sometimes idiosyncratic science , has often manifested itself in theological deviation .
the originality of a critical mind , expressing itself in creative and sometimes idiosyncratic science , has often [showed] itself in theological deviation .

Divine power which inspired fear and awe was thought to be manifested in certain creatures .
divine power which inspired fear and awe was thought to be [showed] in certain creatures .

This was further manifested in the attendance of members of the Coordinating Team and of the DCSLs at some library committee meetings .
this was further [showed] in the attendance of members of the coordinating team and of the dcsls at some library committee meetings .

Hutterites and other fundamentalists , Shi'ite Islam and the Wahhabi school of Sunni Islam , Puritan sects , Mormons , the Irish form of ultramontane Catholicism ) reproductive behaviour has a ‘ sacred ’ role , whatever the cost , manifested either as an obligation to have as many children as possible or to avoid the means of limiting them ( Simons 1982 ) .
hutterites and other fundamentalists , shi'ite islam and the wahhabi school of sunni islam , puritan sects , mormons , the irish form of ultramontane catholicism ) reproductive behaviour has a ‘ sacred ’ role , whatever the cost , [showed] either as an obligation to have as many children as possible or to avoid the means of limiting them ( simons 1982 ) .

But now , inspired by the example of their neighbours in the restless Islamic Soviet Central Asian republics , one group of Chinese Muslims in Xinjiang province , which borders Afghanistan , Pakistan and the Soviet republics of Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan and Kirgizia , is showing signs of dissatisfaction and a desire for greater autonomy which manifested themselves in a small but bloody rebellion in March of this year .
but now , inspired by the example of their neighbours in the restless islamic soviet central asian republics , one group of chinese muslims in xinjiang province , which borders afghanistan , pakistan and the soviet republics of uzbekistan , kazakhstan and kirgizia , is showing signs of dissatisfaction and a desire for greater autonomy which [showed] themselves in a small but bloody rebellion in march of this year .

Strictly speaking , the king was nothing more than a servant , a vessel , a vehicle , through which the divine will manifested itself .
strictly speaking , the king was nothing more than a servant , a vessel , a vehicle , through which the divine will [showed] itself .

The non-Roman , Eastern influence on the Celtic Church manifested itself most obviously in Irish monasticism .
the non-roman , eastern influence on the celtic church [showed] itself most obviously in irish monasticism .

So , for example , a teacher who had already manifested an inability to ‘ control ’ a class , will have this failure taken as an insult by the pupils and this weakness will be played on by further messing around which is designed to explore its extent , ratify the insult and perpetuate the cycle .
so , for example , a teacher who had already [showed] an inability to ‘ control ’ a class , will have this failure taken as an insult by the pupils and this weakness will be played on by further messing around which is designed to explore its extent , ratify the insult and perpetuate the cycle .

The inner spiritual resources which sustained and nourished her in her darkest hours are now manifested in her uncanny empathy with those in need .
the inner spiritual resources which sustained and nourished her in her darkest hours are now [showed] in her uncanny empathy with those in need .

They have long incubation periods , often measured in years , but once manifested the disease usually progresses swiftly , without remission and uninfluenced by treatment , to death within a few months .
they have long incubation periods , often measured in years , but once [showed] the disease usually progresses swiftly , without remission and uninfluenced by treatment , to death within a few months .

In order that satisfactory treatments can be developed , proper studies need to be carried out on those subjects who have psychologically based reactions to foods , however manifested .
in order that satisfactory treatments can be developed , proper studies need to be carried out on those subjects who have psychologically based reactions to foods , however [showed] .

Since 1979 this desire has been manifested in the European Monetary System , whereby most of the member countries of the European Community have agreed to limit the fluctuations of their respective currencies .
since 1979 this desire has been [showed] in the european monetary system , whereby most of the member countries of the european community have agreed to limit the fluctuations of their respective currencies .

Prevention strategies have focused on high-risk patients such as those who have already manifested ventricular arrhythmias in the convalescent phase of an acute myocardial infarction or who are survivors of either in-hospital or out-of-hospital cardiac arrest .
prevention strategies have focused on high-risk patients such as those who have already [showed] ventricular arrhythmias in the convalescent phase of an acute myocardial infarction or who are survivors of either in-hospital or out-of-hospital cardiac arrest .

Racial and economic tensions related to the immigration issue also manifested themselves during the early months of 1990 .
racial and economic tensions related to the immigration issue also [showed] themselves during the early months of 1990 .

The playing of this `` game `` is enabled by the transcendent reality which is then manifested through its play .
the playing of this `` game `` is enabled by the transcendent reality which is then [showed] through its play .

The tradition to which they belong evolved an accommodation of Christian doctrine to a body of teaching inherited from Greek philosophy about a kind of knowledge — noesis — which is neither intellectual nor sensual , but in essence experiential and manifested in the human soul .
the tradition to which they belong evolved an accommodation of christian doctrine to a body of teaching inherited from greek philosophy about a kind of knowledge — noesis — which is neither intellectual nor sensual , but in essence experiential and [showed] in the human soul .

Whether the emphasis in mystical theology is on the interaction of those God-given human faculties which are understood as an image of his being and the means by which man may realise the love and truth manifested in the Incarnation , or on the essential unknowability of the transcendent source from whence that love and truth emanated in time , there is common ground between the two approaches in the sense of a dynamic with which man may engage .
whether the emphasis in mystical theology is on the interaction of those god-given human faculties which are understood as an image of his being and the means by which man may realise the love and truth [showed] in the incarnation , or on the essential unknowability of the transcendent source from whence that love and truth emanated in time , there is common ground between the two approaches in the sense of a dynamic with which man may engage .

Such dedication manifested itself not only among professional religious like the Dominican nuns in the Rhineland known for their mystical experience , or Franciscan tertiaries like Angela of Foligno , who was converted after her marriage and , once a widow , devoted her life to God , but among lay women in the Low Countries and Germany known as Beguines .
such dedication [showed] itself not only among professional religious like the dominican nuns in the rhineland known for their mystical experience , or franciscan tertiaries like angela of foligno , who was converted after her marriage and , once a widow , devoted her life to god , but among lay women in the low countries and germany known as beguines .

The chapter ends with a succinct statement about the divine energy which works through discipline to the freedom to love and is manifested in the relationship between the Old and New Covenants : `` for fulnes of law es charite ; in hynges all `` .
the chapter ends with a succinct statement about the divine energy which works through discipline to the freedom to love and is [showed] in the relationship between the old and new covenants : `` for fulnes of law es charite ; in hynges all `` .

It was also embodied in the Hours of the Virgin that daily reminded the devout laity as well as religious , of an archetypal pattern of suffering through which the nature of redemption was manifested and which established the means by which it would be experienced .
it was also embodied in the hours of the virgin that daily reminded the devout laity as well as religious , of an archetypal pattern of suffering through which the nature of redemption was [showed] and which established the means by which it would be experienced .

Both the long and short meditations are presented as prayers in which Rolle counterpoints awareness of the suffering caused by sin in the events of the Passion with a growth in horrified consciousness of the death blows of sin in the self , for which the only remedy is that love manifested in the death of Christ working in man : what Julian will call `` the werkyng of mercy `` , which lasts as long as sin pursues man , and of grace which works our `` dredful faylyng `` into solace and our `` shamefull `` `` falling `` to resurrection .
both the long and short meditations are presented as prayers in which rolle counterpoints awareness of the suffering caused by sin in the events of the passion with a growth in horrified consciousness of the death blows of sin in the self , for which the only remedy is that love [showed] in the death of christ working in man : what julian will call `` the werkyng of mercy `` , which lasts as long as sin pursues man , and of grace which works our `` dredful faylyng `` into solace and our `` shamefull `` `` falling `` to resurrection .

In other words the essential parameters by which European Christians felt they could decide whether a particular other creature was , or was not , a human being — a person like us `` — were then , as they still remain , physical appearance , intelligence ( as manifested by language ) , religion .
in other words the essential parameters by which european christians felt they could decide whether a particular other creature was , or was not , a human being — a person like us `` — were then , as they still remain , physical appearance , intelligence ( as [showed] by language ) , religion .

The structure of the relational network is only accessible to the outside observer to the extent that it is visibly manifested in gift-giving performance , but , for the insiders , the actors who actually operate the system , this same structure is felt to consist of rights and obligations .
the structure of the relational network is only accessible to the outside observer to the extent that it is visibly [showed] in gift-giving performance , but , for the insiders , the actors who actually operate the system , this same structure is felt to consist of rights and obligations .

For example , if the positive and negative poles of an electrical battery are connected , we ordinarily describe the discharge that is then manifested ( as heat , or motive force or whatever ) as a flow of power from the positive pole to the negative pole .
for example , if the positive and negative poles of an electrical battery are connected , we ordinarily describe the discharge that is then [showed] ( as heat , or motive force or whatever ) as a flow of power from the positive pole to the negative pole .

It is expected that any such changes to be manifested not only at the attitudinal and cognitive levels , but also in behavioural indices such as higher rates of criminal activity , marital problems and disputes at work .
it is expected that any such changes to be [showed] not only at the attitudinal and cognitive levels , but also in behavioural indices such as higher rates of criminal activity , marital problems and disputes at work .

The fact is that in the primeval struggle of the jungle , as in the refinements of civilized warfare , we see in progress a great evolutionary armament race — whose results , for defence , are manifested in such devices as speed , alertness , armour , spinescence , burrowing habits , nocturnal habits , poisonous secretions , nauseous taste , and ( camouflage and other kinds of protective coloration ) ; and for offence , in such counter-attributes as speed , surprise , ambush , allurement , visual acuity , claws , teeth , stings , poison fangs , and ( lures ) .
the fact is that in the primeval struggle of the jungle , as in the refinements of civilized warfare , we see in progress a great evolutionary armament race — whose results , for defence , are [showed] in such devices as speed , alertness , armour , spinescence , burrowing habits , nocturnal habits , poisonous secretions , nauseous taste , and ( camouflage and other kinds of protective coloration ) ; and for offence , in such counter-attributes as speed , surprise , ambush , allurement , visual acuity , claws , teeth , stings , poison fangs , and ( lures ) .

They became the spearhead of political disaffection which was usually manifested in , the form of strikes .
they became the spearhead of political disaffection which was usually [showed] in , the form of strikes .

The other juxtapositions in the ‘ Family ’ section are ones which raise ( albeit somewhat crudely ) questions relating to ‘ innocence and experience ’ as manifested across the divisions of gender , class and time .
the other juxtapositions in the ‘ family ’ section are ones which raise ( albeit somewhat crudely ) questions relating to ‘ innocence and experience ’ as [showed] across the divisions of gender , class and time .

He manifested such reluctance to get up that Theodora felt constrained to recharge his glass .
he [showed] such reluctance to get up that theodora felt constrained to recharge his glass .

Lameness , sores , hip problems and psychiatric disorders ( manifested by bar biting ) are common .
lameness , sores , hip problems and psychiatric disorders ( [showed] by bar biting ) are common .

They are severely disturbed , the most common presentation — from a Western psychiatric viewpoint — being catatonia , a schizophrenic disorder manifested in posturing , mutism , facial grimaces and mannerisms .
they are severely disturbed , the most common presentation — from a western psychiatric viewpoint — being catatonia , a schizophrenic disorder [showed] in posturing , mutism , facial grimaces and mannerisms .

Virtue was manifested by acting virtuously , not through passive reflection .
virtue was [showed] by acting virtuously , not through passive reflection .

They have manifested themselves in three specific areas .
they have [showed] themselves in three specific areas .

As she bent up from the oven , up out of the kitchen , a shaft of watery sun manifested itself on the floor like a dim splash of paint .
as she bent up from the oven , up out of the kitchen , a shaft of watery sun [showed] itself on the floor like a dim splash of paint .

For the nation is only manifested in the national character , in the nationality of the individual ; and the nationality of the individual is only one aspect of his determination by the history of society , by the development of the conditions and techniques of labour .
for the nation is only [showed] in the national character , in the nationality of the individual ; and the nationality of the individual is only one aspect of his determination by the history of society , by the development of the conditions and techniques of labour .

In the article on Jakobson this position was somewhat modified ; Riffaterre proposed taking as his informants not average readers but the so-called ‘ Superreader ’ , a figure representing the sum of reactions to the language of a text manifested in the published work of its interpreters , translators and so on .
in the article on jakobson this position was somewhat modified ; riffaterre proposed taking as his informants not average readers but the so-called ‘ superreader ’ , a figure representing the sum of reactions to the language of a text [showed] in the published work of its interpreters , translators and so on .

The coercive nature of gender classification , whether manifested in a weak or strong sense , mitigates the liberating power of ‘ choice ’ .
the coercive nature of gender classification , whether [showed] in a weak or strong sense , mitigates the liberating power of ‘ choice ’ .

Where excavations have been carried out , or detailed research conducted , we can see this central role manifested in the type and size of buildings on the site .
where excavations have been carried out , or detailed research conducted , we can see this central role [showed] in the type and size of buildings on the site .

For him , and ultimately consequential as one of the prime presuppositions of variable analysis , science does not deal with `` things-in-themselves `` but with their manifested properties or attributes .
for him , and ultimately consequential as one of the prime presuppositions of variable analysis , science does not deal with `` things-in-themselves `` but with their [showed] properties or attributes .

The tightening of monetary policy throughout the industrialized world in 1989 and early 1990 manifested itself in the form of higher interest rates , as the major instrument to curb consumer demand and ease inflation .
the tightening of monetary policy throughout the industrialized world in 1989 and early 1990 [showed] itself in the form of higher interest rates , as the major instrument to curb consumer demand and ease inflation .

The changes taking place are manifested in diverse forms , and have very different starting points , but underlying them are similar sets of questions and pressures .
the changes taking place are [showed] in diverse forms , and have very different starting points , but underlying them are similar sets of questions and pressures .

Even so , many respondents were surprised at how quickly the different interests of units and districts had manifested themselves :
even so , many respondents were surprised at how quickly the different interests of units and districts had [showed] themselves :

This irritation manifested itself most publicly in February 1945 , when he refused an invitation to meet Roosevelt in Algiers immediately after Yalta , much to the annoyance of the Americans and the embarrassment of many at home .
this irritation [showed] itself most publicly in february 1945 , when he refused an invitation to meet roosevelt in algiers immediately after yalta , much to the annoyance of the americans and the embarrassment of many at home .

In his case , that is to say , instinctive wisdom manifested itself only on exceptional occasions and as a purely inhibiting agency .
in his case , that is to say , instinctive wisdom [showed] itself only on exceptional occasions and as a purely inhibiting agency .

Moreover , to apply performance measures to the catalogue separately from the user 's objective can only produce limited results , as manifested by the findings of traditional catalogue use studies .
moreover , to apply performance measures to the catalogue separately from the user 's objective can only produce limited results , as [showed] by the findings of traditional catalogue use studies .

The 13 patients who had measurements of cardiac output , showed a hyperdynamic circulation manifested by a high cardiac output ( 7.8 ( 2.6 ) l/min ) , and decreased mean arterial pressure ( 89 ( 16 ) mm Hg ) and systemic vascular resistance ( 993 ( 387 ) dyn/sec.cm - 5 ) .
the 13 patients who had measurements of cardiac output , showed a hyperdynamic circulation [showed] by a high cardiac output ( 7.8 ( 2.6 ) l/min ) , and decreased mean arterial pressure ( 89 ( 16 ) mm hg ) and systemic vascular resistance ( 993 ( 387 ) dyn/sec.cm - 5 ) .

Of these , 22 had challenge proven cow 's milk allergy manifested with either skin ( urticaria ( four ) , ezcema ( 10 ) or gastrointestinal ( loose stools ) ( six ) , diarrhoea ( three ) , vomiting ( two ) , abdominal pain ( three ) ) symptoms .
of these , 22 had challenge proven cow 's milk allergy [showed] with either skin ( urticaria ( four ) , ezcema ( 10 ) or gastrointestinal ( loose stools ) ( six ) , diarrhoea ( three ) , vomiting ( two ) , abdominal pain ( three ) ) symptoms .

The severity of the bleeding is manifested by the number of blood units required ( average 6.6 units , minimum 2 ; maximum 26 units ) .
the severity of the bleeding is [showed] by the number of blood units required ( average 6.6 units , minimum 2 ; maximum 26 units ) .

The political role of the coin was manifested in the way that the widespread use of coinage enabled a regime or state to impose its authority in all of the many monetary transactions which take place in any society . This , for instance , is one of the significant points revealed by the story in the Gospel according to St Mark when the Pharisees asked Jesus :
the political role of the coin was [showed] in the way that the widespread use of coinage enabled a regime or state to impose its authority in all of the many monetary transactions which take place in any society . this , for instance , is one of the significant points revealed by the story in the gospel according to st mark when the pharisees asked jesus :

By Royal Invitation ( 1988 ) related , for example , that the Queen was suspicious about the number 13 , that a footman had once fallen in love with Princess Margaret , and that Prince Charles disliked chocolate cakes , but manifested a distinct partiality for Bath Olivers .
by royal invitation ( 1988 ) related , for example , that the queen was suspicious about the number 13 , that a footman had once fallen in love with princess margaret , and that prince charles disliked chocolate cakes , but [showed] a distinct partiality for bath olivers .

But it was the unanimous view of the board that it manifested contempt towards the divinity of Christ by presenting him as a living man , not a symbol , and as the object of overt sexual passion .
but it was the unanimous view of the board that it [showed] contempt towards the divinity of christ by presenting him as a living man , not a symbol , and as the object of overt sexual passion .

‘ The want of affection in the English is strongly manifested towards their children , ’ wrote one Venetian envoy , in 1497 .
‘ the want of affection in the english is strongly [showed] towards their children , ’ wrote one venetian envoy , in 1497 .

This manifested itself quite dramatically on a few occasions when , the holding screws having sheared , the rail curled up behind the tank as it moved down the slope .
this [showed] itself quite dramatically on a few occasions when , the holding screws having sheared , the rail curled up behind the tank as it moved down the slope .

Begin with a light regime and then gradually increase the work-load as the acute phase ( the period when the injury is most painful but the effects have not yet manifested themselves ) comes to an end .
begin with a light regime and then gradually increase the work-load as the acute phase ( the period when the injury is most painful but the effects have not yet [showed] themselves ) comes to an end .

It is impossible to regard the vast buildings and their dependencies which constitute a chief terminal station of a great line of railway without feelings of inexpressible astonishment at the magnitude of the capital and the boldness of the enterprise which are manifested in the operations of which they are the stage .
it is impossible to regard the vast buildings and their dependencies which constitute a chief terminal station of a great line of railway without feelings of inexpressible astonishment at the magnitude of the capital and the boldness of the enterprise which are [showed] in the operations of which they are the stage .

Nationalist feelings may well be ameliorated in relations between industrialised countries by the interdependence discussed above ; this will not be the case when the industrialised country is dealing with a less developed state , yet it is in this latter kind of country where nationalism may be most strongly manifested .
nationalist feelings may well be ameliorated in relations between industrialised countries by the interdependence discussed above ; this will not be the case when the industrialised country is dealing with a less developed state , yet it is in this latter kind of country where nationalism may be most strongly [showed] .

This was manifested not only in the precise , artistic and critical response by Indian peoples to European paintings , but also in connoisseurship within the colonising ranks .
this was [showed] not only in the precise , artistic and critical response by indian peoples to european paintings , but also in connoisseurship within the colonising ranks .

At the same time the ambivalence of her own , and modern Mexico 's position is manifested in the figure of the artist .
at the same time the ambivalence of her own , and modern mexico 's position is [showed] in the figure of the artist .

However , the priorities of government manifested on a day-to-day basis frequently ignored the longer-term priorities nominally established in the plans .
however , the priorities of government [showed] on a day-to-day basis frequently ignored the longer-term priorities nominally established in the plans .

This is manifested through the unity of supposedly civilized life and the most elementary barbarity on a level which appears to be that of the basic ‘ need ’ which Eliot had accused the anthropologists of ignoring .
this is [showed] through the unity of supposedly civilized life and the most elementary barbarity on a level which appears to be that of the basic ‘ need ’ which eliot had accused the anthropologists of ignoring .

It was not just that degenerates were thought to be intelligent and gifted ; their intelligence manifested one of the most disturbing paradoxes of the perverse : a vitiating regression to the primitive from within an advanced cultural sophistication .
it was not just that degenerates were thought to be intelligent and gifted ; their intelligence [showed] one of the most disturbing paradoxes of the perverse : a vitiating regression to the primitive from within an advanced cultural sophistication .

opinions and principles like [ Wilde 's ] have from time to time manifested themselves all down the course of history , generally in over-ripe civilisations wavering on the brink of decay .
opinions and principles like [ wilde 's ] have from time to time [showed] themselves all down the course of history , generally in over-ripe civilisations wavering on the brink of decay .

It is manifested as a ‘ dominant phallic economy ’ which is described as hom ( m ) osexual ( sometimes hom ( m ) o-sexual ) and rooted in singularity — ‘ The one of form , of the individual , of the ( male ) sexual organ , of the proper name , of the proper meaning … ’ — and characterized by censure and repression .
it is [showed] as a ‘ dominant phallic economy ’ which is described as hom ( m ) osexual ( sometimes hom ( m ) o-sexual ) and rooted in singularity — ‘ the one of form , of the individual , of the ( male ) sexual organ , of the proper name , of the proper meaning … ’ — and characterized by censure and repression .

was increasingly viewed as providing insight into the fundamental truths of creation , in which nature as manifested in the unassailable reality of bones and organs was taken to be the only foundation of the moral order , a biology of incommensurability became the means by which such differences could be authoritatively represented .
was increasingly viewed as providing insight into the fundamental truths of creation , in which nature as [showed] in the unassailable reality of bones and organs was taken to be the only foundation of the moral order , a biology of incommensurability became the means by which such differences could be authoritatively represented .

But the aim now is not necessarily to liberate sexuality ( the sexual drive ) , but to eroticize the social while at the same time releasing it from the grip of sexuality especially as manifested in the ideology of sexual difference .
but the aim now is not necessarily to liberate sexuality ( the sexual drive ) , but to eroticize the social while at the same time releasing it from the grip of sexuality especially as [showed] in the ideology of sexual difference .

Marx 's and Engels 's rejection of idealism , however , is qualified in that they also reject the crude materialism which they saw manifested in the work of such writers as the German socialist Feuerbach .
marx 's and engels 's rejection of idealism , however , is qualified in that they also reject the crude materialism which they saw [showed] in the work of such writers as the german socialist feuerbach .

What Marx was trying to do in constructing the Asiatic system was to reconcile , on the one hand the reports of the strength of the village communities which characterized many of the accounts of Asian villages and which was manifested in their apparent ability to act organically , for example in the close co-operation and mutual reasonableness required in irrigated agriculture , and , on the other hand , a traditional view of the despotism of oriental rulers , a view which dominated European pictures of the Orient , at least since the time of Montesquieu .
what marx was trying to do in constructing the asiatic system was to reconcile , on the one hand the reports of the strength of the village communities which characterized many of the accounts of asian villages and which was [showed] in their apparent ability to act organically , for example in the close co-operation and mutual reasonableness required in irrigated agriculture , and , on the other hand , a traditional view of the despotism of oriental rulers , a view which dominated european pictures of the orient , at least since the time of montesquieu .

Murder , manslaughter , and several other offences are discussed , and one recurrent issue here is whether English law responds proportionately to the different degrees of culpability manifested in cases where death is caused .
murder , manslaughter , and several other offences are discussed , and one recurrent issue here is whether english law responds proportionately to the different degrees of culpability [showed] in cases where death is caused .

her body ] manifested at the sight of the pain it was to endure … Rose represented forcibly the necessity she felt of suffering this continual martyrdom in order to be conformable to her divine spouse .
her body ] [showed] at the sight of the pain it was to endure … rose represented forcibly the necessity she felt of suffering this continual martyrdom in order to be conformable to her divine spouse .

Relieved of her professional role , she manifested herself as an attractive well-dressed young woman answering to the name of Suzanne .
relieved of her professional role , she [showed] herself as an attractive well-dressed young woman answering to the name of suzanne .

Something else which was working in Ludens 's mind also manifested itself before he reached the flat , constituting a darker and more puzzling ingredient in his feeling of reassurance .
something else which was working in ludens 's mind also [showed] itself before he reached the flat , constituting a darker and more puzzling ingredient in his feeling of reassurance .

The urban poor have many other issues alongside the escalating price of fuel — particularly imported inflation manifested in high prices for cloth and imported household items , high urban rents and low salaries at the bottom end of the public sector .
the urban poor have many other issues alongside the escalating price of fuel — particularly imported inflation [showed] in high prices for cloth and imported household items , high urban rents and low salaries at the bottom end of the public sector .

Liberalism and reform was gaining strength at that time , as manifested in the socially aware novels of Dickens and the activities of Dr Barnardo and his homes for waifs .
liberalism and reform was gaining strength at that time , as [showed] in the socially aware novels of dickens and the activities of dr barnardo and his homes for waifs .

The political breakdown was manifested in the two world wars , in the Holocaust , in the severity of the slump , in the doctrines of Nazism and totalitarian communism , both of which were a defilement of human nature .
the political breakdown was [showed] in the two world wars , in the holocaust , in the severity of the slump , in the doctrines of nazism and totalitarian communism , both of which were a defilement of human nature .

But no such person manifested himself .
but no such person [showed] himself .

From quite an early age , his mother told me , John 's interest in theatrical things , and specifically in ballet , manifested itself in setting up cardboard boxes as stages , with pipe cleaners for dancers .
from quite an early age , his mother told me , john 's interest in theatrical things , and specifically in ballet , [showed] itself in setting up cardboard boxes as stages , with pipe cleaners for dancers .

Devotion to the throne also manifested itself in a popular demand for the king 's third son , William Augustus , Duke of Cumberland , to be made Commander-in-Chief of the anti-invasion forces .
devotion to the throne also [showed] itself in a popular demand for the king 's third son , william augustus , duke of cumberland , to be made commander-in-chief of the anti-invasion forces .

There are also personality characteristics which are manifested both as strengths and weaknesses .
there are also personality characteristics which are [showed] both as strengths and weaknesses .

In Prussia the crisis manifested itself in a variety of ways .
in prussia the crisis [showed] itself in a variety of ways .

This chapter focuses on the ways in which age discrimination is both a product of and manifested in the social security system .
this chapter focuses on the ways in which age discrimination is both a product of and [showed] in the social security system .

‘ This fear of losing one 's job manifested itself when the new contracts were being considered around April 1 each year .
‘ this fear of losing one 's job [showed] itself when the new contracts were being considered around april 1 each year .

In a post-war broadcast in 1946 , he referred to the development of eight-feet wide trams with resilient wheels which he hoped to introduce to Blackpool , and these were manifested in the 1952 Coronation trams .
in a post-war broadcast in 1946 , he referred to the development of eight-feet wide trams with resilient wheels which he hoped to introduce to blackpool , and these were [showed] in the 1952 coronation trams .

Trusts were ideally suited for such treatment since they did not presuppose that certain words had been used by the testator , but merely that a certain intention had been manifested .
trusts were ideally suited for such treatment since they did not presuppose that certain words had been used by the testator , but merely that a certain intention had been [showed] .

In that system too there was no requirement that set words be used to establish a trust , but the law insisted that words be used which manifested an intention on the part of the settlor to impose the obligation of a trust on the donee .
in that system too there was no requirement that set words be used to establish a trust , but the law insisted that words be used which [showed] an intention on the part of the settlor to impose the obligation of a trust on the donee .

Mircea Eliade , in Patterns in Comparative Religion , remarks on the endless variety of agricultural rites and beliefs involving recognition of a force manifested in the harvest .
mircea eliade , in patterns in comparative religion , remarks on the endless variety of agricultural rites and beliefs involving recognition of a force [showed] in the harvest .

Its inadequacy is manifested in at least two ways .
its inadequacy is [showed] in at least two ways .

Might changes in the size of the Sun be linked both to the surface activity manifested by sunspots and to small-scale climatic changes on Earth ?
might changes in the size of the sun be linked both to the surface activity [showed] by sunspots and to small-scale climatic changes on earth ?

As the animal jumped into the flames , Buddha manifested himself , snatched the hare from the fire and set him in the Moon .
as the animal jumped into the flames , buddha [showed] himself , snatched the hare from the fire and set him in the moon .

For it to have left archaeological evidence it would have been necessary for it to have been manifested by a physical act of some kind , which would necessarily need to result in the production of something capable of preservation in the archaeological context .
for it to have left archaeological evidence it would have been necessary for it to have been [showed] by a physical act of some kind , which would necessarily need to result in the production of something capable of preservation in the archaeological context .

’ The decay of the system was manifested by speculative trading in agricultural produce , as against the orderly methods of the state-capitalist trusts .
’ the decay of the system was [showed] by speculative trading in agricultural produce , as against the orderly methods of the state-capitalist trusts .

This manifested itself in the falling returns in grain collections for provisioning the towns and the Red Army .
this [showed] itself in the falling returns in grain collections for provisioning the towns and the red army .

With his law of primitive socialist accumulation Preobrazhensky saw it essentially as being conditions which were imposed upon the Soviet economy ; either the state sector will grow or it will succumb to the private sector , but the ‘ law ’ itself is only manifested by a series of conditions which were conscious acts upon the part of the Soviet state , since it involved plans and planning .
with his law of primitive socialist accumulation preobrazhensky saw it essentially as being conditions which were imposed upon the soviet economy ; either the state sector will grow or it will succumb to the private sector , but the ‘ law ’ itself is only [showed] by a series of conditions which were conscious acts upon the part of the soviet state , since it involved plans and planning .

The capacity for learning , the need for tuition and the mental ability of the parents to care are thus all automatically manifested in synchrony .
the capacity for learning , the need for tuition and the mental ability of the parents to care are thus all automatically [showed] in synchrony .

Mystics of past and present have written that there are seasons , at the physical level , in the manifested power of the Life Force , the Creative Word .
mystics of past and present have written that there are seasons , at the physical level , in the [showed] power of the life force , the creative word .

Seeing a parallel in Reich 's work with the human body , he links the health of the tree clumps with the free energy flow of the Earth , any blockages being manifested in dis-ease .
seeing a parallel in reich 's work with the human body , he links the health of the tree clumps with the free energy flow of the earth , any blockages being [showed] in dis-ease .

We should , however , appreciate the close relationship that existed between the philosophical beliefs and the political doctrine , which not only manifested itself in the convergence of interests with respect to social problems and class politics , but also provided the proposed reform in education ( and other attempts to ‘ educate ’ young workers , such as the club movement ) with a certain authority .
we should , however , appreciate the close relationship that existed between the philosophical beliefs and the political doctrine , which not only [showed] itself in the convergence of interests with respect to social problems and class politics , but also provided the proposed reform in education ( and other attempts to ‘ educate ’ young workers , such as the club movement ) with a certain authority .

But the underlying issue is the overall lack of respect for indigenous concerns and culture manifested by the government and the ladino élite .
but the underlying issue is the overall lack of respect for indigenous concerns and culture [showed] by the government and the ladino élite .

The steward was not left to mourn that his bottles found no custom : there was treating and return treating , and one humble Highlander who could sing Gaelic songs was made the sink into which was poured the spirits bought by sundry odd pence ; and , to the satisfaction of those who deem it a noble accomplishment the filling a man drunk , this Celt was brought into that pitiable condition , and manifested the power of the spirits over his brain in rather a curious way , — he was for kissing all round .
the steward was not left to mourn that his bottles found no custom : there was treating and return treating , and one humble highlander who could sing gaelic songs was made the sink into which was poured the spirits bought by sundry odd pence ; and , to the satisfaction of those who deem it a noble accomplishment the filling a man drunk , this celt was brought into that pitiable condition , and [showed] the power of the spirits over his brain in rather a curious way , — he was for kissing all round .

This awareness is most obviously manifested by the frequent appearance of press reports on ozone depletion , on the greenhouse effect and possible global warming , on nitrate pollution , on deforestation in the Tropics , on decreasing biological diversity and on many other environmentally related topics .
this awareness is most obviously [showed] by the frequent appearance of press reports on ozone depletion , on the greenhouse effect and possible global warming , on nitrate pollution , on deforestation in the tropics , on decreasing biological diversity and on many other environmentally related topics .

For those seeking bhavana , it is ready to be discerned in a hundred daily occurrences : it will be manifested in a small or generous action ; and there is a joy in the mere searching for this bhavana in the everyday world .
for those seeking bhavana , it is ready to be discerned in a hundred daily occurrences : it will be [showed] in a small or generous action ; and there is a joy in the mere searching for this bhavana in the everyday world .

All is extended , manifested , rolled out by the universal energy from the seeds of his idea deep in his existence ; but the spirit even though it takes up and enjoys her workings in this body of ours , is not affected by its mortality because it is eternal beyond birth and death , is not linked by the personalities which it assumes because it is the supreme self of all these personalities … ’
all is extended , [showed] , rolled out by the universal energy from the seeds of his idea deep in his existence ; but the spirit even though it takes up and enjoys her workings in this body of ours , is not affected by its mortality because it is eternal beyond birth and death , is not linked by the personalities which it assumes because it is the supreme self of all these personalities … ’

A provocative question is whether a craving for connection with family and community is at the heart of the ﬂoundering of many of today ’ s youth , manifested in academic problems , poor peer relationships , low self-esteem , depression , angry , acting-out behavior , and—with the arrival of young adulthood—inability to make vocational commitments , attain ﬁnancial independence , and forge healthy intimate relationships .
a provocative question is whether a craving for connection with family and community is at the heart of the ﬂoundering of many of today ’ s youth , [showed] in academic problems , poor peer relationships , low self-esteem , depression , angry , acting-out behavior , and—with the arrival of young adulthood—inability to make vocational commitments , attain ﬁnancial independence , and forge healthy intimate relationships .

Let ’ s turn now to a consideration of children ’ s inner mental lives , as manifested in the dialogues they carry on with themselves .
let ’ s turn now to a consideration of children ’ s inner mental lives , as [showed] in the dialogues they carry on with themselves .

For the most part , the Moorish legacy is manifested in a few local place names , some words in the Ibicenco dialect , and an indelible influence on the island ’ s folk music .
for the most part , the moorish legacy is [showed] in a few local place names , some words in the ibicenco dialect , and an indelible influence on the island ’ s folk music .

When describing patients who have manifested problems with alcohol , we should use definitions such as `` at-risk drinking , '' `` abuse , '' and `` dependence '' to define the continuum of alcohol problems that we see .
when describing patients who have [showed] problems with alcohol , we should use definitions such as `` at-risk drinking , '' `` abuse , '' and `` dependence '' to define the continuum of alcohol problems that we see .

GAO 's work on Y2K began through its research and development program , but the vital importance of this issue has manifested itself in many congressional requests for work that the agency received in fiscal years 1998 and 1999 .
gao 's work on y2k began through its research and development program , but the vital importance of this issue has [showed] itself in many congressional requests for work that the agency received in fiscal years 1998 and 1999 .

Hambali 's newfound interest in striking against the United States manifested itself in a spate of terrorist plans .
hambali 's newfound interest in striking against the united states [showed] itself in a spate of terrorist plans .

Analyzing a total of 1,721 estimates from 188 studies and covering 46 countries , they calculated the following median prevalence estimates : 4.6 per 1,000 for point prevalence ( defined as prevalence during any interval of less than a month ) , 3.3 for period prevalence ( defined as prevalence during a period from 1 to 12 months ) , 4.0 for lifetime prevalence ( the proportion of individuals in the population who have ever manifested the disease and who are alive on a given day ) , and 7.2 for lifetime morbid risk ( which attempts to include the entire lifetime of a birth cohort , both past and future , and includes those deceased at the time of the survey ) .
analyzing a total of 1,721 estimates from 188 studies and covering 46 countries , they calculated the following median prevalence estimates : 4.6 per 1,000 for point prevalence ( defined as prevalence during any interval of less than a month ) , 3.3 for period prevalence ( defined as prevalence during a period from 1 to 12 months ) , 4.0 for lifetime prevalence ( the proportion of individuals in the population who have ever [showed] the disease and who are alive on a given day ) , and 7.2 for lifetime morbid risk ( which attempts to include the entire lifetime of a birth cohort , both past and future , and includes those deceased at the time of the survey ) .

The ninth patient had marked clinical improvement , as ascertained by two independent reviewing physicians and manifested by lessened dyspnea and cancer-related pain .
the ninth patient had marked clinical improvement , as ascertained by two independent reviewing physicians and [showed] by lessened dyspnea and cancer-related pain .

According to researchers at the University of California at San Diego , there is a region of the temporal lobe the stimulation of which , sometimes manifested in the form of seizures , can now be correlated with certain intangible mental experiences .
according to researchers at the university of california at san diego , there is a region of the temporal lobe the stimulation of which , sometimes [showed] in the form of seizures , can now be correlated with certain intangible mental experiences .

Her religious upbringing was easily a match for Rockefeller 's , but it manifested itself in a substantially different way .
her religious upbringing was easily a match for rockefeller 's , but it [showed] itself in a substantially different way .

Even so , analysts ' recommendations have manifested the Wall Street equivalent of grade inflation .
even so , analysts ' recommendations have [showed] the wall street equivalent of grade inflation .

As manifested by voters ' continuing refusal to give Republicans control of Congress , they reasoned , the people obviously liked what Democrats stood for .
as [showed] by voters ' continuing refusal to give republicans control of congress , they reasoned , the people obviously liked what democrats stood for .

In generic terms this is manifested in the replacement of woods by bush , once the inadequacy of woods is recognized , and by the redefinition of words like forest and plain .
in generic terms this is [showed] in the replacement of woods by bush , once the inadequacy of woods is recognized , and by the redefinition of words like forest and plain .

It must be emphasized , of course , that language preceded numeracy , but it is interesting to see how very early in man 's acculturation the ability to deal with the abstract notion of counting manifested itself and was then transferred into an encodable form .
it must be emphasized , of course , that language preceded numeracy , but it is interesting to see how very early in man 's acculturation the ability to deal with the abstract notion of counting [showed] itself and was then transferred into an encodable form .

In 1532 strain came also to imply compulsion , manifested in urethritis by urgency and frequency with scant flow .
in 1532 strain came also to imply compulsion , [showed] in urethritis by urgency and frequency with scant flow .

