The return system , we , we say to the girls they must come back but they 're to be incorporated within the round . So they 'll either phone Grattan or phone Next and it will come on what we call manifests , the green sheet you sign
the return system , we , we say to the girls they must come back but they 're to be incorporated within the round . so they 'll either phone grattan or phone next and it will come on what we call [shows] , the green sheet you sign

They are the tools through which life manifests and functions on the material plane , but without the animating principle — the life force or vital energy — they are nothing more than complex chemistry .
they are the tools through which life [shows] and functions on the material plane , but without the animating principle — the life force or vital energy — they are nothing more than complex chemistry .

The new 58 beautifully manifests the Hood theory that displacement yachts with reduced wetted surface behave better over a wider range of conditions .
the new 58 beautifully [shows] the hood theory that displacement yachts with reduced wetted surface behave better over a wider range of conditions .

First , when we examine a very wide range of psychotic traits in normal people , using questionnaires that contain different kinds of item , we find that they tend to group into clusters closely corresponding to the different ways in which clinical psychosis manifests itself : in emotion , in perception and thinking , and in socially deviant behaviour .
first , when we examine a very wide range of psychotic traits in normal people , using questionnaires that contain different kinds of item , we find that they tend to group into clusters closely corresponding to the different ways in which clinical psychosis [shows] itself : in emotion , in perception and thinking , and in socially deviant behaviour .

Antrim , manifests itself at the surface as a roughly circular depression with a much deeper hole in one part of the area .
antrim , [shows] itself at the surface as a roughly circular depression with a much deeper hole in one part of the area .

Every single thought manifests in some reality perhaps in our future , or past , or in a simultaneous lifetime , or in another dimension of reality ; but it will manifest .
every single thought [shows] in some reality perhaps in our future , or past , or in a simultaneous lifetime , or in another dimension of reality ; but it will manifest .

The Charismatics — part of this evangelical upsurge — feel they have been blessed with the direct gifts of the holy spirit , and one of the main ways in which this manifests itself is speaking in tongues .
the charismatics — part of this evangelical upsurge — feel they have been blessed with the direct gifts of the holy spirit , and one of the main ways in which this [shows] itself is speaking in tongues .

Claris 's state of unreadiness manifests itself when it comes to the selection of features .
claris 's state of unreadiness [shows] itself when it comes to the selection of features .

The latter symptom , common among individualists , manifests itself as a refusal to acknowledge the problem : while seeking to defend complex theoretical claims , individualists frequently take the intuitive truth of their own doctrine to be so overwhelmingly obvious that its opponents scarcely need to be taken seriously .
the latter symptom , common among individualists , [shows] itself as a refusal to acknowledge the problem : while seeking to defend complex theoretical claims , individualists frequently take the intuitive truth of their own doctrine to be so overwhelmingly obvious that its opponents scarcely need to be taken seriously .

This is about as convincing as claiming that her signing ‘ clock ’ manifests her mastery of ‘ time ’ .
this is about as convincing as claiming that her signing ‘ clock ’ [shows] her mastery of ‘ time ’ .

It builds on the argument in the preceding section where it was argued that because the cat sees and tries to extricate the ball stuck in the tree , it thereby manifests only those minimal beliefs that we would attribute directly to a human being in similar circumstances .
it builds on the argument in the preceding section where it was argued that because the cat sees and tries to extricate the ball stuck in the tree , it thereby [shows] only those minimal beliefs that we would attribute directly to a human being in similar circumstances .

Clark does not help his case by talking of the human ‘ subnormal ’ for it is a class , as we have seen , that manifests a wide range of distinctly human abilities .
clark does not help his case by talking of the human ‘ subnormal ’ for it is a class , as we have seen , that [shows] a wide range of distinctly human abilities .

Institutionalised racism manifests itself in insensitive service provision in health and social services , with barriers around language , the pattern of family names and vocabulary .
institutionalised racism [shows] itself in insensitive service provision in health and social services , with barriers around language , the pattern of family names and vocabulary .

In a mild form , this manifests itself as slight swelling , with gums bleeding .
in a mild form , this [shows] itself as slight swelling , with gums bleeding .

But whether the accent on communications manifests as journeys or negotiations , the eclipsed full moon on the 9th will leave a lasting impression .
but whether the accent on communications [shows] as journeys or negotiations , the eclipsed full moon on the 9th will leave a lasting impression .

In the human entity it manifests as consciousness reaching in its highest expression towards wisdom and enlightenment .
in the human entity it [shows] as consciousness reaching in its highest expression towards wisdom and enlightenment .

David Bohm proposed that consciousness is basically in the ‘ implicate order ’ as all matter is , and therefore it is not that consciousness is separate from matter but rather that consciousness manifests in the ‘ explicate order ’ as does all matter .
david bohm proposed that consciousness is basically in the ‘ implicate order ’ as all matter is , and therefore it is not that consciousness is separate from matter but rather that consciousness [shows] in the ‘ explicate order ’ as does all matter .

The romantic fantasy is nurtured in our youth with Enid Blyton books and ghost stories and manifests itself in the invention of tunnel myths .
the romantic fantasy is nurtured in our youth with enid blyton books and ghost stories and [shows] itself in the invention of tunnel myths .

Can the revelation of God in Jesus of which Christians have spoken from the New Testament onwards properly be interpreted simply by saying that Jesus manifests the divine love in the most perfect form attainable on earth ?
can the revelation of god in jesus of which christians have spoken from the new testament onwards properly be interpreted simply by saying that jesus [shows] the divine love in the most perfect form attainable on earth ?

In moral ( or human ) science , by contrast , we deal with that with which we have immediate contact within ourselves — the human spirit and the forms in which it expresses and manifests itself .
in moral ( or human ) science , by contrast , we deal with that with which we have immediate contact within ourselves — the human spirit and the forms in which it expresses and [shows] itself .

’ So , the natural ability goes beyond the physical and manifests itself mentally when players are in the process of play .
’ so , the natural ability goes beyond the physical and [shows] itself mentally when players are in the process of play .

The racism which manifests itself in employment is only one , albeit crucial , part of the general experience of discrimination and subordination that black people have had to confront in Britain .
the racism which [shows] itself in employment is only one , albeit crucial , part of the general experience of discrimination and subordination that black people have had to confront in britain .

He manifests himself to each of us uniquely .
he [shows] himself to each of us uniquely .

The very nature of deafness and the subsequent difficulty in defining the term ‘ deaf ’ , the way it manifests itself in disrupted communication , the history and structure of deaf education and the size of the deaf population , have traditionally given deafness a high profile within special education .
the very nature of deafness and the subsequent difficulty in defining the term ‘ deaf ’ , the way it [shows] itself in disrupted communication , the history and structure of deaf education and the size of the deaf population , have traditionally given deafness a high profile within special education .

This pattern manifests itself even more clearly in the detail of courses .
this pattern [shows] itself even more clearly in the detail of courses .

Stance manifests itself in the adoption of certain approaches , methods or techniques : the experimental method of the scientist , the survey method of the sociologist , the close reading of the student of literature .
stance [shows] itself in the adoption of certain approaches , methods or techniques : the experimental method of the scientist , the survey method of the sociologist , the close reading of the student of literature .

One does come across entrepreneurial academics , but there is still something slightly suspect in the academic world about making , as distinct from earning , money which manifests itself in the grey area of consultancy .
one does come across entrepreneurial academics , but there is still something slightly suspect in the academic world about making , as distinct from earning , money which [shows] itself in the grey area of consultancy .

Although a region is a contingent historical process within the society , just as is a place for an individual , the former , because of its institutional role in the society , manifests itself in a more permanent structure .
although a region is a contingent historical process within the society , just as is a place for an individual , the former , because of its institutional role in the society , [shows] itself in a more permanent structure .

One of the points on the sense-spectrum presented above — and this is typical of the metaphorical variety — has a special status , which manifests itself in two principal ways . First , it is the only sense which can appear in a neutral , or minimal context , as in 69 :
one of the points on the sense-spectrum presented above — and this is typical of the metaphorical variety — has a special status , which [shows] itself in two principal ways . first , it is the only sense which can appear in a neutral , or minimal context , as in 69 :

The latter manifests itself as smooth , waxy blobs on fins and skin , making the fish look as though it had been swimming under a dripping candle .
the latter [shows] itself as smooth , waxy blobs on fins and skin , making the fish look as though it had been swimming under a dripping candle .

it is a nothing , a zero , a mere point , which , however , dwells in all apparent existences , and at the same time is the point of origin whence , on the slightest stimulus , a double appearance presents itself , an appearance which only manifests itself to vanish .
it is a nothing , a zero , a mere point , which , however , dwells in all apparent existences , and at the same time is the point of origin whence , on the slightest stimulus , a double appearance presents itself , an appearance which only [shows] itself to vanish .

The use of collage , together with the irregular rhythms and lurching harmonies , may signify ‘ in the unconscious ’ ( which often manifests itself in irrational jumbles of material ) .
the use of collage , together with the irregular rhythms and lurching harmonies , may signify ‘ in the unconscious ’ ( which often [shows] itself in irrational jumbles of material ) .

This influence manifests itself in melodic shapes ( largely pentatonic falling patterns , but , unlike , say , Chicago blues , also lyrical , sustained , long-breathed ) ; vocal timbre ( rich , open-throated , sensuous ) ; and the use of melisma .
this influence [shows] itself in melodic shapes ( largely pentatonic falling patterns , but , unlike , say , chicago blues , also lyrical , sustained , long-breathed ) ; vocal timbre ( rich , open-throated , sensuous ) ; and the use of melisma .

On the microscopic level , this problem manifests itself in abstractionism .
on the microscopic level , this problem [shows] itself in abstractionism .

It may be that a trait of general carelessness ( apparently associated with anxiety ) manifests as poor quality diary entry , as well as erratic usage of medication resulting in greater maximal variation of peak expiratory flow .
it may be that a trait of general carelessness ( apparently associated with anxiety ) [shows] as poor quality diary entry , as well as erratic usage of medication resulting in greater maximal variation of peak expiratory flow .

Later versions of Bacon can recognise that each star has an intrinsic property which manifests itself as this ’ constant ’ .
later versions of bacon can recognise that each star has an intrinsic property which [shows] itself as this ’ constant ’ .

One way in which this elegance manifests itself is in the large number of algebraic laws which exist between occam programs .
one way in which this elegance [shows] itself is in the large number of algebraic laws which exist between occam programs .

The right to notice manifests itself in a number of ways .
the right to notice [shows] itself in a number of ways .

It manifests an explicit intent to do so when it places a privative clause in a statute empowering a tribunal .
it [shows] an explicit intent to do so when it places a privative clause in a statute empowering a tribunal .

The methodological criterion on which our own study must be based is the following ; that the supremacy of a social group manifests itself in two ways , as ‘ domination ’ and as ‘ intellectual and moral leadership ’ . ( Gramsci 1978 , p.57 )
the methodological criterion on which our own study must be based is the following ; that the supremacy of a social group [shows] itself in two ways , as ‘ domination ’ and as ‘ intellectual and moral leadership ’ . ( gramsci 1978 , p.57 )

This often manifests itself within decision making in terms of who gets their own way within organisations .
this often [shows] itself within decision making in terms of who gets their own way within organisations .

At whatever level it manifests itself , leadership is concerned with standing back from the day-to-day routine of affairs .
at whatever level it [shows] itself , leadership is concerned with standing back from the day-to-day routine of affairs .

In general terms , the first chapter of the book manifests Nash 's intention to treat popfiction , " the art that easily diverts us " , with respect , and to defend it against those readers who scorn it and deny its merits .
in general terms , the first chapter of the book [shows] nash 's intention to treat popfiction , " the art that easily diverts us " , with respect , and to defend it against those readers who scorn it and deny its merits .

For turbulence the problem manifests itself as follows : when one formulates an equation for the double correlation function it involves triple correlations , an equation for these involves fourth-order ones ; and so on .
for turbulence the problem [shows] itself as follows : when one formulates an equation for the double correlation function it involves triple correlations , an equation for these involves fourth-order ones ; and so on .

Egocentrism manifests itself in communicative terms as an inability to take account of another 's point of view ; instead , the world is seen rigidly from the standpoint of the self .
egocentrism [shows] itself in communicative terms as an inability to take account of another 's point of view ; instead , the world is seen rigidly from the standpoint of the self .

Jill Duffy 's psychological involvement in housework , for example , manifests itself in a 105-hour week .
jill duffy 's psychological involvement in housework , for example , [shows] itself in a 105-hour week .

Their conclusions may be summarized quite simply : there is no evidence to show that specific infant-care practices have an unvarying psychological effect on the child that manifests itself in later years .
their conclusions may be summarized quite simply : there is no evidence to show that specific infant-care practices have an unvarying psychological effect on the child that [shows] itself in later years .

Manifests as sudden weakness and shortness of breath with left abdominal pain and marked abdominal swelling .
[shows] as sudden weakness and shortness of breath with left abdominal pain and marked abdominal swelling .

Cerebral oedema is thought to occur in a large proportion of patients towards the end of the treatment cycle , and manifests itself in a number of neuropsychiatric symptoms .
cerebral oedema is thought to occur in a large proportion of patients towards the end of the treatment cycle , and [shows] itself in a number of neuropsychiatric symptoms .

Sexism rarely manifests itself so grotesquely as in the cohabitation rule , and hostility to it among feminists is virtually unanimous .
sexism rarely [shows] itself so grotesquely as in the cohabitation rule , and hostility to it among feminists is virtually unanimous .

In modern clinical psychoanalysis it manifests itself as that part of the ego which represents a critical self-awareness which is both censorious and exhortatory , being the representative of standards , ideals , commands and prohibitions .
in modern clinical psychoanalysis it [shows] itself as that part of the ego which represents a critical self-awareness which is both censorious and exhortatory , being the representative of standards , ideals , commands and prohibitions .

It manifests itself in different ways in different types or organizations .
it [shows] itself in different ways in different types or organizations .

This variation in form manifests itself in different ways , depending on the language .
this variation in form [shows] itself in different ways , depending on the language .

Frequently it manifests itself when people blame the system for difficulties that may well be caused by other factors .
frequently it [shows] itself when people blame the system for difficulties that may well be caused by other factors .

The law of contempt is a doctrine of wide scope which manifests itself in a variety of types of contempt .
the law of contempt is a doctrine of wide scope which [shows] itself in a variety of types of contempt .

This manifests itself in various ways .
this [shows] itself in various ways .

That is , the parallelisms and symmetries which poetry manifests at the level of verbal form automatically cause the reader to look for corresponding parallelisms and symmetries at the level of meaning .
that is , the parallelisms and symmetries which poetry [shows] at the level of verbal form automatically cause the reader to look for corresponding parallelisms and symmetries at the level of meaning .

In words which betray the influence of functionalist sociology , Titmuss wrote : `` social policy … manifests society 's will to survive as an organic whole … and is centred ( on ) those institutions which encourage integration and discourage alienation `` ( Titmuss 1963 : 39 ) .
in words which betray the influence of functionalist sociology , titmuss wrote : `` social policy … [shows] society 's will to survive as an organic whole … and is centred ( on ) those institutions which encourage integration and discourage alienation `` ( titmuss 1963 : 39 ) .

Although , childbearing patterns thus belong to the behavioural sphere , their effect on the viability of offspring manifests itself through biological and physiological factors .
although , childbearing patterns thus belong to the behavioural sphere , their effect on the viability of offspring [shows] itself through biological and physiological factors .

It manifests itself in diamonds as well as in coal , and it has more compounds than any other element .
it [shows] itself in diamonds as well as in coal , and it has more compounds than any other element .

For it is an essential part of the pattern that the complete goddess manifests herself in two antithetical ways — as the Venus of sexual love and the Diana of virginity .
for it is an essential part of the pattern that the complete goddess [shows] herself in two antithetical ways — as the venus of sexual love and the diana of virginity .

But it does make clear a belief that the divine being reveals or manifests its nature in the world .
but it does make clear a belief that the divine being reveals or [shows] its nature in the world .

Do n't be surprised if your grief manifests itself in unexpected ways .
do n't be surprised if your grief [shows] itself in unexpected ways .

Quite often , there 's a moment of truth — the realisation that there 's no way you can actually make all the minimum payments on your credit cards Then , the secret is to seek out the reason for your burning desire to go barmy in Benetton , or wherever your compulsion manifests itself .
quite often , there 's a moment of truth — the realisation that there 's no way you can actually make all the minimum payments on your credit cards then , the secret is to seek out the reason for your burning desire to go barmy in benetton , or wherever your compulsion [shows] itself .

The design of Victorian village schools often manifests a concern for the use of local building materials and the desire to create a picturesque silhouette .
the design of victorian village schools often [shows] a concern for the use of local building materials and the desire to create a picturesque silhouette .

Is not this how we see God revealed in the record of Himself in the Bible ? And does not the fact that God is love mean that when His creation suffers He suffers too ? Above all , does not the cross show that this is how God always acts in and towards the world , eternally vulnerable to the worst of pain and suffering which it manifests ?
is not this how we see god revealed in the record of himself in the bible ? and does not the fact that god is love mean that when his creation suffers he suffers too ? above all , does not the cross show that this is how god always acts in and towards the world , eternally vulnerable to the worst of pain and suffering which it [shows] ?

It is a problem which seems curiously common to left-arm spinners , and manifests itself with the bowler either failing to release the ball , or propelling it vertically into the air .
it is a problem which seems curiously common to left-arm spinners , and [shows] itself with the bowler either failing to release the ball , or propelling it vertically into the air .

Pearson ( 1983 ) further showed that the identification of these groups as ‘ the dangerous classes ’ manifests itself as a continuous historical phenomenon .
pearson ( 1983 ) further showed that the identification of these groups as ‘ the dangerous classes ’ [shows] itself as a continuous historical phenomenon .

The creation of this order at the time a new Official Secrets Bill was being pushed through Parliament by an increasingly interventionist government is significant , and the idea of a senior officer 's having ‘ first read ’ of any essay to maintain the integrity of the institution manifests the importance of the legalized surveillance of allegedly dangerous material and enhances the separation of the world of control from that academic enquiry ; although its implementation is only randomly applied .
the creation of this order at the time a new official secrets bill was being pushed through parliament by an increasingly interventionist government is significant , and the idea of a senior officer 's having ‘ first read ’ of any essay to maintain the integrity of the institution [shows] the importance of the legalized surveillance of allegedly dangerous material and enhances the separation of the world of control from that academic enquiry ; although its implementation is only randomly applied .

As a result of the infection , the small blood-vessels supplying the skin become blocked and the resulting diminution of the blood-supply leads to local death of tissue , which manifests itself as the primary chancre .
as a result of the infection , the small blood-vessels supplying the skin become blocked and the resulting diminution of the blood-supply leads to local death of tissue , which [shows] itself as the primary chancre .

For a while there are speeches , then half the hall is up , performing song after song for us , the visitors , and for themselves as their pride in being Ngati Pamoana manifests itself .
for a while there are speeches , then half the hall is up , performing song after song for us , the visitors , and for themselves as their pride in being ngati pamoana [shows] itself .

In all but the smallest operations planning manifests itself as work schedules , by whatever name , be it cleaning rotas , cleaning schedules or similar .
in all but the smallest operations planning [shows] itself as work schedules , by whatever name , be it cleaning rotas , cleaning schedules or similar .

This conflictive relationship between popular culture and official culture manifests itself in Augusto Roa Bastos 's Son of Man , in the life-sized figure of Christ carved by a leper , which , despite the disapproval of the ecclesiastical authorities , is venerated by the townsfolk of Itapé in preference to the stylized crucifix in the local church .
this conflictive relationship between popular culture and official culture [shows] itself in augusto roa bastos 's son of man , in the life-sized figure of christ carved by a leper , which , despite the disapproval of the ecclesiastical authorities , is venerated by the townsfolk of itapé in preference to the stylized crucifix in the local church .

’ What has bitten ‘ us ’ , the transpersonal Gadarene motif of The Possessed , manifests itself through the dotty plan for a dinner just as eloquently as through the murder in the park .
’ what has bitten ‘ us ’ , the transpersonal gadarene motif of the possessed , [shows] itself through the dotty plan for a dinner just as eloquently as through the murder in the park .

Jacob Viner , an economist writing on Augustan satire , manifests a similar attitude .
jacob viner , an economist writing on augustan satire , [shows] a similar attitude .

The difference is essentially one of the spirit and it manifests itself in the habits and attitudes of country folk .
the difference is essentially one of the spirit and it [shows] itself in the habits and attitudes of country folk .

For managers , the issue manifests itself at a more procedural level , and is now revolving around resource management .
for managers , the issue [shows] itself at a more procedural level , and is now revolving around resource management .

In order to achieve the state of energy that manifests as a rested body and mind , we must become active against our negative emotions as well as following other disciplines on a daily basis .
in order to achieve the state of energy that [shows] as a rested body and mind , we must become active against our negative emotions as well as following other disciplines on a daily basis .

For this kind of disproportionality only appears if an over-production of means of production has taken place and manifests itself externally as an over-production of means of consumption .
for this kind of disproportionality only appears if an over-production of means of production has taken place and [shows] itself externally as an over-production of means of consumption .

These are related to vitality and sensitives can frequently see disease here before it manifests in the physical .
these are related to vitality and sensitives can frequently see disease here before it [shows] in the physical .

Paul Devereux , in the context of Earth Lights , suggests that the percipient may have a real effect on how the energy actually manifests .
paul devereux , in the context of earth lights , suggests that the percipient may have a real effect on how the energy actually [shows] .

Because it was not clear to us whether the TIPOFF terrorist watchlist was checked by the FBI , the Terrorist Screening Center checked the names of individuals on the flight manifests of six Saudi flights against the current TIPOFF watchlist at our request prior to our hearing in April 2004 .
because it was not clear to us whether the tipoff terrorist watchlist was checked by the fbi , the terrorist screening center checked the names of individuals on the flight [shows] of six saudi flights against the current tipoff watchlist at our request prior to our hearing in april 2004 .

Humans get kuru , Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease ( CJD ) , and Gerstmann-Sträussler-Scheinker syndrome—all rare—and BSE itself manifests in people as a variant form of CJD .
humans get kuru , creutzfeldt-jacob disease ( cjd ) , and gerstmann-sträussler-scheinker syndrome—all rare—and bse itself [shows] in people as a variant form of cjd .

Tell him , in your own words , that it pleases you that he manifests such happy feelings , but the musical expression of his joy distracts you and keeps you from putting out your very best work .
tell him , in your own words , that it pleases you that he [shows] such happy feelings , but the musical expression of his joy distracts you and keeps you from putting out your very best work .

For lexicographers , this manifests itself most annoyingly in the poor state of dictionary reviewing .
for lexicographers , this [shows] itself most annoyingly in the poor state of dictionary reviewing .

There is not even a flash of recognition of the irony that this philosophy manifests itself in a big international art show where brings together artists of every race , nationality , and sexual orientation to proclaim that they are despised and ignored .
there is not even a flash of recognition of the irony that this philosophy [shows] itself in a big international art show where brings together artists of every race , nationality , and sexual orientation to proclaim that they are despised and ignored .

White race-consciousness manifests itself in two forms : as blessing and as burden .
white race-consciousness [shows] itself in two forms : as blessing and as burden .

