There will be no mitigation of these offences until all art schools , whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation -- as do medical schools -- by an art accreditation group such as the `` National Association of Schools of Art '' .
there will be no [easing] of these offences until all art schools , whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation -- as do medical schools -- by an art accreditation group such as the `` national association of schools of art '' .

Having pleaded guilty , a solicitor can say what they choose in mitigation .
having pleaded guilty , a solicitor can say what they choose in [easing] .

In mitigation , Oxford lack confidence and are frightened about the drop .
in [easing] , oxford lack confidence and are frightened about the drop .

In his own mitigation Harty said the previous day he had been clearing out his garage and come across long forgotten fishing tackle .
in his own [easing] harty said the previous day he had been clearing out his garage and come across long forgotten fishing tackle .

In mitigation Ronald Coia said Mr Siddle had been at his son 's home but decided he had to get away from the festivities .
in [easing] ronald coia said mr siddle had been at his son 's home but decided he had to get away from the festivities .

In mitigation Lawrence Hazell , for Muise , said he committed the offence because he owed some people £110 .
in [easing] lawrence hazell , for muise , said he committed the offence because he owed some people £110 .

In mitigation he wrote a letter to Lowell and hoped Zoe would n't open it .
in [easing] he wrote a letter to lowell and hoped zoe would n't open it .

In mitigation Lawrence Hazell said the defendant had acted stupidly in accepting invitations to drive cars he knew were stolen .
in [easing] lawrence hazell said the defendant had acted stupidly in accepting invitations to drive cars he knew were stolen .

In mitigation Charles Foster for Coulson said his client was not the villain of the piece and had lost £9,000 through his involvement .
in [easing] charles foster for coulson said his client was not the villain of the piece and had lost £9,000 through his involvement .

So , at the age of 31 , instead of standing in court in a pinstripe making pleas in mitigation for the Saturday night disorderly drunks , he is on the road to fame , suitcase and guitar in hand .
so , at the age of 31 , instead of standing in court in a pinstripe making pleas in [easing] for the saturday night disorderly drunks , he is on the road to fame , suitcase and guitar in hand .

Increasingly the emphasis is on the identification and mitigation of pollution .
increasingly the emphasis is on the identification and [easing] of pollution .

Solicitors are carefully nurtured taking the relatively simple cases and mitigation pleas .
solicitors are carefully nurtured taking the relatively simple cases and [easing] pleas .

Not only did professionalism provide an efficient conduct of business , but it may also have tended , by its nature , to some mitigation of the competitiveness of international life .
not only did professionalism provide an efficient conduct of business , but it may also have tended , by its nature , to some [easing] of the competitiveness of international life .

But he also wished to exclude from consideration all ‘ mitigating ’ factors , such as the personal characteristics of the offender and the circumstances of the offence , since he saw these as irrelevant to effective deterrence ( as was the concept of ‘ mitigation ’ itself ) .
but he also wished to exclude from consideration all ‘ mitigating ’ factors , such as the personal characteristics of the offender and the circumstances of the offence , since he saw these as irrelevant to effective deterrence ( as was the concept of ‘ [easing] ’ itself ) .

His activities had been known to some antislavery figures long before , but in 1814 his Mitigation of Slavery was published along with an extensive and favourable account by the Scots abolitionist William Dickson in the form of Letters to Thomas Clarkson .
his activities had been known to some antislavery figures long before , but in 1814 his [easing] of slavery was published along with an extensive and favourable account by the scots abolitionist william dickson in the form of letters to thomas clarkson .

The reformers established a succession of central bodies claiming national leadership and co-ordination of the cause and adjacent to political power in London ; the Abolition Committee ( 1787 ) , the African Institution ( 1807 ) , the Society for the Mitigation and Gradual Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Dominions ( the Anti-Slavery Society , 1823 ) , the British and Foreign Society for the Universal Abolition of Negro Slavery and the Slave Trade ( the successor to the Agency committee from 1834 ) , the Central Negro Emancipation Committee ( 1837 ) and the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society ( 1839 ) .
the reformers established a succession of central bodies claiming national leadership and co-ordination of the cause and adjacent to political power in london ; the abolition committee ( 1787 ) , the african institution ( 1807 ) , the society for the [easing] and gradual abolition of slavery throughout the british dominions ( the anti-slavery society , 1823 ) , the british and foreign society for the universal abolition of negro slavery and the slave trade ( the successor to the agency committee from 1834 ) , the central negro emancipation committee ( 1837 ) and the british and foreign anti-slavery society ( 1839 ) .

Lying is never due to witchcraft , nor can it excuse adultery ; a thief can not plead in mitigation that he was bewitched , for witchcraft is not recognized as a cause of theft .
lying is never due to witchcraft , nor can it excuse adultery ; a thief can not plead in [easing] that he was bewitched , for witchcraft is not recognized as a cause of theft .

Lees argues that such ‘ provocation ’ is regularly used by some male defendants as a defence or mitigation for killing ‘ their ’ wives and lovers .
lees argues that such ‘ provocation ’ is regularly used by some male defendants as a defence or [easing] for killing ‘ their ’ wives and lovers .

In criminal matters you should know the sentencing powers of the court in case your client is convicted ; not only may this help you in your plea in mitigation ( if one is possible ) , but it is your duty to intervene if the judge by mistake exceeds his powers .
in criminal matters you should know the sentencing powers of the court in case your client is convicted ; not only may this help you in your plea in [easing] ( if one is possible ) , but it is your duty to intervene if the judge by mistake exceeds his powers .

The defendant at the Crown Court instructs his advisers that he has assets or resources from which substantial compensation can be paid , in the hope of securing some mitigation of the sentence .
the defendant at the crown court instructs his advisers that he has assets or resources from which substantial compensation can be paid , in the hope of securing some [easing] of the sentence .

When the sentence has been passed , possibly ( as the sentencer indicated in this case ) with the benefit of some mitigation , it is discovered that the means to pay either did not exist or have in one way or another disappeared .
when the sentence has been passed , possibly ( as the sentencer indicated in this case ) with the benefit of some [easing] , it is discovered that the means to pay either did not exist or have in one way or another disappeared .

Often in the past the Court has quashed the compensation order on this ground , leaving the appellant with the benefit of the mitigation .
often in the past the court has quashed the compensation order on this ground , leaving the appellant with the benefit of the [easing] .

All that is left is the mitigation plea for McLean .
all that is left is the [easing] plea for mclean .

Thus a cleruchy was imposed on Andros in 450 , perhaps on Euboia too , since tribute from these islands drops after 450 , one sign of a cleruchy : loss of land brought mitigation of tribute .
thus a cleruchy was imposed on andros in 450 , perhaps on euboia too , since tribute from these islands drops after 450 , one sign of a cleruchy : loss of land brought [easing] of tribute .

Shifts could be made from one monoculture to another in response to market conditions and were made both in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries ; but they were made without any fundamental change in the traditional crop economy or any mitigation of the problems of rural under-employment .
shifts could be made from one monoculture to another in response to market conditions and were made both in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries ; but they were made without any fundamental change in the traditional crop economy or any [easing] of the problems of rural under-employment .

Its purpose will not be to make recommendations about sentencing or to be a plea in mitigation .
its purpose will not be to make recommendations about sentencing or to be a plea in [easing] .

She told me that there was nothing to be said for death , nothing in mitigation : it was extinction , the end .
she told me that there was nothing to be said for death , nothing in [easing] : it was extinction , the end .

Much of the material on which the Home Secretary is likely to base his decision will have been available to the prisoner at his trial : the evidence , both for and against him , any reports considered by the court , and remarks in mitigation made on his behalf ( as is now the practice ) .
much of the material on which the home secretary is likely to base his decision will have been available to the prisoner at his trial : the evidence , both for and against him , any reports considered by the court , and remarks in [easing] made on his behalf ( as is now the practice ) .

His plea of guilty to manslaughter was accepted by the prosecution with the approval of the judge , who granted defence counsel 's application for an adjournment to call character witnesses in mitigation .
his plea of guilty to manslaughter was accepted by the prosecution with the approval of the judge , who granted defence counsel 's application for an adjournment to call character witnesses in [easing] .

‘ We shall protect buried treasure by extending the provisions of Statutory Instrument 1199 for evaluation and mitigation statements to cover the buried historical environment , and shall introduce legislation to protect ‘ portable antiquities ’ superseding the existing legislation covering treasure trove .
‘ we shall protect buried treasure by extending the provisions of statutory instrument 1199 for evaluation and [easing] statements to cover the buried historical environment , and shall introduce legislation to protect ‘ portable antiquities ’ superseding the existing legislation covering treasure trove .

In January 1644 , assessed at £1,000 , he pleaded for a mitigation ; his lack of money may have been due to personal extravagance at court as much as political troubles .
in january 1644 , assessed at £1,000 , he pleaded for a [easing] ; his lack of money may have been due to personal extravagance at court as much as political troubles .

This could involve an adjournment for legal aid application , social welfare report , referral to another solicitor , bail application or simply suggestions for a plea in mitigation .
this could involve an adjournment for legal aid application , social welfare report , referral to another solicitor , bail application or simply suggestions for a plea in [easing] .

If , on the other hand , it was felt that liability could somehow be imposed for an innocent breach of the rule , mitigation could be pleaded , with a corresponding reduction in any penalty .
if , on the other hand , it was felt that liability could somehow be imposed for an innocent breach of the rule , [easing] could be pleaded , with a corresponding reduction in any penalty .

Second , there is a range of powers under the heading ‘ mitigation of injurious effect of public works ’ .
second , there is a range of powers under the heading ‘ [easing] of injurious effect of public works ’ .

1.45 Pleadings in running-down cases are usually in common form and none more so than the defence — often a straight denial of everything the plaintiff claims , although Ord 18 , r12 ( 1 ) ( c ) requires that where a claim for damages is made against a party , a defence must contain particulars of any facts on which the party relies in mitigation of , or otherwise in relation to , the amount of damages .
1.45 pleadings in running-down cases are usually in common form and none more so than the defence — often a straight denial of everything the plaintiff claims , although ord 18 , r12 ( 1 ) ( c ) requires that where a claim for damages is made against a party , a defence must contain particulars of any facts on which the party relies in [easing] of , or otherwise in relation to , the amount of damages .

The Clinton administration has endorsed a practice known as " mitigation banking " , under which property owners are allowed to develop protected wetlands in exchange for a payment into a fund to restore other wetland areas .
the clinton administration has endorsed a practice known as " [easing] banking " , under which property owners are allowed to develop protected wetlands in exchange for a payment into a fund to restore other wetland areas .

Even then , the limits of such danger are bounded by the age of the child or children involved and the child 's socio-sexual maturity , while mitigation may lie in the knowledgeable cooperation or even encouragement of the youngster concerned .
even then , the limits of such danger are bounded by the age of the child or children involved and the child 's socio-sexual maturity , while [easing] may lie in the knowledgeable cooperation or even encouragement of the youngster concerned .

With very few exceptions the rule is that Parliament determines the maximum penalty and it is then for the courts , having heard the evidence , and seen the defendant in person , and heard what can be said in mitigation on his behalf , to decide upon the appropriate punishment in all the circumstances of the case .
with very few exceptions the rule is that parliament determines the maximum penalty and it is then for the courts , having heard the evidence , and seen the defendant in person , and heard what can be said in [easing] on his behalf , to decide upon the appropriate punishment in all the circumstances of the case .

As many practitioners know only too well , many pleas in mitigation would hardly get off the ground if they were not able to point to the possibility of the accused losing his job if he were sent to prison or were to have his driving licence suspended .
as many practitioners know only too well , many pleas in [easing] would hardly get off the ground if they were not able to point to the possibility of the accused losing his job if he were sent to prison or were to have his driving licence suspended .

In such a case the compliance would doubtless be a strong factor in mitigation of sentence .
in such a case the compliance would doubtless be a strong factor in [easing] of sentence .

No mitigation would be allowed for the fact that loyalty , not financial gain , was his motive .
no [easing] would be allowed for the fact that loyalty , not financial gain , was his motive .

Health and Safety at Work : Degree of Risk and Mitigation of Sentence
health and safety at work : degree of risk and [easing] of sentence

’ Emerson noticed this propensity of flags to make ordinary people ‘ poets and mystics ’ , to set off a tingle in the blood ; and flags were festooned round Iran-contra like bunting , exceedingly hard Brought to trial , the players could not believe that their love for their country had caused them to commit crimes ; and the light penalties handed down to all these men , with only Poindexter receiving a jail sentence , suggested that the judges , to some degree , accepted patriotism in mitigation .
’ emerson noticed this propensity of flags to make ordinary people ‘ poets and mystics ’ , to set off a tingle in the blood ; and flags were festooned round iran-contra like bunting , exceedingly hard brought to trial , the players could not believe that their love for their country had caused them to commit crimes ; and the light penalties handed down to all these men , with only poindexter receiving a jail sentence , suggested that the judges , to some degree , accepted patriotism in [easing] .

Drunkenness due to one 's own fault is in itself no defence to a criminal charge ; and this is probably true also of drunkenness not due to one 's own fault — though no doubt the fact that it was not due to one 's own fault would be a ground for mitigation of punishment .
drunkenness due to one 's own fault is in itself no defence to a criminal charge ; and this is probably true also of drunkenness not due to one 's own fault — though no doubt the fact that it was not due to one 's own fault would be a ground for [easing] of punishment .

This is often linked with a supposed denunciatory effect — the idea that the mandatory life sentence denounces murder as emphatically as possible — and with a supposed general deterrent effect , in declaring that there is no mitigation of sentence available for this crime .
this is often linked with a supposed denunciatory effect — the idea that the mandatory life sentence denounces murder as emphatically as possible — and with a supposed general deterrent effect , in declaring that there is no [easing] of sentence available for this crime .

It would be possible to absorb provocation into a wider notion of ‘ extreme emotional disturbance ’ , as the American Model Penal Code does , so that the key to mitigation would be the extent of the defendant 's psychological disturbance at the time of the killing rather than the reasons for it .
it would be possible to absorb provocation into a wider notion of ‘ extreme emotional disturbance ’ , as the american model penal code does , so that the key to [easing] would be the extent of the defendant 's psychological disturbance at the time of the killing rather than the reasons for it .

Whatever she can urge in mitigation , she is a fallen woman for the rest of her life .
whatever she can urge in [easing] , she is a fallen woman for the rest of her life .

In any case , Charles Henstock cared little for creature comforts , and had lived there for several years , alone , in appalling conditions of cold and discomfort , until his marriage to Dimity Dean , a few years before , had brought companionship and a slight mitigation of the hardship of his surroundings .
in any case , charles henstock cared little for creature comforts , and had lived there for several years , alone , in appalling conditions of cold and discomfort , until his marriage to dimity dean , a few years before , had brought companionship and a slight [easing] of the hardship of his surroundings .

appraisal of circumstances possibly leading to a mitigation of sentence made by the Recorder , principal residing judge at the old Sessions House ( now the Central Criminal Court ) after the Lord Chief Justice .
appraisal of circumstances possibly leading to a [easing] of sentence made by the recorder , principal residing judge at the old sessions house ( now the central criminal court ) after the lord chief justice .

Mitigation of loss
[easing] of loss

Mitigation of loss
[easing] of loss

Two factors may be pleaded in mitigation .
two factors may be pleaded in [easing] .

Whatever excuses or explanations may be offered in mitigation of the numerous indictments that may be levelled against the organised religions , surely nothing can vindicate their apparent widespread abandonment of responsibility to denounce the decline of standards on all moral fronts .
whatever excuses or explanations may be offered in [easing] of the numerous indictments that may be levelled against the organised religions , surely nothing can vindicate their apparent widespread abandonment of responsibility to denounce the decline of standards on all moral fronts .

The defence barrister , David Lane , then stood up to offer some brief remarks in mitigation .
the defence barrister , david lane , then stood up to offer some brief remarks in [easing] .

FEMA also faces special mission-related challenges , including providing timely responses to disaster aid requests , preventing or reducing harm and losses from future disasters through cost-effective mitigation efforts , and working effectively with other federal , state , and local programs .
fema also faces special mission-related challenges , including providing timely responses to disaster aid requests , preventing or reducing harm and losses from future disasters through cost-effective [easing] efforts , and working effectively with other federal , state , and local programs .

Established in 1979 , the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) is responsible for the coordination of civil emergency planning and mitigation as well as the coordination of federal disaster relief .
established in 1979 , the federal emergency management agency ( fema ) is responsible for the coordination of civil emergency planning and [easing] as well as the coordination of federal disaster relief .

FEMA 's new , `` all-hazard '' mission takes a multifaceted , sequential approach to managing disasters : mitigation , preparedness , response , and recovery .
fema 's new , `` all-hazard '' mission takes a multifaceted , sequential approach to managing disasters : [easing] , preparedness , response , and recovery .

Case Illustration : Coast Guard The mission of the Coast Guard 's Office of Marine Safety , Security and Environmental Protection is to protect the public , the environment , and U.S. economic interests through the prevention and mitigation ofmarine incidents .
case illustration : coast guard the mission of the coast guard 's office of marine safety , security and environmental protection is to protect the public , the environment , and u.s. economic interests through the prevention and [easing] ofmarine incidents .

Office of the General Counsel B-272940 August 8 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable James A. Leach Chairman The Honorable Henry B. Gonzalez Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking and Financial Services House of Representatives Subject : Department of Housing and Urban Development : Single Family Mortgage Insurance ; Loss Mitigation Procedures Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) , entitled `` Single Family Mortgage Insurance ; Loss Mitigation Procedures '' ( RIN : 2502-AG72 ) .
office of the general counsel b-272940 august 8 , 1996 the honorable alfonse d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable james a. leach chairman the honorable henry b. gonzalez ranking minority member committee on banking and financial services house of representatives subject : department of housing and urban development : single family mortgage insurance ; loss [easing] procedures pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of housing and urban development ( hud ) , entitled `` single family mortgage insurance ; loss [easing] procedures '' ( rin : 2502-ag72 ) .

That document analyzes the various loss mitigation procedures promulgated in the interim rule and concludes that HUD will realize an annual net saving of $ 545 million from implementation of the interim rule .
that document analyzes the various loss [easing] procedures promulgated in the interim rule and concludes that hud will realize an annual net saving of $ 545 million from implementation of the interim rule .

This work may also include an assessment of policy alternatives , identification of risks and risk mitigation efforts , and a variety of analytical services to aid government officials in performing their responsibilities and stewardship of government resources .
this work may also include an assessment of policy alternatives , identification of risks and risk [easing] efforts , and a variety of analytical services to aid government officials in performing their responsibilities and stewardship of government resources .

Some of the organizations performed expert analysis on incidents reported to them by members or the public and provided analyses and alerts to the members that included information on the incident 's level of threat and any possible mitigation techniques .
some of the organizations performed expert analysis on incidents reported to them by members or the public and provided analyses and alerts to the members that included information on the incident 's level of threat and any possible [easing] techniques .

Climate change mitigation policy has been the main application of the AMIGA system to date .
climate change [easing] policy has been the main application of the amiga system to date .

This might not be altogether surprising , at least not now , given that the polyphenol is already associated with health benefits in humans , notably the mitigation of such age-related defects as neurodegeneration , carcinogenesis , and atherosclerosis .
this might not be altogether surprising , at least not now , given that the polyphenol is already associated with health benefits in humans , notably the [easing] of such age-related defects as neurodegeneration , carcinogenesis , and atherosclerosis .

Scientists and national defenders can collaborate by supporting and doing open research on the optimal design of monitoring networks and mitigation strategies for all kinds of biological attacks ( Wein et al .
scientists and national defenders can collaborate by supporting and doing open research on the optimal design of monitoring networks and [easing] strategies for all kinds of biological attacks ( wein et al .

Witt wants to devote his efforts to `` mitigation '' instead , to helping localities prepare better for the next disaster .
witt wants to devote his efforts to `` [easing] '' instead , to helping localities prepare better for the next disaster .

