Policies modified
policies [changed]

Using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons , Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage .
using a steering system that controlled the [changed] rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons , fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage .

In recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the Kennedy Administration , basic United States strategy has been modified -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible .
in recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy reappraisal by the kennedy administration , basic united states strategy has been [changed] -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the accidental-war danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible .

or it may involve more subtle distinctions : the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged , its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified , or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head .
or it may involve more subtle distinctions : the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged , its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly [changed] , or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head .

That is to say Gabriel's fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more .
that is to say gabriel's fundamental law had been so much [changed] by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more .

What I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals , or modified liberals , with perhaps one exception .
what i want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals , or [changed] liberals , with perhaps one exception .

In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow .
in this case also the design of the thermometer can be [changed] to reduce the helium film flow .

There is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out , and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear , so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar .
there is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out , and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear , so the statement should be [changed] by stating that the mechanics are similar .

Whether this abnormal TSH differs chemically from pituitary TSH , or is , alternatively , normal TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary Aj .
whether this abnormal tsh differs chemically from pituitary tsh , or is , alternatively , normal tsh with its period of effectiveness [changed] by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary aj .

In discussing the process of communication , Loomis defines it as `` the process by which information , decisions , and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge , opinions , and attitudes are formed , or modified by interaction '' .
in discussing the process of communication , loomis defines it as `` the process by which information , decisions , and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge , opinions , and attitudes are formed , or [changed] by interaction '' .

( E. G. Erdos , L. E. Boggs , C. D. Mackey ) biophysical studies on modified fibrous proteins
( e. g. erdos , l. e. boggs , c. d. mackey ) biophysical studies on [changed] fibrous proteins

the polyether group generally consists of foams produced with polypropylene glycol or polypropylene glycol modified with a triol .
the polyether group generally consists of foams produced with polypropylene glycol or polypropylene glycol [changed] with a triol .

The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure .
the platform accelerometers must be slightly [changed] for this procedure .

Labour 's manifesto was also launched and Mr. Kinnock promised to abolish the Community Charge immediately and replace it with a modified version of the old rates system based on ability to pay .
labour 's manifesto was also launched and mr. kinnock promised to abolish the community charge immediately and replace it with a [changed] version of the old rates system based on ability to pay .

This is Snoopy , a much modified Hercules , dedicated almost entirely to finding out more about our weather .
this is snoopy , a much [changed] hercules , dedicated almost entirely to finding out more about our weather .

The horse 's genetic programming can be modified , however , by its upbringing and experiences .
the horse 's genetic programming can be [changed] , however , by its upbringing and experiences .

Deborah Sherwin , prosecuting , said many of the guns were modified in order to disable them but not sufficiently in the view of scientists who examined them .
deborah sherwin , prosecuting , said many of the guns were [changed] in order to disable them but not sufficiently in the view of scientists who examined them .

‘ We have modified it a little already by putting back the starting time from 10 to 10.30 , ’ he said .
‘ we have [changed] it a little already by putting back the starting time from 10 to 10.30 , ’ he said .

The tone of his detractors is modified , however , by those who fear that without Birt the right wing of the Conservative party would bring in a regime even less to their taste .
the tone of his detractors is [changed] , however , by those who fear that without birt the right wing of the conservative party would bring in a regime even less to their taste .

County councillors yesterday agreed the scheme should be introduced , with modified humps specially adapted for the buses on the main routes along Coleridge Gardens and Hammond Drive .
county councillors yesterday agreed the scheme should be introduced , with [changed] humps specially adapted for the buses on the main routes along coleridge gardens and hammond drive .

Labour 's Coun. Jim Skinner said a planned review of bus routes could be modified to take account of air pollution levels .
labour 's coun. jim skinner said a planned review of bus routes could be [changed] to take account of air pollution levels .

As the novel moves on , the humour is modified but often the comedy scenes intensify the serious ones .
as the novel moves on , the humour is [changed] but often the comedy scenes intensify the serious ones .

The operation of the market may be modified , of course , by government intervention , but in general the ‘ market ’ functions as a sort of semi-automatic , impersonal control device .
the operation of the market may be [changed] , of course , by government intervention , but in general the ‘ market ’ functions as a sort of semi-automatic , impersonal control device .

First there was the illustrated slide show he gave in the village hall about walking in the dales where , sensitive to the good burghers of Sedbergh , he modified his vocabulary .
first there was the illustrated slide show he gave in the village hall about walking in the dales where , sensitive to the good burghers of sedbergh , he [changed] his vocabulary .

That 's probably a set of tyres or something - it 's not a great deal of money in this day and age - but then failure is limited to actual breakage , wear and tear is excluded , it does n't cover the cost of working materials such as gaskets , if the vehicle has been modified in any way it 's excluded , it excludes any personal injury resulting from the breakdown , it covers erm the schedule is invalid if you have not covered the servicing aspects on page ten , the servicing aspects on page ten require you within ten days or two hundred and fifty miles of three thousand miles intervals — most cars now are six thousand mile intervals — to have the oil changed , so there 's a built-in additional service , and so it goes on .
that 's probably a set of tyres or something - it 's not a great deal of money in this day and age - but then failure is limited to actual breakage , wear and tear is excluded , it does n't cover the cost of working materials such as gaskets , if the vehicle has been [changed] in any way it 's excluded , it excludes any personal injury resulting from the breakdown , it covers erm the schedule is invalid if you have not covered the servicing aspects on page ten , the servicing aspects on page ten require you within ten days or two hundred and fifty miles of three thousand miles intervals — most cars now are six thousand mile intervals — to have the oil changed , so there 's a built-in additional service , and so it goes on .

There is no need for diabetics to eat modified food .
there is no need for diabetics to eat [changed] food .

It has now been modified .
it has now been [changed] .

The Liverpool fences came in for considerable criticism over their stiffness — unlike the Grand National ones from trainers , with several vowing never to return until they were modified .
the liverpool fences came in for considerable criticism over their stiffness — unlike the grand national ones from trainers , with several vowing never to return until they were [changed] .

‘ Even a mature product such as ‘ Diakon ’ offers scope for exciting new developments to extend its range of applications , ’ he says , ‘ We have recently introduced impact modified grades with improved toughness and craze resistance , which are being used for such things as food mixer bowls , blood filters and tooth-brush handles , and a research programme we are engaged in has produced acrylics with very much higher softening points — likely candidates for automotive head lamp lenses and other lighting applications .
‘ even a mature product such as ‘ diakon ’ offers scope for exciting new developments to extend its range of applications , ’ he says , ‘ we have recently introduced impact [changed] grades with improved toughness and craze resistance , which are being used for such things as food mixer bowls , blood filters and tooth-brush handles , and a research programme we are engaged in has produced acrylics with very much higher softening points — likely candidates for automotive head lamp lenses and other lighting applications .

That left the 190bhp , 150mph heavily modified Ford Escort — prepared by Eric for his son — without a driver .
that left the 190bhp , 150mph heavily [changed] ford escort — prepared by eric for his son — without a driver .

Actually the scale distribution can be modified somewhat by shaping the pivoted element .
actually the scale distribution can be [changed] somewhat by shaping the pivoted element .

For these reasons it is seldom used for current measurement nowadays but it does find application in a modified form of operation that enables electrical power to be measured in both direct and alternating-current circuits at frequencies up to a few hundred hertz .
for these reasons it is seldom used for current measurement nowadays but it does find application in a [changed] form of operation that enables electrical power to be measured in both direct and alternating-current circuits at frequencies up to a few hundred hertz .

The various bridges considered can be modified to allow the inductance of an inductor to be measured as a function of the direct current carried .
the various bridges considered can be [changed] to allow the inductance of an inductor to be measured as a function of the direct current carried .

Amplifier circuits that oscillate parasitically through accidental positive feedback are said to be unstable and , unless their design can be modified to render them stable , are useless for amplification purposes .
amplifier circuits that oscillate parasitically through accidental positive feedback are said to be unstable and , unless their design can be [changed] to render them stable , are useless for amplification purposes .

When the denominator of G(s) contains repeated factors , the Heavyside expansion theorem must be modified . Consider the transform Multiplying through by it will be appreciated that Furthermore and in general
when the denominator of g(s) contains repeated factors , the heavyside expansion theorem must be [changed] . consider the transform multiplying through by it will be appreciated that furthermore and in general

Complex products that need written instructions may need to be modified to meet the educational level and skills of the particular culture .
complex products that need written instructions may need to be [changed] to meet the educational level and skills of the particular culture .

We did things like ‘ The Knife ’ ; that came fairly early on but got modified later .
we did things like ‘ the knife ’ ; that came fairly early on but got [changed] later .

On this bass the two single-coil J-type pickups are Bartolinis , which are often thought of as almost over-efficient , with a too-bright sound , but this characteristic ( shared by the Pedullas reviewed recently ) can be modified by the onboard circuitry .
on this bass the two single-coil j-type pickups are bartolinis , which are often thought of as almost over-efficient , with a too-bright sound , but this characteristic ( shared by the pedullas reviewed recently ) can be [changed] by the onboard circuitry .

When you have finished with the artwork , it can be stored in a stiff envelope or a file , along with the component layout diagram , so that it can be modified or re-used at a later date .
when you have finished with the artwork , it can be stored in a stiff envelope or a file , along with the component layout diagram , so that it can be [changed] or re-used at a later date .

Their circadian rhythm became modified accordingly .
their circadian rhythm became [changed] accordingly .

When Charles Temple , impelled by his love of logical discourse , asked himself what might be the ultimate evolution of the system of Indirect Rule , he replied that , by allowing ‘ natural conditions to exert their influence in a manner modified to meet the requirements of the native group ’ , Indirect rule would ‘ in due course of time ’ , render that group ‘ robust enough to stand by itself ’ .
when charles temple , impelled by his love of logical discourse , asked himself what might be the ultimate evolution of the system of indirect rule , he replied that , by allowing ‘ natural conditions to exert their influence in a manner [changed] to meet the requirements of the native group ’ , indirect rule would ‘ in due course of time ’ , render that group ‘ robust enough to stand by itself ’ .

If the ‘ feedback ’ process shows that the subject is not acceptable to the other person , it may be dropped or modified or changed .
if the ‘ feedback ’ process shows that the subject is not acceptable to the other person , it may be dropped or [changed] or changed .

This type of Mantis Shrimp kills its prey with a ‘ punch ’ delivered by modified claws .
this type of mantis shrimp kills its prey with a ‘ punch ’ delivered by [changed] claws .

As Lampi enthuses : ‘ It 's not a modified guitar .
as lampi enthuses : ‘ it 's not a [changed] guitar .

Since lack of coordination was a major factor in his problem , a modified form of acupuncture which can correct a disturbed energy flow was used in this case .
since lack of coordination was a major factor in his problem , a [changed] form of acupuncture which can correct a disturbed energy flow was used in this case .

The room contained little more than a long wooden table covered with lino , a barber 's chair that had been slightly modified to accommodate dental patients , another deep earthenware sink , and a basketwork bed — mounted on what looked like pram wheels — for patients forced to lie supine .
the room contained little more than a long wooden table covered with lino , a barber 's chair that had been slightly [changed] to accommodate dental patients , another deep earthenware sink , and a basketwork bed — mounted on what looked like pram wheels — for patients forced to lie supine .

Newer washer-driers have been modified .
newer washer-driers have been [changed] .

‘ following a break in practice from a post requiring a nursing or health visiting qualification of three ( since modified to five ) years or more , a re-entry programme will be required in order for a person to return to practice ’ .
‘ following a break in practice from a post requiring a nursing or health visiting qualification of three ( since [changed] to five ) years or more , a re-entry programme will be required in order for a person to return to practice ’ .

( These outcomes had already appeared in draft outline in the earlier Guidelines , but were now modified and revised following the response to consultation . )
( these outcomes had already appeared in draft outline in the earlier guidelines , but were now [changed] and revised following the response to consultation . )

You will gradually learn to decode the complex mess-ages which differentiate between acceptable , manageable , positive stressors which can be successfully modified , and those which require additional outside help to be contained .
you will gradually learn to decode the complex mess-ages which differentiate between acceptable , manageable , positive stressors which can be successfully [changed] , and those which require additional outside help to be contained .

The knowledge of the statistical structure of English is used in conjunction with a Modified Viterbi Algorithm to obtain an optimal letter string from a number of alternatives .
the knowledge of the statistical structure of english is used in conjunction with a [changed] viterbi algorithm to obtain an optimal letter string from a number of alternatives .

The algorithm is modified , since only some set of the higher probability letters are selected as candidates to be chosen between , instead of choosing between all possible candidates .
the algorithm is [changed] , since only some set of the higher probability letters are selected as candidates to be chosen between , instead of choosing between all possible candidates .

But even though the makers recalled them last year to be modified , more than 35,000 still have not been returned .
but even though the makers recalled them last year to be [changed] , more than 35,000 still have not been returned .

Assuming that Dworkin 's rights thesis is capable of being modified along the lines proposed , is it possible to identify any strategies — long-term , medium-range and short-term strategies — which could be expected to contribute toward the realisation of an expanded right of equal concern and respect ?
assuming that dworkin 's rights thesis is capable of being [changed] along the lines proposed , is it possible to identify any strategies — long-term , medium-range and short-term strategies — which could be expected to contribute toward the realisation of an expanded right of equal concern and respect ?

In 1935 the maximum production for Champagne was set at 50 hectolitres per hectare which could be annually modified by a special commission up or down to suit the specific conditions of the harvest .
in 1935 the maximum production for champagne was set at 50 hectolitres per hectare which could be annually [changed] by a special commission up or down to suit the specific conditions of the harvest .

The more complex the life-cycle , the easier it should be to interrupt it and thus eradicate the parasite , but each link in the phylloxera chain appears to be capable of regenerating a modified cycle .
the more complex the life-cycle , the easier it should be to interrupt it and thus eradicate the parasite , but each link in the phylloxera chain appears to be capable of regenerating a [changed] cycle .

Winsor & Newton 's Griffin is made form an oil modified alkyd resin .
winsor & newton 's griffin is made form an oil [changed] alkyd resin .

Its Palladian style , which reminded him of a less pristine version of Broadlands , was modified , and he suspected that the building was actually less than two hundred years old , despite the weathering of the stone .
its palladian style , which reminded him of a less pristine version of broadlands , was [changed] , and he suspected that the building was actually less than two hundred years old , despite the weathering of the stone .

The ground floor of this block was modified to improve the administration facilities , incorporating the Headmaster and Deputy Headteacher 's Rooms , Waiting Area , General Office , Cloak Room and reconstructed Toilet facilities .
the ground floor of this block was [changed] to improve the administration facilities , incorporating the headmaster and deputy headteacher 's rooms , waiting area , general office , cloak room and reconstructed toilet facilities .

As has been seen , the Dutch development work on traffic restraint was not simply lifted wholesale by the West Germans , but rather modified and extended .
as has been seen , the dutch development work on traffic restraint was not simply lifted wholesale by the west germans , but rather [changed] and extended .

( The left-hand tailplane was modified to a later standard and showed no signs of distress or incipient failure . )
( the left-hand tailplane was [changed] to a later standard and showed no signs of distress or incipient failure . )

This and other courses can be presented on your premises exclusively for your personnel and modified in content and objectives to meet your company 's specific needs .
this and other courses can be presented on your premises exclusively for your personnel and [changed] in content and objectives to meet your company 's specific needs .

We operate a full range of specialised equipment that has been modified for aircraft application .
we operate a full range of specialised equipment that has been [changed] for aircraft application .

lead to illness — depending on whether or not they are modified by other , more positive , qualities .
lead to illness — depending on whether or not they are [changed] by other , more positive , qualities .

Winsor & Newton 's Griffin is made form an oil modified alkyd resin .
winsor & newton 's griffin is made form an oil [changed] alkyd resin .

Structural studies of the shales and greywackes of the Skiddaw Group have refined the understanding of the deformational history : the early episode of major slump folding identified previously now appears to have been followed by a period of upright folding that has been subsequently modified by south-directed thrusting .
structural studies of the shales and greywackes of the skiddaw group have refined the understanding of the deformational history : the early episode of major slump folding identified previously now appears to have been followed by a period of upright folding that has been subsequently [changed] by south-directed thrusting .

To test this possibility a cross-hole seismic tomography experiment has been designed , and equipment has been modified to suit the local geology where attenuation in the fractured basement aquifer is expected to be high .
to test this possibility a cross-hole seismic tomography experiment has been designed , and equipment has been [changed] to suit the local geology where attenuation in the fractured basement aquifer is expected to be high .

Increasing emphasis is being placed on the role that remote sensing can play in temperate climates such as Britain , where commonly the soils are glacially transported and where natural vegetation patterns have been extensively modified .
increasing emphasis is being placed on the role that remote sensing can play in temperate climates such as britain , where commonly the soils are glacially transported and where natural vegetation patterns have been extensively [changed] .

Townsend asserts that the extent of that dependence is unnecessary and that ‘ the process can … be revised or least modified ’ .
townsend asserts that the extent of that dependence is unnecessary and that ‘ the process can … be revised or least [changed] ’ .

For practitioners , the most important issue is to seek to understand the norms of behaviour within different groups and the extent to which these are challenged , modified or overturned by families living in contemporary Britain , whose social and economic circumstances are vastly different from those which pertained in their land of origin .
for practitioners , the most important issue is to seek to understand the norms of behaviour within different groups and the extent to which these are challenged , [changed] or overturned by families living in contemporary britain , whose social and economic circumstances are vastly different from those which pertained in their land of origin .

The specially designed rain traps around the windscreen and the door mirror housing were modified until rain was successfully deflected clear of the side windows .
the specially designed rain traps around the windscreen and the door mirror housing were [changed] until rain was successfully deflected clear of the side windows .

Although the system had been modified in many villages so that the strips fell together instead of being widely separated , everybody , including squatters , had access to the common land and was able to earn some sort of a living from it , and this could be supplemented seasonally by labouring or harvesting for a bigger landowner .
although the system had been [changed] in many villages so that the strips fell together instead of being widely separated , everybody , including squatters , had access to the common land and was able to earn some sort of a living from it , and this could be supplemented seasonally by labouring or harvesting for a bigger landowner .

However , we are still left with the problem of combining these modified criteria into a single objective .
however , we are still left with the problem of combining these [changed] criteria into a single objective .

When solving the up- or down-problem at node k in preceding sections , we first modified the original tableau of LPk to allow for the new or changed , upper or lower bound .
when solving the up- or down-problem at node k in preceding sections , we first [changed] the original tableau of lpk to allow for the new or changed , upper or lower bound .

In Measure for Measure , Tarquin 's rape is represented by Angelo 's ravishment of Isabella ; in Othello , rape is modified to killing ; in Lear to banishment .
in measure for measure , tarquin 's rape is represented by angelo 's ravishment of isabella ; in othello , rape is [changed] to killing ; in lear to banishment .

The magistrates point to the problematical definition of crimes against humanity , which was last modified by the Court of Cassation in 1985 to clarify the Klaus Barbie case .
the magistrates point to the problematical definition of crimes against humanity , which was last [changed] by the court of cassation in 1985 to clarify the klaus barbie case .

The relations described above between batch size , company size , and work organisation were , however , modified by the type of cutting process and machinery used in fairly obvious ways .
the relations described above between batch size , company size , and work organisation were , however , [changed] by the type of cutting process and machinery used in fairly obvious ways .

Calheta ( 59km ) , which has been an administrative centre since 1501 , has a modified sixteenth-century parish church .
calheta ( 59km ) , which has been an administrative centre since 1501 , has a [changed] sixteenth-century parish church .

Sometimes the proportions have to be modified by a small margin because materials for the spars and spine , or the central rectangle of the sail , are not available to the ideal dimension .
sometimes the proportions have to be [changed] by a small margin because materials for the spars and spine , or the central rectangle of the sail , are not available to the ideal dimension .

The philosophy ( with the arguable exception of the Netherlands ) is not actually practised anywhere in the world , although the concerns that give rise to it have led to a continuing debate in some western industrialized democracies about ways in which the monopolistic nature of the capitalist press might be usefully modified .
the philosophy ( with the arguable exception of the netherlands ) is not actually practised anywhere in the world , although the concerns that give rise to it have led to a continuing debate in some western industrialized democracies about ways in which the monopolistic nature of the capitalist press might be usefully [changed] .

This policy was eventually modified and finally reversed some eight years later .
this policy was eventually [changed] and finally reversed some eight years later .

It had to be modified in 1961 when it became clear that a minority holding did not provide a certain defence against a determined takeover , but Whitbread continued to retain minority holdings in a number of regional brewers , which enabled them to retain their independence .
it had to be [changed] in 1961 when it became clear that a minority holding did not provide a certain defence against a determined takeover , but whitbread continued to retain minority holdings in a number of regional brewers , which enabled them to retain their independence .

It could still be modified for use , provided it was backed up with some new , stronger coercion .
it could still be [changed] for use , provided it was backed up with some new , stronger coercion .

It lets you back up ( and restore ) whole disks or selected files and/or directories — including the option to back up only files that have modified since the last run .
it lets you back up ( and restore ) whole disks or selected files and/or directories — including the option to back up only files that have [changed] since the last run .

However , while the journalist , or the politician for that matter , tends only to select things which are in accord with some preconceived view or set of values , sociologists try to go beyond this by using clearly defined theoretical concepts , representative samples and writing research reports in such a way that they can be examined , tested and , perhaps , modified by others .
however , while the journalist , or the politician for that matter , tends only to select things which are in accord with some preconceived view or set of values , sociologists try to go beyond this by using clearly defined theoretical concepts , representative samples and writing research reports in such a way that they can be examined , tested and , perhaps , [changed] by others .

We will pursue this debate further in chapter 6 of this book , and find that this picture of natural science has been modified recently .
we will pursue this debate further in chapter 6 of this book , and find that this picture of natural science has been [changed] recently .

Variation in the crime figures will also be caused by changes in the law , ad by changes in police rules for counting crimes , which were substantially modified in 1980 .
variation in the crime figures will also be caused by changes in the law , ad by changes in police rules for counting crimes , which were substantially [changed] in 1980 .

During this transition , the retirement age was brought down by five years , staffing numbers were reduced , the unprofitable office in Edinburgh was closed , procedures were modified and attitudes changed , a research department was established , some shuffling of the partners took place , and the youngest of them , Nigel Humphreys , was appointed Managing Director .
during this transition , the retirement age was brought down by five years , staffing numbers were reduced , the unprofitable office in edinburgh was closed , procedures were [changed] and attitudes changed , a research department was established , some shuffling of the partners took place , and the youngest of them , nigel humphreys , was appointed managing director .

These homologies would provide considerable scope for direct extrapolation providing the functions of these brainstem regions are not modified by forebrain structures that differ from group to group .
these homologies would provide considerable scope for direct extrapolation providing the functions of these brainstem regions are not [changed] by forebrain structures that differ from group to group .

This comparative approach can also be used to analyse brainstem areas , the functions of which have been modified by the evolution of neocortical areas .
this comparative approach can also be used to analyse brainstem areas , the functions of which have been [changed] by the evolution of neocortical areas .

It is significant that when the stimuli are modified to make that sort of strategy unworkable , for example by surrounding pairs of upright and inverted triangles with broad rings , tree shrews lacking visual cortex can no longer do the discriminations , whereas normal animals can .
it is significant that when the stimuli are [changed] to make that sort of strategy unworkable , for example by surrounding pairs of upright and inverted triangles with broad rings , tree shrews lacking visual cortex can no longer do the discriminations , whereas normal animals can .

Numerous theorists approach their work armed with interpretations or modified versions of Marxism , and to stick so firmly to elucidating Marx 's own texts might seem a rather scholastic project , in the pejorative sense of that phrase .
numerous theorists approach their work armed with interpretations or [changed] versions of marxism , and to stick so firmly to elucidating marx 's own texts might seem a rather scholastic project , in the pejorative sense of that phrase .

In his later work , however , Althusser modified his account of the distinction between science and ideology , a shift which has had important consequences for his analysis of the relation between individuals and practices .
in his later work , however , althusser [changed] his account of the distinction between science and ideology , a shift which has had important consequences for his analysis of the relation between individuals and practices .

As a matter of fact we know that , at least in complicated animals , many features of the rules are profoundly modified by experience .
as a matter of fact we know that , at least in complicated animals , many features of the rules are profoundly [changed] by experience .

The phonological forms of words can be systematically modified .
the phonological forms of words can be systematically [changed] .

In contrast , the actual role of modified linguistic input may be to provide the child with a restricted set of choices , any number or combination of which may ultimately lead to developmental progress .
in contrast , the actual role of [changed] linguistic input may be to provide the child with a restricted set of choices , any number or combination of which may ultimately lead to developmental progress .

In these cases , it is important that the parents are given regular feedback regarding progress and that activities are frequently modified to reflect even modest progress .
in these cases , it is important that the parents are given regular feedback regarding progress and that activities are frequently [changed] to reflect even modest progress .

To knit jacquard , the original design must be modified but basic tuck and slip stitch designs can be used without alteration to knit a wide range of multi-colour fabrics .
to knit jacquard , the original design must be [changed] but basic tuck and slip stitch designs can be used without alteration to knit a wide range of multi-colour fabrics .

But those who read his work , and might potentially have taken up the challenges it provoked , generally modified the project in ways that made it unrecognizable .
but those who read his work , and might potentially have taken up the challenges it provoked , generally [changed] the project in ways that made it unrecognizable .

As the social constructionists have argued , it is through language that meanings are created , sustained , disputed and modified .
as the social constructionists have argued , it is through language that meanings are created , sustained , disputed and [changed] .

The semantic net has been studied and modified based on principles of analogical inheritance .
the semantic net has been studied and [changed] based on principles of analogical inheritance .

Parts of the aircraft were missing when Harris purchased 133722 , and over the following two years , the tail assembly , engine , engine mount , cowlings , and many other portions of the aircraft had to be located , acquired , modified or made .
parts of the aircraft were missing when harris purchased 133722 , and over the following two years , the tail assembly , engine , engine mount , cowlings , and many other portions of the aircraft had to be located , acquired , [changed] or made .

On Good Friday 1919 , Jack test flew the modified Vimy , carrying 865 gallons of petrol and 50 gallons of oil — a four ton weight in all !
on good friday 1919 , jack test flew the [changed] vimy , carrying 865 gallons of petrol and 50 gallons of oil — a four ton weight in all !

Dick 's fighter was not without its problems , the primary one being that the fuselage had been modified with a hacksaw so that there would be room to put a second seat in the airframe .
dick 's fighter was not without its problems , the primary one being that the fuselage had been [changed] with a hacksaw so that there would be room to put a second seat in the airframe .

It ultimately means helping counsellees to look at their current self-image , and deciding how this can be improved or modified , and what has to be done in order to do so .
it ultimately means helping counsellees to look at their current self-image , and deciding how this can be improved or [changed] , and what has to be done in order to do so .

a helmet bearing a marking applied by the manufacturer indicating compliance with the specification contained in one of the British Standards mentioned in Schedule 2 ( whether or not as modified by any amendment ) ; or
a helmet bearing a marking applied by the manufacturer indicating compliance with the specification contained in one of the british standards mentioned in schedule 2 ( whether or not as [changed] by any amendment ) ; or

Pheromones circulate in the bloodstream and escapes through the pores and sweat glands in the armpits and groin , where it is modified by skin bacteria .
pheromones circulate in the bloodstream and escapes through the pores and sweat glands in the armpits and groin , where it is [changed] by skin bacteria .

The guidance must be read in conjunction with Memorandum 23 , which will be modified in due course .
the guidance must be read in conjunction with memorandum 23 , which will be [changed] in due course .

The physical thus conforms to the etheric pattern , which in turn is influenced and modified by our own energetic emissions .
the physical thus conforms to the etheric pattern , which in turn is influenced and [changed] by our own energetic emissions .

But although he sacrifices the transitory for the long-term , the latter are not differently or more solidly grounded ; indeed they are in danger of becoming rigid and brittle if they are not continually being enriched , modified and eroded by local and temporary reactions .
but although he sacrifices the transitory for the long-term , the latter are not differently or more solidly grounded ; indeed they are in danger of becoming rigid and brittle if they are not continually being enriched , [changed] and eroded by local and temporary reactions .

In December , the fitting of side lamps on all vehicles , including trams , became compulsory and the Company 's cars were modified similarly to those of the Corporation .
in december , the fitting of side lamps on all vehicles , including trams , became compulsory and the company 's cars were [changed] similarly to those of the corporation .

Like the Corporation cars , several of these had the right hand side bulkhead window modified with a hinged opening light at the top .
like the corporation cars , several of these had the right hand side bulkhead window [changed] with a hinged opening light at the top .

No 21 was more seriously modified , receiving complete new ends including platform bearers , collision fenders , dashes , headlamps and complete canopies , all of the MetropolitaN company 's standard design .
no 21 was more seriously [changed] , receiving complete new ends including platform bearers , collision fenders , dashes , headlamps and complete canopies , all of the metropolitan company 's standard design .

Although not further modified , No .
although not further [changed] , no .

New workplaces opened for the first time on or after 1 January 1993 or those that are modified or extended or converted should comply with the Regulations immediately .
new workplaces opened for the first time on or after 1 january 1993 or those that are [changed] or extended or converted should comply with the regulations immediately .

When the recession hit , Mr Ames modified his approach .
when the recession hit , mr ames [changed] his approach .

The auditing profession 's reaction was one of modified approval .
the auditing profession 's reaction was one of [changed] approval .

Although the county possesses few equivalents of the great churches built by wealthy communities elsewhere in England , it has a wealth of small-scale buildings in a range of styles imported in the latest continental fashion and modified by local needs and customs .
although the county possesses few equivalents of the great churches built by wealthy communities elsewhere in england , it has a wealth of small-scale buildings in a range of styles imported in the latest continental fashion and [changed] by local needs and customs .

Royalists were often heavily fined or , like John Ashburnham , had their entire estates sequestered , but the concern of the gentry for its own solidarity modified much of the bitterness which might otherwise have damaged the county further .
royalists were often heavily fined or , like john ashburnham , had their entire estates sequestered , but the concern of the gentry for its own solidarity [changed] much of the bitterness which might otherwise have damaged the county further .

Not surprisingly , many gentry and clergy modified their public pronouncements accordingly , surviving both Parliamentary rule and the Restoration .
not surprisingly , many gentry and clergy [changed] their public pronouncements accordingly , surviving both parliamentary rule and the restoration .

At Glynde Place , Bishop Trevor modified his Tudor house by carefully inserting the new Italianate style alongside sixteenth-century English features ; Tuscan columns in the Great Hall and a magnificent new entrance belied the fact that this was a small house .
at glynde place , bishop trevor [changed] his tudor house by carefully inserting the new italianate style alongside sixteenth-century english features ; tuscan columns in the great hall and a magnificent new entrance belied the fact that this was a small house .

Yet conventional categories can be modified also to allow for change in concepts and attitudes .
yet conventional categories can be [changed] also to allow for change in concepts and attitudes .

Here we are concerned with how the effects of teaching techniques on learner behaviour are monitored and how the techniques are modified accordingly .
here we are concerned with how the effects of teaching techniques on learner behaviour are monitored and how the techniques are [changed] accordingly .

Therefore the simple observation that the parent-child bond is where we find family duty and obligation most clearly expressed has to be modified with reference to the gender of the participants , and with reference to a particular cultural context .
therefore the simple observation that the parent-child bond is where we find family duty and obligation most clearly expressed has to be [changed] with reference to the gender of the participants , and with reference to a particular cultural context .

This is not to deny that the ending of a marriage through death , and through divorce , are in many ways very different experiences , nor that they may be handled differently in families , but the point here is that the idea that kin groups used to be much more stable over time than they are today has to be modified by historical evidence .
this is not to deny that the ending of a marriage through death , and through divorce , are in many ways very different experiences , nor that they may be handled differently in families , but the point here is that the idea that kin groups used to be much more stable over time than they are today has to be [changed] by historical evidence .

These adaptations indicate upper arm and elbow function similar to that of the living great apes , with below-branch arboreal adaptations and elbow joints modified for stability ; this might be evidence of a relationship , although the absence of some of these characters in Sivapithecus may invalidate this conclusion .
these adaptations indicate upper arm and elbow function similar to that of the living great apes , with below-branch arboreal adaptations and elbow joints [changed] for stability ; this might be evidence of a relationship , although the absence of some of these characters in sivapithecus may invalidate this conclusion .

The morphology of the alveolar clivus supports this alternative , in which case Graecopithecus can be interpreted as a fossil hominine , but there is a possibility that this morphology represents an ancestral great ape character which was primitively retained in Graecopithecus and the hominines ( and was independently further modified to produce the more derived orang-utan condition ) .
the morphology of the alveolar clivus supports this alternative , in which case graecopithecus can be interpreted as a fossil hominine , but there is a possibility that this morphology represents an ancestral great ape character which was primitively retained in graecopithecus and the hominines ( and was independently further [changed] to produce the more derived orang-utan condition ) .

It is difficult to identify this character in unsectioned skulls , but it is likely that some degree of airorhynchy is primitive for hominoids , greatly exaggerated in the pongine lineage and modified towards klinorhynchy in hominines , but as my observations lead me to believe that the bonobo is airorhynchous to some degree , it is difficult to be sure of the ancestral hominine character state .
it is difficult to identify this character in unsectioned skulls , but it is likely that some degree of airorhynchy is primitive for hominoids , greatly exaggerated in the pongine lineage and [changed] towards klinorhynchy in hominines , but as my observations lead me to believe that the bonobo is airorhynchous to some degree , it is difficult to be sure of the ancestral hominine character state .

This theory , relating armoured forms to each of the living groups , implies that any feature such as armour , scales or modified fins were independently lost during the history of hagfishes and lampreys .
this theory , relating armoured forms to each of the living groups , implies that any feature such as armour , scales or [changed] fins were independently lost during the history of hagfishes and lampreys .

Periodic volcanism has occurred on the Kaapvaal craton in southern Africa since the Archaean era , and each episode will have modified the composition of the subcontinental lithospheric mantle in which the magmas were generated or through which they passed , or in other words caused mantle metasomatism .
periodic volcanism has occurred on the kaapvaal craton in southern africa since the archaean era , and each episode will have [changed] the composition of the subcontinental lithospheric mantle in which the magmas were generated or through which they passed , or in other words caused mantle metasomatism .

We found , however , that these patterns are modified at later stages when a new domain of Krox-20 emerges in r3 ( Fig .
we found , however , that these patterns are [changed] at later stages when a new domain of krox-20 emerges in r3 ( fig .

To identify transcribed sequences within y178–3 , we modified the technique of cDNA selection ( see Fig .
to identify transcribed sequences within y178–3 , we [changed] the technique of cdna selection ( see fig .

Sensitivity of fitness ( r ) to survival and fertility in the two sexes ; this is calculated from l ( x ) , m ( x ) using equation ( 2 ) ( modified to allow for separate sexes ) .
sensitivity of fitness ( r ) to survival and fertility in the two sexes ; this is calculated from l ( x ) , m ( x ) using equation ( 2 ) ( [changed] to allow for separate sexes ) .

Thus crime would be prevented by modifying those who can be modified , segregating those who can not be so modified , correcting in advance of crime those who are proved to be most likely to commit crime , and attacking and eliminating the social situations which are most conducive to crime ( ibid. , p. 608 ) .
thus crime would be prevented by modifying those who can be [changed] , segregating those who can not be so [changed] , correcting in advance of crime those who are proved to be most likely to commit crime , and attacking and eliminating the social situations which are most conducive to crime ( ibid. , p. 608 ) .

The ‘ new deviance ’ writers resurrected one major theme of classical criminology ( the significance of the criminal justice system ) , though they modified it considerably in doing so .
the ‘ new deviance ’ writers resurrected one major theme of classical criminology ( the significance of the criminal justice system ) , though they [changed] it considerably in doing so .

The biggest and most general gains , however , were in system engineering , as the Boards modified inherited plans for the reinforcement and extension of the distribution networks .
the biggest and most general gains , however , were in system engineering , as the boards [changed] inherited plans for the reinforcement and extension of the distribution networks .

She could , however , have taken this point one step further , for , given that the central organising theme of the Sexual Offences Act was the re-establishment , albeit in a modified form , of male control over one area of female sexuality and thereby indirectly over female sexuality as a whole , it would seem highly likely that the choice of prostitutes as ‘ folk devils ’ occurred in large part in response to this growing liberation .
she could , however , have taken this point one step further , for , given that the central organising theme of the sexual offences act was the re-establishment , albeit in a [changed] form , of male control over one area of female sexuality and thereby indirectly over female sexuality as a whole , it would seem highly likely that the choice of prostitutes as ‘ folk devils ’ occurred in large part in response to this growing liberation .

Most people think of hot-rods as modified production cars .
most people think of hot-rods as [changed] production cars .

Last year the French constitution was modified so that if the treaty on European economic and monetary union is eventually ratified , the government can delegate monetary policy to a supranational body .
last year the french constitution was [changed] so that if the treaty on european economic and monetary union is eventually ratified , the government can delegate monetary policy to a supranational body .

And if this sounds crazy , you need to reflect that the concept of seeing is modified here .
and if this sounds crazy , you need to reflect that the concept of seeing is [changed] here .

When an increasing number of psychologists could not find what the theory required them to find , the theory was modified .
when an increasing number of psychologists could not find what the theory required them to find , the theory was [changed] .

The problems of French archaeology are deep-rooted , although the discipline is recently established : the law which supports its activities dates only from 1941 , and has hardly been modified since then .
the problems of french archaeology are deep-rooted , although the discipline is recently established : the law which supports its activities dates only from 1941 , and has hardly been [changed] since then .

The ‘ structuralists ’ argue that the causes of such behaviours lie deep in the social organization of society , and particularly in its class divisions , and that they can only be radically modified by collective actions designed to curb the power of the purveyors of cigarettes and alcohol and to reduce social inequalities .
the ‘ structuralists ’ argue that the causes of such behaviours lie deep in the social organization of society , and particularly in its class divisions , and that they can only be radically [changed] by collective actions designed to curb the power of the purveyors of cigarettes and alcohol and to reduce social inequalities .

But the music of India and the music of Europe have both modified this simple reaction .
but the music of india and the music of europe have both [changed] this simple reaction .

As we have seen , by 1948 the British government seemed to have modified its attitude , and many thought the time to be more propitious for attempting to pull Britain more firmly within the European orbit .
as we have seen , by 1948 the british government seemed to have [changed] its attitude , and many thought the time to be more propitious for attempting to pull britain more firmly within the european orbit .

In the process , the ideas that had originally been expounded by Monnet were substantially modified .
in the process , the ideas that had originally been expounded by monnet were substantially [changed] .

The stage was set for an exciting finale on a modified version of the men 's final .
the stage was set for an exciting finale on a [changed] version of the men 's final .

The series moves from sentence/paragraph level in the first book , through whole text level in the second ; the third book presents real ( but slightly modified ) academic texts ; and finally , in the fourth book , genuine unsimplified texts are used .
the series moves from sentence/paragraph level in the first book , through whole text level in the second ; the third book presents real ( but slightly [changed] ) academic texts ; and finally , in the fourth book , genuine unsimplified texts are used .

Scenes shot on the Akagi set , where most of the aircraft were evidently not airworthy , show aircraft modified similar to those done by Cal-Volair , and also included folding wing-tips .
scenes shot on the akagi set , where most of the aircraft were evidently not airworthy , show aircraft [changed] similar to those done by cal-volair , and also included folding wing-tips .

William Hughes and the Unitarian William Roscoe , following Granville Sharp 's argument in the 1770s , asserted the scriptural sanction of slave trading to have only particular application ; they tried to bolster scripture as a reliable instrument of antislavery revelation by insisting that Harris ' reliance on the Old Testament had to be modified or abrogated by the New Testament .
william hughes and the unitarian william roscoe , following granville sharp 's argument in the 1770s , asserted the scriptural sanction of slave trading to have only particular application ; they tried to bolster scripture as a reliable instrument of antislavery revelation by insisting that harris ' reliance on the old testament had to be [changed] or abrogated by the new testament .

Steele 's starting point was that slaves as much as all other men were subject to the law of human behaviour which said that conduct could be modified through the deployment of rewards and punishments ; the point of his experiment was to offer rewards to his slaves for defined tasks when in the past they had primarily experienced punishment .
steele 's starting point was that slaves as much as all other men were subject to the law of human behaviour which said that conduct could be [changed] through the deployment of rewards and punishments ; the point of his experiment was to offer rewards to his slaves for defined tasks when in the past they had primarily experienced punishment .

Their emphasis on the responsibility of the theologian towards the Bible , and on the need for a disciplined hermeneutic which will allow the Bible itself to speak , will be found again , albeit much modified , in the thought of Karl Barth ; as too will Archibald Hodge 's principle that ‘ Christ and his work is the centre around which all Christian theology is brought into order , ’ as he put it on page 16 of the 1878 edition of his Outlines of Theology , which was first published in 1860 , and , together with his father 's Systematic Theology ( 1871 ) , is a classic textbook of the Princeton method .
their emphasis on the responsibility of the theologian towards the bible , and on the need for a disciplined hermeneutic which will allow the bible itself to speak , will be found again , albeit much [changed] , in the thought of karl barth ; as too will archibald hodge 's principle that ‘ christ and his work is the centre around which all christian theology is brought into order , ’ as he put it on page 16 of the 1878 edition of his outlines of theology , which was first published in 1860 , and , together with his father 's systematic theology ( 1871 ) , is a classic textbook of the princeton method .

The operating instructions/task description can be modified if the analysis reveals any problems from the operator 's point of view ; anything which the designer may have omitted or any difficulties the operator has in moving around , manipulating controls or checking information presentations .
the operating instructions/task description can be [changed] if the analysis reveals any problems from the operator 's point of view ; anything which the designer may have omitted or any difficulties the operator has in moving around , manipulating controls or checking information presentations .

Ultimately , the machine layout or interface design may be modified to make the operating instructions easier to follow .
ultimately , the machine layout or interface design may be [changed] to make the operating instructions easier to follow .

Such an inequality has been modified and refined in the decades since emancipation , but blacks have never quite shed the remnants of their shackles and have stayed socially unequal .
such an inequality has been [changed] and refined in the decades since emancipation , but blacks have never quite shed the remnants of their shackles and have stayed socially unequal .

Their findings were repudiated by Jones and Hochner ( 1973 ) but supported by another study by Dunn and Lupfer ( 1974 ) who assessed the performance of 55 white and 122 blacks in a modified game of soccer , calling the forwards ' functions self-paced and the defenders ' reactive .
their findings were repudiated by jones and hochner ( 1973 ) but supported by another study by dunn and lupfer ( 1974 ) who assessed the performance of 55 white and 122 blacks in a [changed] game of soccer , calling the forwards ' functions self-paced and the defenders ' reactive .

The Homunculi are not truly intelligent , and can be taken in by any subterfuge along these lines if they fail an Int test ( which should be modified by the role-play skill of the adventurers ) .
the homunculi are not truly intelligent , and can be taken in by any subterfuge along these lines if they fail an int test ( which should be [changed] by the role-play skill of the adventurers ) .

With this latter approach there is a measure of agreement , however , that industrial relations theories themselves need to be built up from observed facts rather than from abstract speculation and require to be tested ( and possibly modified ) in the light of new information .
with this latter approach there is a measure of agreement , however , that industrial relations theories themselves need to be built up from observed facts rather than from abstract speculation and require to be tested ( and possibly [changed] ) in the light of new information .

, 1971 ) , the original convergence thesis itself has become somewhat modified away from an emphasis on a trend towards uniformity .
, 1971 ) , the original convergence thesis itself has become somewhat [changed] away from an emphasis on a trend towards uniformity .

It is true that these original objectives and policies of particular types of union concerning the labour and product markets of the relevant occupation and industry have subsequently been modified as the unions amalgamated or became more diversified in terms of their recruitment .
it is true that these original objectives and policies of particular types of union concerning the labour and product markets of the relevant occupation and industry have subsequently been [changed] as the unions amalgamated or became more diversified in terms of their recruitment .

Shifts in market and technological factors , government policy and worker aspirations have been incorporated and bargaining structures gradually modified , sometimes substantially so .
shifts in market and technological factors , government policy and worker aspirations have been incorporated and bargaining structures gradually [changed] , sometimes substantially so .

In the event , the 1559 parliament restored the Henrician anti-papal statutes and the 1552 Prayer Book-albeit modified in a number of important respects- and in 1563 convocation drew up thirty-nine articles of faith , based substantially on Cranmer 's Forty-Two Articles of 1553 .
in the event , the 1559 parliament restored the henrician anti-papal statutes and the 1552 prayer book-albeit [changed] in a number of important respects- and in 1563 convocation drew up thirty-nine articles of faith , based substantially on cranmer 's forty-two articles of 1553 .

As the German advance progressed , however , these formations were modified .
as the german advance progressed , however , these formations were [changed] .

Only make the right wing strong ’ ) , and his successor as Chief of Staff , General Helmuth von Moltke , while broadly adopting Schlieffen 's plan , had already fatally modified it through timidity .
only make the right wing strong ’ ) , and his successor as chief of staff , general helmuth von moltke , while broadly adopting schlieffen 's plan , had already fatally [changed] it through timidity .

The Government proposes that where a pupil has a statement of special [ educational ] needs under the 1981 Education Act , the statement should specify any National Curriculum requirements which should not apply or should be modified for that individual pupil .
the government proposes that where a pupil has a statement of special [ educational ] needs under the 1981 education act , the statement should specify any national curriculum requirements which should not apply or should be [changed] for that individual pupil .

In addition , orders may define circumstances in which the application of the National Curriculum provisions to individual pupils might be modified or lifted for any foundation subject … .
in addition , orders may define circumstances in which the application of the national curriculum provisions to individual pupils might be [changed] or lifted for any foundation subject … .

Some pupils with physical disabilities may require the writing attainment targets to be modified .
some pupils with physical disabilities may require the writing attainment targets to be [changed] .

They might therefore be exempted from — or given modified — handwriting and presentation targets and , depending on the degree of impairment , undertake the writing tasks through alternative means of communication , using technological aids .
they might therefore be exempted from — or given [changed] — handwriting and presentation targets and , depending on the degree of impairment , undertake the writing tasks through alternative means of communication , using technological aids .

For pupils with temporary problems , it will be for headteachers to decide whether the National Curriculum provisions should be modified temporarily .
for pupils with temporary problems , it will be for headteachers to decide whether the national curriculum provisions should be [changed] temporarily .

In particular the conviction that any charge for interest is morally wrong was modified only very gradually , and only in part ; though low rates of interest came to be accepted as a necessity , high rates were still thought wrong .
in particular the conviction that any charge for interest is morally wrong was [changed] only very gradually , and only in part ; though low rates of interest came to be accepted as a necessity , high rates were still thought wrong .

The Allies modified their strategy , as readers will see in chapter 11 , while the Germans — satisfied they had repulsed a possible invasion attempt — did not modify their posture defending major ports and paid the price in defeat at Normandy .
the allies [changed] their strategy , as readers will see in chapter 11 , while the germans — satisfied they had repulsed a possible invasion attempt — did not modify their posture defending major ports and paid the price in defeat at normandy .

Through such cross-cultural pollination the ideas of each are challenged , affirmed , enriched or modified ,
through such cross-cultural pollination the ideas of each are challenged , affirmed , enriched or [changed] ,

It offers the exciting possibilities of drawing directly with paint , but also much more , as Oilbar can be modified and manipulated in all sorts of interesting ways .
it offers the exciting possibilities of drawing directly with paint , but also much more , as oilbar can be [changed] and manipulated in all sorts of interesting ways .

10.7.5 For the avoidance of doubt , it is hereby stated that use of technical information pursuant to Clause 10.7 b , c and d includes in particular , but without limitation , the development adaptation merger modification or enhancement of software and the use of such developed , adapted , merged , modified or enhanced software .
10.7.5 for the avoidance of doubt , it is hereby stated that use of technical information pursuant to clause 10.7 b , c and d includes in particular , but without limitation , the development adaptation merger modification or enhancement of software and the use of such developed , adapted , merged , [changed] or enhanced software .

At present , regional news broadcasts have the tone of a modified sensationalist journalism .
at present , regional news broadcasts have the tone of a [changed] sensationalist journalism .

The course of infection can be modified by doctors so that early intervention to counter any deterioration can be made .
the course of infection can be [changed] by doctors so that early intervention to counter any deterioration can be made .

In tennis , it offers colour sprayed , modified bitumen macadams , and ‘ Smash ’ and ‘ Soft ’ grass surfaces .
in tennis , it offers colour sprayed , [changed] bitumen macadams , and ‘ smash ’ and ‘ soft ’ grass surfaces .

More specific adaptations and special equipment may be needed in the case of some severely visually impaired pupils in terms of task lighting , position of work or modified learning materials .
more specific adaptations and special equipment may be needed in the case of some severely visually impaired pupils in terms of task lighting , position of work or [changed] learning materials .

Melia tessellata , therefore , uses a pair of specially modified walking legs to pass food to its mouth , and is thus able to keep permanent hold of its two captives .
melia tessellata , therefore , uses a pair of specially [changed] walking legs to pass food to its mouth , and is thus able to keep permanent hold of its two captives .

However , in bees and wasps the ovipositor has been modified in the course of evolution to become the sting .
however , in bees and wasps the ovipositor has been [changed] in the course of evolution to become the sting .

The venom glands are modified salivary glands located in the lower jaws .
the venom glands are [changed] salivary glands located in the lower jaws .

The front teeth of venomous snakes may be modified to conduct venom from the glands in the upper jaw to the tip of the tooth .
the front teeth of venomous snakes may be [changed] to conduct venom from the glands in the upper jaw to the tip of the tooth .

The snake 's venom glands are modified salivary glands , and the venom modified saliva .
the snake 's venom glands are [changed] salivary glands , and the venom [changed] saliva .

The distinctive ‘ rattle ’ at the end of the tail is formed from modified scales and increases in size by one rattle section every time the snake moults its skin , which may be up to four times a year .
the distinctive ‘ rattle ’ at the end of the tail is formed from [changed] scales and increases in size by one rattle section every time the snake moults its skin , which may be up to four times a year .

The Association , who are rebuilding Modified Hall 7903 Foremarke Hall , are running the day as a fundraising event which will include sideshows , a fun-fair and , of course , steam specials .
the association , who are rebuilding [changed] hall 7903 foremarke hall , are running the day as a fundraising event which will include sideshows , a fun-fair and , of course , steam specials .

In the end , it turned out to be the Newtonian theory of gravity that had to be modified to make it compatible with the invariance properties of the Maxwell theory .
in the end , it turned out to be the newtonian theory of gravity that had to be [changed] to make it compatible with the invariance properties of the maxwell theory .

In the Companies Act 1981 an option was given for certain smaller companies ( provided they are not public companies ) to produce modified or shortened accounts for filing with the Registrar of Companies .
in the companies act 1981 an option was given for certain smaller companies ( provided they are not public companies ) to produce [changed] or shortened accounts for filing with the registrar of companies .

( c ) It may file a modified balance sheet .
( c ) it may file a [changed] balance sheet .

This opportunity to file or publish modified accounts does not limit the requirement to prepare full accounts for the shareholders .
this opportunity to file or publish [changed] accounts does not limit the requirement to prepare full accounts for the shareholders .

Lord Diplock went on to say that the principle applies even though there is reason to think that if Parliament had foreseen the situation before the court it would have modified the words it used .
lord diplock went on to say that the principle applies even though there is reason to think that if parliament had foreseen the situation before the court it would have [changed] the words it used .

For example , it is clear from work with an English- and Punjabi-speaking family in Newcastle upon Tyne , where a young white woman carried out modified participant observation sessions over a period of several months , that no male , regardless of age or ethnicity , would be allowed into the house ( Scothern 1985 ) .
for example , it is clear from work with an english- and punjabi-speaking family in newcastle upon tyne , where a young white woman carried out [changed] participant observation sessions over a period of several months , that no male , regardless of age or ethnicity , would be allowed into the house ( scothern 1985 ) .

In response to these complexities , the original notion of the sociolinguistic variable with variants which were assigned values along a single phonetic dimension was considerably modified .
in response to these complexities , the original notion of the sociolinguistic variable with variants which were assigned values along a single phonetic dimension was considerably [changed] .

There therefore does n't seem to have been much of a change , and furthermore Smith ( 1983 ) in his text specifically entitled Recreation Geography has also followed this model , albeit in the modified form of the relationship between ‘ travel/resources ’ which he calls the two main branches of the tree of recreation geography .
there therefore does n't seem to have been much of a change , and furthermore smith ( 1983 ) in his text specifically entitled recreation geography has also followed this model , albeit in the [changed] form of the relationship between ‘ travel/resources ’ which he calls the two main branches of the tree of recreation geography .

In slightly modified fashion , the same principle still governs the liability of common carriers in English common law .
in slightly [changed] fashion , the same principle still governs the liability of common carriers in english common law .

The preceding features required that certain traditional statements in the text of the ocean bill of lading be modified or replaced .
the preceding features required that certain traditional statements in the text of the ocean bill of lading be [changed] or replaced .

For example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was modified to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .
for example : the traditional notation regarding ‘ on board ’ loading was replaced by a ‘ taking in charge ’ statement ; the traditional prohibition against transhipment was eliminated , because transhipment was of the essence in combined transport ; since the transport commonly originated and finished inland , the terms ‘ place of receipt ’ and ‘ place of delivery ’ were inserted in separate boxes , either replacing the traditional ‘ port of loading ’ and ‘ port of discharge ’ or joining them as additional specifications ; and since often times the name of the vessel was not known or could not be established with certainty at the time of issuance , the box for the vessel 's name was [changed] to refer to an ‘ intended vessel .

Ministerial instructions may be modified or evaded by clever drafting of documents .
ministerial instructions may be [changed] or evaded by clever drafting of documents .

After much discussion but no evident diminution in the communal struggle , the British government brought out a White Paper in March 1973 proposing a return to a modified Stormont system .
after much discussion but no evident diminution in the communal struggle , the british government brought out a white paper in march 1973 proposing a return to a [changed] stormont system .

The idea was subsequently revived by Neil Kinnock after the 1987 election in modified form which allowed local union branches to retain a voice in the selection process .
the idea was subsequently revived by neil kinnock after the 1987 election in [changed] form which allowed local union branches to retain a voice in the selection process .

The griffin , an ancient oriental creature , known in Bronze-age Greece and now reintroduced , is essentially a lion-body with eagle 's wings and head , but the head is modified in various ways .
the griffin , an ancient oriental creature , known in bronze-age greece and now reintroduced , is essentially a lion-body with eagle 's wings and head , but the head is [changed] in various ways .

Often this is modified or informed by a tilt of the head affecting the character of the whole figure .
often this is [changed] or informed by a tilt of the head affecting the character of the whole figure .

For if the human mind is modified , in and through social development , it is a necessary emphasis of social studies to examine the cultural forms — for Vico , notably , language — through which social development is manifested .
for if the human mind is [changed] , in and through social development , it is a necessary emphasis of social studies to examine the cultural forms — for vico , notably , language — through which social development is manifested .

This is especially so when the idea of ‘ reflection ’ — in which art works directly embody pre-existing social material — is modified or replaced by the idea of ‘ mediation ’ .
this is especially so when the idea of ‘ reflection ’ — in which art works directly embody pre-existing social material — is [changed] or replaced by the idea of ‘ mediation ’ .

The terms of this participation have been endlessly argued about , and the increasing practice of the advance on royalties has to some extent modified it , in restoring an element of purchase .
the terms of this participation have been endlessly argued about , and the increasing practice of the advance on royalties has to some extent [changed] it , in restoring an element of purchase .

With this diversity , extended distribution and mobility , came new forms and opportunities of artistic and cultural independence ; or , to put it more strictly , forms of direct dependence , within relatively monopolistic social and cultural reproduction , were modified and sometimes replaced by forms of more variable dependence on more diverse modes of such reproduction , and within this diversity there was some significant innovation .
with this diversity , extended distribution and mobility , came new forms and opportunities of artistic and cultural independence ; or , to put it more strictly , forms of direct dependence , within relatively monopolistic social and cultural reproduction , were [changed] and sometimes replaced by forms of more variable dependence on more diverse modes of such reproduction , and within this diversity there was some significant innovation .

In every society human beings come together in groups and subgroups so that their social and physical environment can be modified to improve the quality of life ( in food , shelter and leisure ) .
in every society human beings come together in groups and subgroups so that their social and physical environment can be [changed] to improve the quality of life ( in food , shelter and leisure ) .

In recent years the model 's exclusive focus on shareholder interests has to a degree been modified .
in recent years the model 's exclusive focus on shareholder interests has to a degree been [changed] .

The situation is modified when records are stored in buckets holding several records , but synonyms still occur .
the situation is [changed] when records are stored in buckets holding several records , but synonyms still occur .

10 ) the required Poisson values can be calculated very rapidly ; they are particularly suited to a pocket calculator , as the starting value can be calculated and then modified by multiplying the contents of the calculator by the packing density and dividing by the next value of ‘ x ’ : 1 when the calculator holds p ( 0 ) , 2 when it holds p ( 1 ) and so on .
10 ) the required poisson values can be calculated very rapidly ; they are particularly suited to a pocket calculator , as the starting value can be calculated and then [changed] by multiplying the contents of the calculator by the packing density and dividing by the next value of ‘ x ’ : 1 when the calculator holds p ( 0 ) , 2 when it holds p ( 1 ) and so on .

But France , which , as we have said , applied the doctrine in its first constitutions born of the Revolution , later adopted the British executive system , and this feature appeared in the Constitutions of the Third and Fourth Republics , and again , though greatly modified , in that of the Fifth Republic .
but france , which , as we have said , applied the doctrine in its first constitutions born of the revolution , later adopted the british executive system , and this feature appeared in the constitutions of the third and fourth republics , and again , though greatly [changed] , in that of the fifth republic .

However , there is disagreement amongst Marxist feminists about whether the oppression of women is simply a consequence of an unjust economic system or whether the oppression of women is universal , but modified under differing economic conditions .
however , there is disagreement amongst marxist feminists about whether the oppression of women is simply a consequence of an unjust economic system or whether the oppression of women is universal , but [changed] under differing economic conditions .

One wonders , for example , to what extent the original distinction between theory and practice was reinforced or modified by the later Christian one between the contemplative and the active , or when and why the word ‘ pure ’ came to be used of certain types of knowledge .
one wonders , for example , to what extent the original distinction between theory and practice was reinforced or [changed] by the later christian one between the contemplative and the active , or when and why the word ‘ pure ’ came to be used of certain types of knowledge .

Could not really be modified .
could not really be [changed] .

This attitude to urban dialect seems to have been given further impetus by the view of Wyld ( 1927 ) that urban English can be described as the ‘ Modified Standard ’ of ‘ city vulgarians ’ .
this attitude to urban dialect seems to have been given further impetus by the view of wyld ( 1927 ) that urban english can be described as the ‘ [changed] standard ’ of ‘ city vulgarians ’ .

The language of urban people , to the extent that it is ‘ modified ’ , is modified vernacular : it can not be adequately explained in terms of modifications to the ‘ standard ’ ( in which many speakers show no interest at all ) .
the language of urban people , to the extent that it is ‘ [changed] ’ , is [changed] vernacular : it can not be adequately explained in terms of modifications to the ‘ standard ’ ( in which many speakers show no interest at all ) .

The most important general example is the use of modified historic-cost accounting in Britain and Australia which systematically overstates profits by understating the value of real capital , and this in turn may lead to inadequate retention of operating surpluses and the winding down of the assets of the business .
the most important general example is the use of [changed] historic-cost accounting in britain and australia which systematically overstates profits by understating the value of real capital , and this in turn may lead to inadequate retention of operating surpluses and the winding down of the assets of the business .

Our images of the house are continually modified by the actual houses we encounter , and our perceptions of their size , shape , order and limitations ; and the effect of this is most pronounced when we engage in attempts to alter , extend , or discover pleasure in some physical aspect of this materiality which may resist these constraints .
our images of the house are continually [changed] by the actual houses we encounter , and our perceptions of their size , shape , order and limitations ; and the effect of this is most pronounced when we engage in attempts to alter , extend , or discover pleasure in some physical aspect of this materiality which may resist these constraints .

But a man may have no son , or he may have too many among whom to share his limited lands and principles had to be modified continually to meet particular circumstances .
but a man may have no son , or he may have too many among whom to share his limited lands and principles had to be [changed] continually to meet particular circumstances .

In other words , the small island communities modified their rules as conditions required , and such modifications became part of the collective cultural inheritance , to be called upon when new situations arose .
in other words , the small island communities [changed] their rules as conditions required , and such modifications became part of the collective cultural inheritance , to be called upon when new situations arose .

Because those rules were not written , memory was crucial — and with the passage of time the rules were likely to be further modified , reflecting imperfect recollections of what had been done before .
because those rules were not written , memory was crucial — and with the passage of time the rules were likely to be further [changed] , reflecting imperfect recollections of what had been done before .

The constraints must be modified occasionally , to enable changes which otherwise could not occur .
the constraints must be [changed] occasionally , to enable changes which otherwise could not occur .

As a compromise , the Nottinghamshire Miners ' Association and the owners agreed to a modified piece-rate system for each coalface , but nevertheless many owners retained the butty system , and it was revived when the Dukeries field was opened .
as a compromise , the nottinghamshire miners ' association and the owners agreed to a [changed] piece-rate system for each coalface , but nevertheless many owners retained the butty system , and it was revived when the dukeries field was opened .

First , a single sense can be modified in an unlimited number of ways by different contexts , each context emphasising certain semantic traits , and obscuring or suppressing others ; just as a dirty window-pane will allow some parts of the scene beyond it to be seen clearly , and will partially or completely obscure other parts — and a different pane will affect the same scene differently .
first , a single sense can be [changed] in an unlimited number of ways by different contexts , each context emphasising certain semantic traits , and obscuring or suppressing others ; just as a dirty window-pane will allow some parts of the scene beyond it to be seen clearly , and will partially or completely obscure other parts — and a different pane will affect the same scene differently .

For instance , a hyponym is often cognitively equivalent to a paraphrase in which a superordinate is syntagmatically modified .
for instance , a hyponym is often cognitively equivalent to a paraphrase in which a superordinate is syntagmatically [changed] .

The exercise based on individual reports , attempted the previous year , had been modified to render the activity less threatening , and to reduce the workload placed on staff .
the exercise based on individual reports , attempted the previous year , had been [changed] to render the activity less threatening , and to reduce the workload placed on staff .

If not it should be modified or abandoned right away , before valuable time is wasted .
if not it should be [changed] or abandoned right away , before valuable time is wasted .

If some components have to be physically larger than the space provided or require other `` upstream `` or `` downstream `` components to be modified as well , then the consequences of pursuing such a concept must be similarly recognized at an early stage .
if some components have to be physically larger than the space provided or require other `` upstream `` or `` downstream `` components to be [changed] as well , then the consequences of pursuing such a concept must be similarly recognized at an early stage .

Second , the entities with which it clashes could also be modified .
second , the entities with which it clashes could also be [changed] .

The technique does however allow constraints and associations to be established , entered and modified at any stage .
the technique does however allow constraints and associations to be established , entered and [changed] at any stage .

The kinematic programs allow these functions to be combined , modified , and factorized , to provide the designer with any design parameter desired .
the kinematic programs allow these functions to be combined , [changed] , and factorized , to provide the designer with any design parameter desired .

Each design can be modified by the manufacturing and assembly tolerances of the component parts in order to establish the extremes of the physical envelope .
each design can be [changed] by the manufacturing and assembly tolerances of the component parts in order to establish the extremes of the physical envelope .

The knife-fish and the mormyrids generate their electricity in columns of modified muscle cells .
the knife-fish and the mormyrids generate their electricity in columns of [changed] muscle cells .

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention , as modified by the revaluation of land and buildings , and are in accordance with applicable accounting standards . The following principal accounting policies have been applied :
the financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention , as [changed] by the revaluation of land and buildings , and are in accordance with applicable accounting standards . the following principal accounting policies have been applied :

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention , as modified by the revaluation of land and buildings , and are in accordance with applicable accounting standards . The following accounting policies have been applied :
the financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention , as [changed] by the revaluation of land and buildings , and are in accordance with applicable accounting standards . the following accounting policies have been applied :

The simple task devised by Kinsbourne and Cook ( 1971 ) was subsequently taken up and modified by other investigations .
the simple task devised by kinsbourne and cook ( 1971 ) was subsequently taken up and [changed] by other investigations .

If this behaviour is modelled by a modified disc dynamo [ 3 ] , the appropriate magnetohydrodynamic partial differential equations may be truncated to give the simple system : ( 2.3 ) where a , b and c are positive parameters , and .
if this behaviour is modelled by a [changed] disc dynamo [ 3 ] , the appropriate magnetohydrodynamic partial differential equations may be truncated to give the simple system : ( 2.3 ) where a , b and c are positive parameters , and .

Other charges also made about his character will also have to be modified .
other charges also made about his character will also have to be [changed] .

All the above may be modified by : For each given size of predator there will be an optimum size of prey .
all the above may be [changed] by : for each given size of predator there will be an optimum size of prey .

Meanings are also created , developed , modified and changed within the actual process of interaction .
meanings are also created , developed , [changed] and changed within the actual process of interaction .

According to this modified position , it is freely admitted that new theories are conceived of in a variety of ways and often by a number of routes .
according to this [changed] position , it is freely admitted that new theories are conceived of in a variety of ways and often by a number of routes .

There is no doubt , then , that the modified theory led to no new testable consequences and would be quite unacceptable to a falsificationist .
there is no doubt , then , that the [changed] theory led to no new testable consequences and would be quite unacceptable to a falsificationist .

Let us return to the falsification of the claim , ‘ Bread nourishes ’ , to see how this could be modified in an acceptable way .
let us return to the falsification of the claim , ‘ bread nourishes ’ , to see how this could be [changed] in an acceptable way .

This modified theory is not ad hoc because it leads to new tests .
this [changed] theory is not ad hoc because it leads to new tests .

All these tests , many of which do not constitute tests of the original hypothesis , could result in the falsification of the modified hypothesis .
all these tests , many of which do not constitute tests of the original hypothesis , could result in the falsification of the [changed] hypothesis .

If the modified , more falsifiable , hypothesis resists falsification in the face of the new tests , then something new will have been learnt and progress will have been made .
if the [changed] , more falsifiable , hypothesis resists falsification in the face of the new tests , then something new will have been learnt and progress will have been made .

This basic idea became modified and extended in Ptolemy 's astronomy .
this basic idea became [changed] and extended in ptolemy 's astronomy .

Eventually other , initially implicit , assumptions were to be unearthed and modified .
eventually other , initially implicit , assumptions were to be unearthed and [changed] .

The initial conditions also came to be modified eventually , with the addition of new planets .
the initial conditions also came to be [changed] eventually , with the addition of new planets .

and depicted on the reliefs at Persepolis — huge quantities of bullion brought by subject peoples — must be modified by the fourth century .
and depicted on the reliefs at persepolis — huge quantities of bullion brought by subject peoples — must be [changed] by the fourth century .

In each tribe , as we have seen , there were a number of coastal , a number of inland and a number of city demes , about sixteen councillors from each type going to make up a trittys ( only in the tribe to which Acharnai belonged was this system modified , because twenty-two out of fifty councillors is already well over a third ) .
in each tribe , as we have seen , there were a number of coastal , a number of inland and a number of city demes , about sixteen councillors from each type going to make up a trittys ( only in the tribe to which acharnai belonged was this system [changed] , because twenty-two out of fifty councillors is already well over a third ) .

It was suggested that 400 passenger services be withdrawn or modified and 2,000 stations and 5,000 route miles closed to passenger traffic .
it was suggested that 400 passenger services be withdrawn or [changed] and 2,000 stations and 5,000 route miles closed to passenger traffic .

It would be premature to describe the youth groups and subcultures associated with many popular music styles in these terms ; but the importance they have assumed in adolescents ' development is suggestive — just as the older class-based behavioural models and moral norms of proletarian communities , though weakened and modified , have not been entirely smashed .
it would be premature to describe the youth groups and subcultures associated with many popular music styles in these terms ; but the importance they have assumed in adolescents ' development is suggestive — just as the older class-based behavioural models and moral norms of proletarian communities , though weakened and [changed] , have not been entirely smashed .

This inevitably results in a kind of Adorn Ian modernism , in which ‘ progressive ’ form acts as social critique , modified by a quasi-Benjaminian view of technical mediation , which ultimately recreates these modernists as a new ‘ folk ’ .
this inevitably results in a kind of adorn ian modernism , in which ‘ progressive ’ form acts as social critique , [changed] by a quasi-benjaminian view of technical mediation , which ultimately recreates these modernists as a new ‘ folk ’ .

Social and economic relations were modified in a whole range of ways over this period , some of them to the advantage of the working class .
social and economic relations were [changed] in a whole range of ways over this period , some of them to the advantage of the working class .

In Spain it was distorted and cut short by the crisis of 1789 and the French invasion of 1808 , but not before it had modified , if not the traditional structure of society , at least the traditional attitudes .
in spain it was distorted and cut short by the crisis of 1789 and the french invasion of 1808 , but not before it had [changed] , if not the traditional structure of society , at least the traditional attitudes .

Since Ferdinand 's instructions to the Junta of Government ( which he left in Madrid to govern while he was at Bayonne ) were to cultivate French friendship at all costs , and since these counsels were not modified until after the outbreak of a popular rising , it meant that official Spain could not take the leadership of the instinctive movement against France .
since ferdinand 's instructions to the junta of government ( which he left in madrid to govern while he was at bayonne ) were to cultivate french friendship at all costs , and since these counsels were not [changed] until after the outbreak of a popular rising , it meant that official spain could not take the leadership of the instinctive movement against france .

Even in the case of the Bolsheviks , the image of a highly-disciplined and centralized organization run by Lenin has been modified significantly .
even in the case of the bolsheviks , the image of a highly-disciplined and centralized organization run by lenin has been [changed] significantly .

Indeed , such a modified version appears in Sir James Hennessy 's ( 1997 ) official report into the 1996 disturbances ( which , as we shall see , contrasts interestingly with Lord Justice Woolf 's report into the 1990 riots ) .
indeed , such a [changed] version appears in sir james hennessy 's ( 1997 ) official report into the 1996 disturbances ( which , as we shall see , contrasts interestingly with lord justice woolf 's report into the 1990 riots ) .

Although the Panopticon was never built exactly as he designed it ( a modified version was constructed at Millbank on the Thames and opened , with extremely poor results , in 1917 ) , imprisonment rapidly became the pre-eminent method of punishment .
although the panopticon was never built exactly as he designed it ( a [changed] version was constructed at millbank on the thames and opened , with extremely poor results , in 1917 ) , imprisonment rapidly became the pre-eminent method of punishment .

By the time Durkheim came to write Two Laws of Penal Evolu-tion , he had modified his theory about the decline in importance of the conscience collective ( a phrase he ceased to use ) and had come to believe that collective sentiments were a crucial factor in any society .
by the time durkheim came to write two laws of penal evolu-tion , he had [changed] his theory about the decline in importance of the conscience collective ( a phrase he ceased to use ) and had come to believe that collective sentiments were a crucial factor in any society .

The harsh outline is modified , however , when one considers the cities .
the harsh outline is [changed] , however , when one considers the cities .

They were wielding modified Shen-sei swords with hologram blades , and he grunted with satisfaction as his reverse registered on the Gunnery Sergeant 's body shield with a yellow flash of discharge .
they were wielding [changed] shen-sei swords with hologram blades , and he grunted with satisfaction as his reverse registered on the gunnery sergeant 's body shield with a yellow flash of discharge .

The Toronto 35 index uses modified market value weights , so that the number of shares in each company required to form the arbitrage portfolio is rounded to the nearest hundred .
the toronto 35 index uses [changed] market value weights , so that the number of shares in each company required to form the arbitrage portfolio is rounded to the nearest hundred .

The common law liability has been modified in respect of fires spreading from the defendant 's land by the Fires Prevention ( Metropolis ) Act 1774 , which provides that no action shall be maintainable against anyone in whose building or on whose estate a fire shall accidentally begin .
the common law liability has been [changed] in respect of fires spreading from the defendant 's land by the fires prevention ( metropolis ) act 1774 , which provides that no action shall be maintainable against anyone in whose building or on whose estate a fire shall accidentally begin .

First , a great many of the cases in this area of the law are concerned with industrial strife of one kind or another and where this is so the common law has been excluded or modified since 1906 by statutory immunities granted to persons acting in a ‘ trade dispute .
first , a great many of the cases in this area of the law are concerned with industrial strife of one kind or another and where this is so the common law has been excluded or [changed] since 1906 by statutory immunities granted to persons acting in a ‘ trade dispute .

However , without waiting for the Royal Commission the Liberal Government decided to promote two pieces of legislation that significantly modified the role of the poor law in the provision of social security , the Old Age Pensions Act of 1908 and the National Insurance Act of 1911 .
however , without waiting for the royal commission the liberal government decided to promote two pieces of legislation that significantly [changed] the role of the poor law in the provision of social security , the old age pensions act of 1908 and the national insurance act of 1911 .

Accordingly instead of serving the economic function for which they were originally advocated they have been modified to serve the political function of reducing the number of unemployed whilst minimizing intervention in the economy as a whole .
accordingly instead of serving the economic function for which they were originally advocated they have been [changed] to serve the political function of reducing the number of unemployed whilst minimizing intervention in the economy as a whole .

After this , the discussion will turn to consider the various ways in which the model of representative government is modified , or perhaps even undermined , in practice .
after this , the discussion will turn to consider the various ways in which the model of representative government is [changed] , or perhaps even undermined , in practice .

These proved too controversial and modified proposals appeared in the 1968 paper Children in Trouble , which formed the basis of the 1969 Act .
these proved too controversial and [changed] proposals appeared in the 1968 paper children in trouble , which formed the basis of the 1969 act .

’ Schmidt modified the offer at once .
’ schmidt [changed] the offer at once .

Original intentions to replace large-scale institutions with statutory services provided in the community have increasingly been modified , with a growing emphasis being placed instead on the role of families , friends and neighbours as the main providers of ‘ community care ’ .
original intentions to replace large-scale institutions with statutory services provided in the community have increasingly been [changed] , with a growing emphasis being placed instead on the role of families , friends and neighbours as the main providers of ‘ community care ’ .

Modified glutathione S-transferase fusion proteins for simplified analysis of protein-protein interactions
[changed] glutathione s-transferase fusion proteins for simplified analysis of protein-protein interactions

The presence of modified nucleosides is one of the most distinctive structural features of tRNA molecules .
the presence of [changed] nucleosides is one of the most distinctive structural features of trna molecules .

More than 75 modified nucleosides have been isolated ( 1 ) .
more than 75 [changed] nucleosides have been isolated ( 1 ) .

It was also used to show the effects of anticodon point mutations on the potential of the nucleotides at position 34 and 37 in the anticodon loop of yeast tRNAs to be modified .
it was also used to show the effects of anticodon point mutations on the potential of the nucleotides at position 34 and 37 in the anticodon loop of yeast trnas to be [changed] .

These experiments resulted in that some modification enzymes ( 12–15 ) were suggested to have identity elements in close vicinity of the position to be modified , while others ( 15–17 ) are less sensitive to the neighbouring nucleotide sequences and recognize identity elements distal from the site of the modification .
these experiments resulted in that some modification enzymes ( 12–15 ) were suggested to have identity elements in close vicinity of the position to be [changed] , while others ( 15–17 ) are less sensitive to the neighbouring nucleotide sequences and recognize identity elements distal from the site of the modification .

Modified nucleotides analysed in our experiments are indicated by arrows .
[changed] nucleotides analysed in our experiments are indicated by arrows .

The Asthma Question Box is a modified Psion Organiser that is programmed to ask patients questions about their symptoms and to allow them to record peak expiratory flow .
the asthma question box is a [changed] psion organiser that is programmed to ask patients questions about their symptoms and to allow them to record peak expiratory flow .

All these might be modified .
all these might be [changed] .

Two decades later , after the clearer recognition of the distinction between insulin dependent and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus , Neel modified his hypothesis so that it related specifically to non-insulin dependent diabetes .
two decades later , after the clearer recognition of the distinction between insulin dependent and non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus , neel [changed] his hypothesis so that it related specifically to non-insulin dependent diabetes .

The incorporation of a modified template may have detected this .
the incorporation of a [changed] template may have detected this .

The laryngeal mask is being modified to produce a version that may afford better protection against aspiration , and this may extend its applications still further .
the laryngeal mask is being [changed] to produce a version that may afford better protection against aspiration , and this may extend its applications still further .

Quite the reverse , it is possible expressly to link the concept of `` relational properties `` with a ( suitably modified ) pluralist thesis by arguing , for example , that the possession of a relational property of a certain kind necessarily entails the existence of more than one thing in the world .
quite the reverse , it is possible expressly to link the concept of `` relational properties `` with a ( suitably [changed] ) pluralist thesis by arguing , for example , that the possession of a relational property of a certain kind necessarily entails the existence of more than one thing in the world .

Monolayers of human hepatoma cell line Hep3B were maintained in Dulbecco modified Eagle 's medium supplemented with 10 % fetal calf serum .
monolayers of human hepatoma cell line hep3b were maintained in dulbecco [changed] eagle 's medium supplemented with 10 % fetal calf serum .

The defect is localized in the upstream region of the promoter ( upstream from position -38 ) , but the downstream part of the footprint remains identical , indicating that crucial recognition patterns in the -10 and -35 regions are not modified .
the defect is localized in the upstream region of the promoter ( upstream from position -38 ) , but the downstream part of the footprint remains identical , indicating that crucial recognition patterns in the -10 and -35 regions are not [changed] .

He greatly influenced modern methods of excavation : he deliberately studied Pitt-Rivers ' methods and modified them to his own ideas .
he greatly influenced modern methods of excavation : he deliberately studied pitt-rivers ' methods and [changed] them to his own ideas .

Although they have been modified since then , his techniques using finds still form the mainstay of most dating programmes .
although they have been [changed] since then , his techniques using finds still form the mainstay of most dating programmes .

Section 17 allows the Secretary of State to specify ‘ cases and circumstances ’ under which the National Curriculum will not apply , or will be modified for a child .
section 17 allows the secretary of state to specify ‘ cases and circumstances ’ under which the national curriculum will not apply , or will be [changed] for a child .

In effect , the housing land policy was modified in detail to such an extent that the County Planners considered it to be contradicted ( Tyne and Wear County Council , 1981a : 13 ) .
in effect , the housing land policy was [changed] in detail to such an extent that the county planners considered it to be contradicted ( tyne and wear county council , 1981a : 13 ) .

Broadly speaking , the land around the Tyne Tunnel approach road to the west of North Shields including Chirton Industrial Estate , the Tyne Tunnel Industrial Estate and surrounding agricultural land , was designated either as first call industrial land or as part of a strategic reserve , although this latter status was modified by the Secretary of State in his revisions .
broadly speaking , the land around the tyne tunnel approach road to the west of north shields including chirton industrial estate , the tyne tunnel industrial estate and surrounding agricultural land , was designated either as first call industrial land or as part of a strategic reserve , although this latter status was [changed] by the secretary of state in his revisions .

Even more important is the need to delineate and explain the growth in anticlericalism and antipapalism which was so marked in the second half of the century and which so drastically modified the relation of the church to the realm .
even more important is the need to delineate and explain the growth in anticlericalism and antipapalism which was so marked in the second half of the century and which so drastically [changed] the relation of the church to the realm .

The male guppy , a small South American fish , has a pair of fins on his underside modified into a gun-like tube through which he fires small bullets of sperm at the female 's genital opening .
the male guppy , a small south american fish , has a pair of fins on his underside [changed] into a gun-like tube through which he fires small bullets of sperm at the female 's genital opening .

But for the thirst snake of Guyana they are a favourite food and it has specially modified jaws with which to deal with them .
but for the thirst snake of guyana they are a favourite food and it has specially [changed] jaws with which to deal with them .

In many species , some of these glands are modified to produce poison .
in many species , some of these glands are [changed] to produce poison .

Preston modified his tone .
preston [changed] his tone .

That was modified to running a business-class only service to New York .
that was [changed] to running a business-class only service to new york .

The code of the hill climbing rule-based searcher can be modified easily , so that it incorporates this form of learning .
the code of the hill climbing rule-based searcher can be [changed] easily , so that it incorporates this form of learning .

Thus the modified node 's behaviour depends on the sum
thus the [changed] node 's behaviour depends on the sum

The principle had been adopted in most , if not all , Commonwealth countries ; though in some it has now been modified or abandoned , either by statute or by judicial action .
the principle had been adopted in most , if not all , commonwealth countries ; though in some it has now been [changed] or abandoned , either by statute or by judicial action .

If a statement of affairs has been lodged , the official receiver must also send a summary of it together with his observations on it unless he has previously reported to them and nothing material can be added , but if the lodging of a statement of affairs has been dispensed with , the official receiver must give creditors a summary of the bankrupt 's affairs ( amplified , modified or explained as he thinks fit ) ( rr 6.75 and 6.76 ) .
if a statement of affairs has been lodged , the official receiver must also send a summary of it together with his observations on it unless he has previously reported to them and nothing material can be added , but if the lodging of a statement of affairs has been dispensed with , the official receiver must give creditors a summary of the bankrupt 's affairs ( amplified , [changed] or explained as he thinks fit ) ( rr 6.75 and 6.76 ) .

This seaworthy offshore cruiser is a modified design that became popular in its own right . We sailed aboard the first yacht built
this seaworthy offshore cruiser is a [changed] design that became popular in its own right . we sailed aboard the first yacht built

ii ) Modified re-buy decisions : relate to purchase situations in which some kind of review is called for .
ii ) [changed] re-buy decisions : relate to purchase situations in which some kind of review is called for .

Purchase types Purchase decisions can be categorised into straight re-buy decisions ; modified re-buy decisions ; new task purchasing .
purchase types purchase decisions can be categorised into straight re-buy decisions ; [changed] re-buy decisions ; new task purchasing .

d ) The Decision Maker : where decisions take the form of modified re-buys or new task purchasing , it is most likely that senior functional , divisional or general management will take the actual decision to purchase , and choose the supplier , specification and product .
d ) the decision maker : where decisions take the form of [changed] re-buys or new task purchasing , it is most likely that senior functional , divisional or general management will take the actual decision to purchase , and choose the supplier , specification and product .

That does not mean , however , that the McKinsey-GE grid approach has no value , especially if modified as indicated in figure 4.4 .
that does not mean , however , that the mckinsey-ge grid approach has no value , especially if [changed] as indicated in figure 4.4 .

Figure 4.4 Modified McKinsey-GE matrix : natural business-unit cycle ( Note . The cycle shown indicates the general trend ; it is not meant to exclude more complex patterns as products/businesses manage to boost the height or length of their life-cycle from a mature or declining stage )
figure 4.4 [changed] mckinsey-ge matrix : natural business-unit cycle ( note . the cycle shown indicates the general trend ; it is not meant to exclude more complex patterns as products/businesses manage to boost the height or length of their life-cycle from a mature or declining stage )

( See also Kaplan and Atkinson , 1989 , for a slightly modified version . )
( see also kaplan and atkinson , 1989 , for a slightly [changed] version . )

In any case , the whole process will be modified by the ability of each group to wield power and influence .
in any case , the whole process will be [changed] by the ability of each group to wield power and influence .

It is clear also that there can be an iteration back from any stage in the process to any previous one as views get modified during the change process .
it is clear also that there can be an iteration back from any stage in the process to any previous one as views get [changed] during the change process .

Later , she subtly modified her views so as to accommodate , not alienate , American feminists .
later , she subtly [changed] her views so as to accommodate , not alienate , american feminists .

They have experienced being fed by herring gulls , and have modified their preference accordingly , in a way that Hailman calls ‘ perceptual sharpening ’ .
they have experienced being fed by herring gulls , and have [changed] their preference accordingly , in a way that hailman calls ‘ perceptual sharpening ’ .

So much for the ancestral sources of signals : let us consider the evolutionary process by which they are modified from ancestral behaviour to elaborate signal .
so much for the ancestral sources of signals : let us consider the evolutionary process by which they are [changed] from ancestral behaviour to elaborate signal .

We shall start by confirming that sexual behaviour does indeed ensure that mates are of the correct species , and then see how well Darwin 's theory , modified and tested by recent work , can explain the full variety of sexual behaviour in animals both during courtship and , later , in parental care .
we shall start by confirming that sexual behaviour does indeed ensure that mates are of the correct species , and then see how well darwin 's theory , [changed] and tested by recent work , can explain the full variety of sexual behaviour in animals both during courtship and , later , in parental care .

The males are larger than the females and have modified tail feathers ( left ) and enlarged white oesophageal sacs which they puff up during the ‘ strut ’ display ( right ) .
the males are larger than the females and have [changed] tail feathers ( left ) and enlarged white oesophageal sacs which they puff up during the ‘ strut ’ display ( right ) .

Immediately on his return from Gosol , while Gertrude Stein was still in Italy , he repainted the face , using the conventions of Iberian sculpture , although , since he was anxious to achieve a likeness , they appear in a slightly modified form .
immediately on his return from gosol , while gertrude stein was still in italy , he repainted the face , using the conventions of iberian sculpture , although , since he was anxious to achieve a likeness , they appear in a slightly [changed] form .

It may well be the case that the very concept of adjudication as applied to disputes between private individuals will have to be modified in its application to litigation involving public bodies .
it may well be the case that the very concept of adjudication as applied to disputes between private individuals will have to be [changed] in its application to litigation involving public bodies .

These safeguards are framed in an adjudicative fashion , albeit one which is significantly modified to take account of the circumstances .
these safeguards are framed in an adjudicative fashion , albeit one which is significantly [changed] to take account of the circumstances .

Administrative decisions should only be overturned if the higher hurdle of real likelihood of bias could be overcome , and there are suggestions that the test should be further modified when the administrative body , such as a local authority , necessarily has an interest in the outcome of a decision .
administrative decisions should only be overturned if the higher hurdle of real likelihood of bias could be overcome , and there are suggestions that the test should be further [changed] when the administrative body , such as a local authority , necessarily has an interest in the outcome of a decision .

He modified the Nixon bill ( subsequently to become the Clean Air Act of 1970 ) to require 90 per cent reduction in vehicle emissions below 1970 federal standards for hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide by 1975 , with a similar reduction in oxides of nitrogen below 1971 emission levels a year later .
he [changed] the nixon bill ( subsequently to become the clean air act of 1970 ) to require 90 per cent reduction in vehicle emissions below 1970 federal standards for hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide by 1975 , with a similar reduction in oxides of nitrogen below 1971 emission levels a year later .

The 1985 and 1988 Local Government Acts further modified structures both inside and outside London ( see below ) , p. 148 .
the 1985 and 1988 local government acts further [changed] structures both inside and outside london ( see below ) , p. 148 .

But , as we shall see , in Marxist scholarship there are those who have modified Marx original theory so as to accommodate these changes in a way which is consistent with the original insight about the determined nature of the locus of power in capitalist societies .
but , as we shall see , in marxist scholarship there are those who have [changed] marx original theory so as to accommodate these changes in a way which is consistent with the original insight about the determined nature of the locus of power in capitalist societies .

This is one way in which the stark anti-democratic arguments of Pareto are modified to allow for a more consensual perspective .
this is one way in which the stark anti-democratic arguments of pareto are [changed] to allow for a more consensual perspective .

Partly in recognition of these problems , a modified structuralist account of the development of the state has emerged .
partly in recognition of these problems , a [changed] structuralist account of the development of the state has emerged .

If there are more or modified synapses , the chemicals and structures of which the synapses are composed must show signs of change , which might be measurable either by biochemical methods ( for instance , an increase in the amount of synaptic membrane protein ) or under a microscope ( for instance a change in the dimensions of particular synapses , or an increase in synaptic numbers ) .
if there are more or [changed] synapses , the chemicals and structures of which the synapses are composed must show signs of change , which might be measurable either by biochemical methods ( for instance , an increase in the amount of synaptic membrane protein ) or under a microscope ( for instance a change in the dimensions of particular synapses , or an increase in synaptic numbers ) .

In what follows , we adopt what might be called a modified pluralist approach ( Hall et al .
in what follows , we adopt what might be called a [changed] pluralist approach ( hall et al .

His report ( Cmnd 1432 , 1961 ) resulted in major reforms in the system of Treasury control , many of which remain in place today , though substantially modified in the intervening years .
his report ( cmnd 1432 , 1961 ) resulted in major reforms in the system of treasury control , many of which remain in place today , though substantially [changed] in the intervening years .

The other side of the government 's economic policy , monetary restraint and unemployment , made its public spending goal difficult to achieve , so the goal was modified .
the other side of the government 's economic policy , monetary restraint and unemployment , made its public spending goal difficult to achieve , so the goal was [changed] .

Not only will we be obliged to recognize the ‘ perpetual immanent metamorphosis ’ ( 1989:273 ) characteristic of contemporary multi-media texts , but our understanding of the ‘ great works ’ of the past will be modified as well .
not only will we be obliged to recognize the ‘ perpetual immanent metamorphosis ’ ( 1989:273 ) characteristic of contemporary multi-media texts , but our understanding of the ‘ great works ’ of the past will be [changed] as well .

Women with a family history of allergies are always advised to breastfeed because even the modified milk in infant formula can provoke an allergic reaction .
women with a family history of allergies are always advised to breastfeed because even the [changed] milk in infant formula can provoke an allergic reaction .

The rules pertaining to the right to buy have been modified on several occasions .
the rules pertaining to the right to buy have been [changed] on several occasions .

Transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently modified to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as providers of community care services .
transfer from local authorities to voluntary organisations would result in a less equitable distribution of resources , and it is difficult to see how the shortcomings of the voluntary sector could be sufficiently [changed] to make voluntary organisations an acceptable alternative to local authorities as providers of community care services .

All our flotilla yachts are easy to handle , equipped for inexperienced or short handed crews , and modified for Mediterranean sailing with holding tanks , cold showers and extra ventilation .
all our flotilla yachts are easy to handle , equipped for inexperienced or short handed crews , and [changed] for mediterranean sailing with holding tanks , cold showers and extra ventilation .

Many of our dinghies ( Wayfarers too ) are modified for trapezes , and most carry spinnakers .
many of our dinghies ( wayfarers too ) are [changed] for trapezes , and most carry spinnakers .

The service will be re-numbered 20 , 21 and 22 and routes in Kidlington modified .
the service will be re-numbered 20 , 21 and 22 and routes in kidlington [changed] .

There had not been such severe storms in southern England for hundreds of years , and the structure of woodlands had not been so regularly modified by gales as in the more stormy north of Britain .
there had not been such severe storms in southern england for hundreds of years , and the structure of woodlands had not been so regularly [changed] by gales as in the more stormy north of britain .

This scheme had been modified with the introduction of Darwinist concepts of heredity .
this scheme had been [changed] with the introduction of darwinist concepts of heredity .

Hence inherited characteristics could not be modified by environmental factors .
hence inherited characteristics could not be [changed] by environmental factors .

The essentials of disease are thus … habit and the powers of resistance of man 's body ; the seeds or germs or cause of abnormal action … lastly , the whole process is profoundly modified by a vast concatenation of variable social , personal , external and even economic factors …
the essentials of disease are thus … habit and the powers of resistance of man 's body ; the seeds or germs or cause of abnormal action … lastly , the whole process is profoundly [changed] by a vast concatenation of variable social , personal , external and even economic factors …

The signing was unorthodox , many of the gestures modified and difficult to read ; there was no fingerspelling at all other than of first letters of names .
the signing was unorthodox , many of the gestures [changed] and difficult to read ; there was no fingerspelling at all other than of first letters of names .

The unity of type suggested that all the vertebrates were merely superficial modifications of a single ground plan — the same basic animal form has been modified in a host of superficial ways .
the unity of type suggested that all the vertebrates were merely superficial modifications of a single ground plan — the same basic animal form has been [changed] in a host of superficial ways .

In his book On the Archetype and Homologies of the Vertebrate Skeleton of 1846 Owen postulated a basic vertebrate pattern or archetype that the Creator had modified in different directions to create the various species .
in his book on the archetype and homologies of the vertebrate skeleton of 1846 owen postulated a basic vertebrate pattern or archetype that the creator had [changed] in different directions to create the various species .

Bateson resisted the claim that the gene was a material entity , but soon the more materialistic geneticists were arguing for a modified version of Weismann 's germ plasm theory in which the gene was a segment of the chromosome responsible for transmitting a particular character from one generation to the next .
bateson resisted the claim that the gene was a material entity , but soon the more materialistic geneticists were arguing for a [changed] version of weismann 's germ plasm theory in which the gene was a segment of the chromosome responsible for transmitting a particular character from one generation to the next .

Brandt 's emphasis on the annual variation of light and nutrients was modified by Alexander Nathansohn ( 1878–1940 ) , who pointed out that the vertical circulation of water played a vital role in bringing nutrients to the surface .
brandt 's emphasis on the annual variation of light and nutrients was [changed] by alexander nathansohn ( 1878–1940 ) , who pointed out that the vertical circulation of water played a vital role in bringing nutrients to the surface .

Europe , with its temperate climate and its vegetation greatly modified by cultivation , is less calculated to stimulate such observations ; in moist tropical forests , in the Sahara , and in the tundras , the close connexion between the character of the vegetation and the conditions of extreme climates is revealed by the most evident adaptations .
europe , with its temperate climate and its vegetation greatly [changed] by cultivation , is less calculated to stimulate such observations ; in moist tropical forests , in the sahara , and in the tundras , the close connexion between the character of the vegetation and the conditions of extreme climates is revealed by the most evident adaptations .

When humans cut down the forest , it might be replaced by a permanent grassland because the soil itself had been modified in a way that prevented the trees from reseeding themselves .
when humans cut down the forest , it might be replaced by a permanent grassland because the soil itself had been [changed] in a way that prevented the trees from reseeding themselves .

These entreaties , though modified , come in a direct line from the prophets of the Old Testament .
these entreaties , though [changed] , come in a direct line from the prophets of the old testament .

Were the public sector institutions being urged to develop a modified national subject-specific review system , or a new kind of system drawing on their own internal intellectual resources as academic communities spanning a wide range of subjects ?
were the public sector institutions being urged to develop a [changed] national subject-specific review system , or a new kind of system drawing on their own internal intellectual resources as academic communities spanning a wide range of subjects ?

Once the information is stored in the computer the tablet can be used as an editing tool allowing colour to be added or changed and shapes to be modified .
once the information is stored in the computer the tablet can be used as an editing tool allowing colour to be added or changed and shapes to be [changed] .

Once the information is stored in the computer the tablet can be used as an editing tool allowing colour to be added or changed and shapes to be modified .
once the information is stored in the computer the tablet can be used as an editing tool allowing colour to be added or changed and shapes to be [changed] .

a method of recording on floppy disks using a modified frequency modulation process that allows more data to be stored on a disk .
a method of recording on floppy disks using a [changed] frequency modulation process that allows more data to be stored on a disk .

There are , however , other printers which use modified standard printing engines to increase their output resolution .
there are , however , other printers which use [changed] standard printing engines to increase their output resolution .

Newspaper and magazine graphics are a classic example of this sort of art ; stock illustrations are used over and over again , weather maps for example , but each one is slightly modified from the previous .
newspaper and magazine graphics are a classic example of this sort of art ; stock illustrations are used over and over again , weather maps for example , but each one is slightly [changed] from the previous .

The beauty of the Illustrator system is its simplicity and the ease with which lines can be modified once drawn , something that the other graphics packages lack .
the beauty of the illustrator system is its simplicity and the ease with which lines can be [changed] once drawn , something that the other graphics packages lack .

Once drawn , of course , the line can be modified at will by simply selecting the anchor point you wish to modify and either dragging it or adjusting the handles to alter the curvature of the lines .
once drawn , of course , the line can be [changed] at will by simply selecting the anchor point you wish to modify and either dragging it or adjusting the handles to alter the curvature of the lines .

The modified Toryism of George Canning and Sir Robert Peel filled her with contempt .
the [changed] toryism of george canning and sir robert peel filled her with contempt .

His views were modified by his son Reginald , who maintained that the features which suggested Mongolian origins were ‘ accidental and superficial ’ , being associated with others which were in no way characteristic of the Mongol race ( Journal of Medical Science , vol .
his views were [changed] by his son reginald , who maintained that the features which suggested mongolian origins were ‘ accidental and superficial ’ , being associated with others which were in no way characteristic of the mongol race ( journal of medical science , vol .

, Mills had modified his style to one more in keeping with the sober classicism of the court .
, mills had [changed] his style to one more in keeping with the sober classicism of the court .

Morrice followed Baxter 's ‘ middle way ’ , both in the theological retreat from Calvinist orthodoxy , and in pursuit of the ecclesiastical ideal of accommodation with Anglicanism through ‘ comprehension ’ , which entailed a modified episcopacy and leniency over rubrics .
morrice followed baxter 's ‘ middle way ’ , both in the theological retreat from calvinist orthodoxy , and in pursuit of the ecclesiastical ideal of accommodation with anglicanism through ‘ comprehension ’ , which entailed a [changed] episcopacy and leniency over rubrics .

Simpson 's shop in Piccadilly , London ( 1936 ) , was structurally innovative , although the welded plate girders designed by the consulting engineer , Felix Samuely , had to be modified to meet London county council regulations .
simpson 's shop in piccadilly , london ( 1936 ) , was structurally innovative , although the welded plate girders designed by the consulting engineer , felix samuely , had to be [changed] to meet london county council regulations .

Very small , with a brusque , hectoring manner , his only relaxation was playing the flute , which he had modified in his workshop .
very small , with a brusque , hectoring manner , his only relaxation was playing the flute , which he had [changed] in his workshop .

Neither of these was adopted — the executed bridge was a conventional masonry structure of three arches — but in his design for the Coalbrookdale bridge , made in 1775 , he adapted some of the principles of the timber proposal to a structure wholly of cast iron ; and it was a modified version of this design which was executed by the Coalbrookdale Ironworks in 1777–9 — the first iron bridge in the world .
neither of these was adopted — the executed bridge was a conventional masonry structure of three arches — but in his design for the coalbrookdale bridge , made in 1775 , he adapted some of the principles of the timber proposal to a structure wholly of cast iron ; and it was a [changed] version of this design which was executed by the coalbrookdale ironworks in 1777–9 — the first iron bridge in the world .

His style stemmed from that of Jan van Scorel , using a strong three-dimensional rendering of the features , modified by late Holbein with its concern for a dazzling and exact record of magnificent dress and jewels .
his style stemmed from that of jan van scorel , using a strong three-dimensional rendering of the features , [changed] by late holbein with its concern for a dazzling and exact record of magnificent dress and jewels .

However , despite section 89 , the statutory pre-emptive rights are far from being entrenched ; in certain circumstances they can be modified or waived .
however , despite section 89 , the statutory pre-emptive rights are far from being entrenched ; in certain circumstances they can be [changed] or waived .

Where under section 95 , the statutory provisions are validly modified by a company resolution this will equally apply to a contravention of the modified provisions since ‘ sections 89 to 94 have effect accordingly .
where under section 95 , the statutory provisions are validly [changed] by a company resolution this will equally apply to a contravention of the [changed] provisions since ‘ sections 89 to 94 have effect accordingly .

As will have been apparent , the prima facie equality of shares can be modified by dividing the share capital into different classes with different rights as to dividends , capital or voting or with different nominal values .
as will have been apparent , the prima facie equality of shares can be [changed] by dividing the share capital into different classes with different rights as to dividends , capital or voting or with different nominal values .

The council may , with the consent of the Home Secretary make an order in the terms applied for or as modified by the Secretary of State .
the council may , with the consent of the home secretary make an order in the terms applied for or as [changed] by the secretary of state .

It remains to be seen whether this becomes a modified form of dispersal power .
it remains to be seen whether this becomes a [changed] form of dispersal power .

This suggests that the claim that all information about the surface form of an utterance is lost when it is purged from working memory needs to be modified to distinguish between surface structure which reflects underlying pragmatic distinctions , and surface structure which does not .
this suggests that the claim that all information about the surface form of an utterance is lost when it is purged from working memory needs to be [changed] to distinguish between surface structure which reflects underlying pragmatic distinctions , and surface structure which does not .

Another way in which initially simple models of language comprehension have had to be modified is illustrated by another topic we discussed in this chapter , namely , the relation between syntactic and semantic processing .
another way in which initially simple models of language comprehension have had to be [changed] is illustrated by another topic we discussed in this chapter , namely , the relation between syntactic and semantic processing .

It had probably been modified fur work in Antarctica .
it had probably been [changed] fur work in antarctica .

In practice , however , there are modified versions of fund accounting which achieve the same overall purpose , namely keeping the accounts of the funds separate .
in practice , however , there are [changed] versions of fund accounting which achieve the same overall purpose , namely keeping the accounts of the funds separate .

And anyway , it could also be argued that it is the accounting system which is allowing this manipulation ( perhaps even inducing it ) and therefore the accounting system should be modified to prevent it .
and anyway , it could also be argued that it is the accounting system which is allowing this manipulation ( perhaps even inducing it ) and therefore the accounting system should be [changed] to prevent it .

Instead , the accruals accounts would have to be modified to maintain the current cost of assets .
instead , the accruals accounts would have to be [changed] to maintain the current cost of assets .

( Note : this has been slightly modified .
( note : this has been slightly [changed] .

Initial progress was made in tracing water discharged at resurgences but this was succeeded by deductions of limestone erosion rates , by determination of drainage areas , by distinction of the significance of percolation water and of conduit flow and thence of application of the results of process investigations to the derivation of modified models of landscape development as proposed by Smith and Newson ( 1974 ) for the Mendips .
initial progress was made in tracing water discharged at resurgences but this was succeeded by deductions of limestone erosion rates , by determination of drainage areas , by distinction of the significance of percolation water and of conduit flow and thence of application of the results of process investigations to the derivation of [changed] models of landscape development as proposed by smith and newson ( 1974 ) for the mendips .

This book provided a fundamental basis for the conservation movement ( Mumford , 1931 ) , it proved to have a great influence upon the way in which land was visualized and used ( Lowenthal , 1965 ) , and its full title Man and Nature or Physical Geography as Modified by Human Action clearly indicates the direction in which it was pointing .
this book provided a fundamental basis for the conservation movement ( mumford , 1931 ) , it proved to have a great influence upon the way in which land was visualized and used ( lowenthal , 1965 ) , and its full title man and nature or physical geography as [changed] by human action clearly indicates the direction in which it was pointing .

Because of the extent of such powerful human action Sherlock concluded that there were indications that the doctrine of uniformitarianism had been carried too far , believing that the present , which has been so modified by human action can not readily be the key to the past , when the extent of human modification and human influence was significantly less .
because of the extent of such powerful human action sherlock concluded that there were indications that the doctrine of uniformitarianism had been carried too far , believing that the present , which has been so [changed] by human action can not readily be the key to the past , when the extent of human modification and human influence was significantly less .

Some physical geographers have envisaged that dangers lie not only in this refuge in the unmodified environment but also in the fact that research investigations in modified situations may involve small-scale studies of , for example , gully pots in urban stormwater drainage systems .
some physical geographers have envisaged that dangers lie not only in this refuge in the unmodified environment but also in the fact that research investigations in [changed] situations may involve small-scale studies of , for example , gully pots in urban stormwater drainage systems .

The strategy ( Huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .
the strategy ( huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a [changed] model .

In practice it would be very difficult to distinguish between platforms formed by splash and spray in relation to present sea level and platforms formed by higher sea levels and modified today by splash and spray .
in practice it would be very difficult to distinguish between platforms formed by splash and spray in relation to present sea level and platforms formed by higher sea levels and [changed] today by splash and spray .

Opinion is tending to veer to the view that the wind has merely modified pre-existing sand accumulations left by other agencies , including the sea .
opinion is tending to veer to the view that the wind has merely [changed] pre-existing sand accumulations left by other agencies , including the sea .

Though the system has now been modified for some years , local authorities still play a crucial role in the shaping of the local environment by , for example , forecasting the need for roads for travel to work or leisure , and thus plan on the basis of that need Planners seek to influence behaviour , for example , by deciding that particular zones will be devoted to industrial estates , others to shopping centres and residential use in order to harmonise traffic movement and so on .
though the system has now been [changed] for some years , local authorities still play a crucial role in the shaping of the local environment by , for example , forecasting the need for roads for travel to work or leisure , and thus plan on the basis of that need planners seek to influence behaviour , for example , by deciding that particular zones will be devoted to industrial estates , others to shopping centres and residential use in order to harmonise traffic movement and so on .

Beethoven 's sketchbooks reveal how often his first visionary ideas were modified — chopping and changing until at last they fall into shapes of full significance .
beethoven 's sketchbooks reveal how often his first visionary ideas were [changed] — chopping and changing until at last they fall into shapes of full significance .

If serialism has to be modified to suit our own expression , so be it .
if serialism has to be [changed] to suit our own expression , so be it .

At times this racial mixture could be modified .
at times this racial mixture could be [changed] .

The difference in dust mobility between the two sides of the Moon could be the result of the Earth 's magnetic field as modified by the solar wind , which , as outlined in section 9.1.1 produces a magnetotail stretching away from the Earth , roughly in a direction pointing away from the Sun .
the difference in dust mobility between the two sides of the moon could be the result of the earth 's magnetic field as [changed] by the solar wind , which , as outlined in section 9.1.1 produces a magnetotail stretching away from the earth , roughly in a direction pointing away from the sun .

For all its faults the classic welfare state , modified where needed , remains one of the most effective ways of ensuring that the essential needs of citizens are met .
for all its faults the classic welfare state , [changed] where needed , remains one of the most effective ways of ensuring that the essential needs of citizens are met .

The subsequent evolution , though , of the Vienna Secession and Viennese modernism was in a direction consistent with , and no longer disruptive to , a now partly modified bourgeois habitus .
the subsequent evolution , though , of the vienna secession and viennese modernism was in a direction consistent with , and no longer disruptive to , a now partly [changed] bourgeois habitus .

The comparison prompts the question whether some sort of preamble would not be a helpful adjunct to British primary legislation from the point of view of those called upon to interpret and apply it , all the more so in view of the rule ( recently modified ) against referring to Hansard as an aid to interpretation in English courts .
the comparison prompts the question whether some sort of preamble would not be a helpful adjunct to british primary legislation from the point of view of those called upon to interpret and apply it , all the more so in view of the rule ( recently [changed] ) against referring to hansard as an aid to interpretation in english courts .

Doris gave Wickham a cheerful smile and said in a pleasantly modified Cockney accent that she was positive it was MacQuillan she had seen .
doris gave wickham a cheerful smile and said in a pleasantly [changed] cockney accent that she was positive it was macquillan she had seen .

When Johann Heinrich Silbermann modified Cristofori 's design , the check was still unnecessary .
when johann heinrich silbermann [changed] cristofori 's design , the check was still unnecessary .

’ He commented : ‘ While one can observe that a breast is nothing but a modified sweat gland and , indeed , a secondary sexual characteristic , can it truly be heard that breasts are anything but intimately associated with sex or things sexual .
’ he commented : ‘ while one can observe that a breast is nothing but a [changed] sweat gland and , indeed , a secondary sexual characteristic , can it truly be heard that breasts are anything but intimately associated with sex or things sexual .

These were broadly based on the recommendations of the 1976 Stevens Committee Report on Planning Control over Mineral Workings , which proposed that mineral permissions should be reviewed periodically and modified , where necessary , to bring them up to date .
these were broadly based on the recommendations of the 1976 stevens committee report on planning control over mineral workings , which proposed that mineral permissions should be reviewed periodically and [changed] , where necessary , to bring them up to date .

Require content to be modified , revised or re-written : in which case the centre will be advised within 4 weeks and will be required to resubmit within the next four weeks .
require content to be [changed] , revised or re-written : in which case the centre will be advised within 4 weeks and will be required to resubmit within the next four weeks .

The race was only open to vehicles which ran on unorthodox fuels , or which had internal combustion engines modified for greater energy efficiency .
the race was only open to vehicles which ran on unorthodox fuels , or which had internal combustion engines [changed] for greater energy efficiency .

If such an allotment would be prohibited by foreign law , or would only be permitted subject to compliance with onerous filing or other obligations , the scheme can be modified in relation to the overseas shareholders in question by providing for the consideration securities to be allotted to an independent trustee who will then sell the securities and account to the shareholders with the net proceeds .
if such an allotment would be prohibited by foreign law , or would only be permitted subject to compliance with onerous filing or other obligations , the scheme can be [changed] in relation to the overseas shareholders in question by providing for the consideration securities to be allotted to an independent trustee who will then sell the securities and account to the shareholders with the net proceeds .

It will be important to formulate an initial strategy for the bid even if it has to be modified subsequently as a result of changing circumstances . Relevant matters will include :
it will be important to formulate an initial strategy for the bid even if it has to be [changed] subsequently as a result of changing circumstances . relevant matters will include :

3 The extent to which , and means by which , the law permits those obligations to be modified , or liability for breach to be restricted .
3 the extent to which , and means by which , the law permits those obligations to be [changed] , or liability for breach to be restricted .

The exclusion of particular duties and liabilities requires the drafter to understand the nature and effect of the duties to be excluded , and the ways in which individual duties can be modified are therefore considered alongside the duties themselves , below .
the exclusion of particular duties and liabilities requires the drafter to understand the nature and effect of the duties to be excluded , and the ways in which individual duties can be [changed] are therefore considered alongside the duties themselves , below .

In the past the general rules of construction have been modified in their application to exclusion clauses because , in an effort to restrict the use of wide exclusions , the courts have developed particularly strict methods of construing exclusion clauses .
in the past the general rules of construction have been [changed] in their application to exclusion clauses because , in an effort to restrict the use of wide exclusions , the courts have developed particularly strict methods of construing exclusion clauses .

It is submitted that in the former case the approach would probably be modified by the basic duty of fidelity to the extent that confidentiality would be lost only if the employer could be said to have shown wilful disregard to the quality of the confidence , rather than having been merely negligent .
it is submitted that in the former case the approach would probably be [changed] by the basic duty of fidelity to the extent that confidentiality would be lost only if the employer could be said to have shown wilful disregard to the quality of the confidence , rather than having been merely negligent .

As a general rule , fiduciary duties may be modified or displaced if the customer 's informed consent is obtained after making full disclosure of all material facts .
as a general rule , fiduciary duties may be [changed] or displaced if the customer 's informed consent is obtained after making full disclosure of all material facts .

The extent to which fiduciary duties are modified will depend on what precisely is disclosed and to what the beneficiary has consented .
the extent to which fiduciary duties are [changed] will depend on what precisely is disclosed and to what the beneficiary has consented .

Finally , it might conclude that there was authority to modify common law and equitable rules so that the rule modified the fiduciary duty with which it conflicted .
finally , it might conclude that there was authority to modify common law and equitable rules so that the rule [changed] the fiduciary duty with which it conflicted .

The cuticle may be modified to form various structures , the more important ( Fig. 7 ) of which are :
the cuticle may be [changed] to form various structures , the more important ( fig. 7 ) of which are :

( iii ) Most sheep graze throughout their lives so that pasture contamination with nematode eggs and the intake of infective larvae is almost continuous and modified only by climatic restrictions .
( iii ) most sheep graze throughout their lives so that pasture contamination with nematode eggs and the intake of infective larvae is almost continuous and [changed] only by climatic restrictions .

This epidemiological picture , typical of temperate countries , may be modified in some areas by factors such as climate or husbandry .
this epidemiological picture , typical of temperate countries , may be [changed] in some areas by factors such as climate or husbandry .

Although the Communists had greatly modified their policy they failed to persuade the leadership of the Labour Party to make any concessions on the United Front or affiliation proposals .
although the communists had greatly [changed] their policy they failed to persuade the leadership of the labour party to make any concessions on the united front or affiliation proposals .

The Party had modified its opposition to the Government 's rearmament programme and the Left felt that this had inhibited the campaign against Chamberlain . ``
the party had [changed] its opposition to the government 's rearmament programme and the left felt that this had inhibited the campaign against chamberlain . ``

Until this point , the issue system was a modified Browne charging `` system based on a weekly rather than a daily record .
until this point , the issue system was a [changed] browne charging `` system based on a weekly rather than a daily record .

Installation was achieved by welding a new frame to accommodate the cannon in a cone of converging steel tubes through a modified and toughened Plexiglas pivot-hole .
installation was achieved by welding a new frame to accommodate the cannon in a cone of converging steel tubes through a [changed] and toughened plexiglas pivot-hole .

Within the Dakleton is a comprehensive radar/nav fit and the rear fuselage has been modified to take a battery of smoke canisters and flares , which can be ejected from a series of chutes in the under-fuselage .
within the dakleton is a comprehensive radar/nav fit and the rear fuselage has been [changed] to take a battery of smoke canisters and flares , which can be ejected from a series of chutes in the under-fuselage .

This ‘ individualistic approach ’ , however , has been increasingly modified during the past hundred years .
this ‘ individualistic approach ’ , however , has been increasingly [changed] during the past hundred years .

( Ironically these provisions are a modified re-enactment of a section of the repealed Community Land Act . )
( ironically these provisions are a [changed] re-enactment of a section of the repealed community land act . )

If there is any way that could be modified ?
if there is any way that could be [changed] ?

Furthermore , in emphasising external social factors in the causal process , it provides the most hopeful model for a consideration of prevention , as social factors may be more readily modified than other contributing factors .
furthermore , in emphasising external social factors in the causal process , it provides the most hopeful model for a consideration of prevention , as social factors may be more readily [changed] than other contributing factors .

There are also many potential avenues for prevention through the vulnerability factors , and it would seem important to discover whether in practice vulnerability can be modified through preventive programmes .
there are also many potential avenues for prevention through the vulnerability factors , and it would seem important to discover whether in practice vulnerability can be [changed] through preventive programmes .

Furthermore , some of these sorts of approaches have been modified for more general use with those who are not already suffering a psychiatric disorder .
furthermore , some of these sorts of approaches have been [changed] for more general use with those who are not already suffering a psychiatric disorder .

There are several important ways in which turbulent shear flows may be modified — by a pressure gradient , by wall curvature , by rotation of the system , or by stratification .
there are several important ways in which turbulent shear flows may be [changed] — by a pressure gradient , by wall curvature , by rotation of the system , or by stratification .

For a layer of finite depth , the instability is modified by viscosity and thermal conductivity , together with the boundary conditions .
for a layer of finite depth , the instability is [changed] by viscosity and thermal conductivity , together with the boundary conditions .

It is likely that instabilities similar to those occurring in ‘ perfect crystal ’ motion again occur , but promoted and modified by the spatial imperfections .
it is likely that instabilities similar to those occurring in ‘ perfect crystal ’ motion again occur , but promoted and [changed] by the spatial imperfections .

It simplifies the algebra to confine attention to the case in which the unstable thermal stratification is weak compared with the stable salt stratification so that the oscillations are only slightly modified from those described by eqns ( 15.21 ) and ( 15.22 ) .
it simplifies the algebra to confine attention to the case in which the unstable thermal stratification is weak compared with the stable salt stratification so that the oscillations are only slightly [changed] from those described by eqns ( 15.21 ) and ( 15.22 ) .

Since this implies that the modified Brunt-Väisälä oscillations gradually grow in time ; i.e .
since this implies that the [changed] brunt-väisälä oscillations gradually grow in time ; i.e .

These two patterns of behaviour both involve layers in which there is convection due to the driving component little modified by the presence of the other component .
these two patterns of behaviour both involve layers in which there is convection due to the driving component little [changed] by the presence of the other component .

But attempts to understand particular turbulent flows , as outlined in Chapters 19–21 , have not been significantly modified or aided by the new developments .
but attempts to understand particular turbulent flows , as outlined in chapters 19–21 , have not been significantly [changed] or aided by the new developments .

The scents are possibly modified to pheromones in mating , for bees carrying scent apparently attract other males , so that about five display together whereupon the female chooses her mate .
the scents are possibly [changed] to pheromones in mating , for bees carrying scent apparently attract other males , so that about five display together whereupon the female chooses her mate .

Nevertheless , they modified the forest by nomadic behaviour and shifting cultivation , if they became truly independent .
nevertheless , they [changed] the forest by nomadic behaviour and shifting cultivation , if they became truly independent .

The initiative was subsequently modified and taken forward by Scottish Enterprise .
the initiative was subsequently [changed] and taken forward by scottish enterprise .

It haunts the pages of Adam Carse 's The orchestra from Beethoven to Berlioz ( 1948 ) , which conjectured that up to 1810 at the Opera the chef would ‘ hammer out the beat for the choruses and dances audibly on the floor , a table , or a music desk ’ Later in the same book Carse modified his stance , but concluded ( wrongly , as we shall see ) that it was the first violin who determined the ‘ interpretation [ and ] artistic side of the rendering ’ .
it haunts the pages of adam carse 's the orchestra from beethoven to berlioz ( 1948 ) , which conjectured that up to 1810 at the opera the chef would ‘ hammer out the beat for the choruses and dances audibly on the floor , a table , or a music desk ’ later in the same book carse [changed] his stance , but concluded ( wrongly , as we shall see ) that it was the first violin who determined the ‘ interpretation [ and ] artistic side of the rendering ’ .

Neumann 's statement about the air brakes is anyway very misleading , for they in fact can be set on a sliding scale , so that the speed of the machines can be gradually modified either up or down .
neumann 's statement about the air brakes is anyway very misleading , for they in fact can be set on a sliding scale , so that the speed of the machines can be gradually [changed] either up or down .

The margin of the overriding plate is constantly being modified by the subduction of oceanic lithosphere beneath it ; volcanic material is added , sediments accumulate and the margin may be broken by strike-slip faults .
the margin of the overriding plate is constantly being [changed] by the subduction of oceanic lithosphere beneath it ; volcanic material is added , sediments accumulate and the margin may be broken by strike-slip faults .

By the middle and late 1870s this situation had been substantially modified , but with few exceptions the rural population still largely prevailed over the urban .
by the middle and late 1870s this situation had been substantially [changed] , but with few exceptions the rural population still largely prevailed over the urban .

The great pundit of economics , John Stuart Mill ( 1806–73 ) ( he happened personally to sympathise with labour ) , modified his position on the question in 1869 , after which the ‘ wage-fund ’ theory no longer enjoyed canonical authority .
the great pundit of economics , john stuart mill ( 1806–73 ) ( he happened personally to sympathise with labour ) , [changed] his position on the question in 1869 , after which the ‘ wage-fund ’ theory no longer enjoyed canonical authority .

Educated men — notably sons of Protestant pastors or civil servants — modified but did not change their middle-class status by capitalist enterprise .
educated men — notably sons of protestant pastors or civil servants — [changed] but did not change their middle-class status by capitalist enterprise .

If we follow standard practice in assuming that prices are fixed as a mark up over variable costs and that the rate of productivity growth is exogenous , a modified Phillips curve of the form emerges .
if we follow standard practice in assuming that prices are fixed as a mark up over variable costs and that the rate of productivity growth is exogenous , a [changed] phillips curve of the form emerges .

Inspection of Figure 7.2 should make it quite clear how the neoclassical synthesis has been modified by the new classical writers .
inspection of figure 7.2 should make it quite clear how the neoclassical synthesis has been [changed] by the new classical writers .

If the interim payment was specifically assigned to one head of damage ( eg on account of nursing services or the cost of a specially modified bungalow for a quadraplegic ) there is no difficulty , and the note at para 29/11/2 of the 1993 White Book encourages the court to assign the payment to special damages to simplify the calculation of interest at trial .
if the interim payment was specifically assigned to one head of damage ( eg on account of nursing services or the cost of a specially [changed] bungalow for a quadraplegic ) there is no difficulty , and the note at para 29/11/2 of the 1993 white book encourages the court to assign the payment to special damages to simplify the calculation of interest at trial .

However , this will be made subject to contract , and to the results of the `` due diligence `` exercise that the investors will undertake , as a result of which the offer may be modified .
however , this will be made subject to contract , and to the results of the `` due diligence `` exercise that the investors will undertake , as a result of which the offer may be [changed] .

Obviously the position is modified if vendor shareholders of Target are to take shares or loan notes in Newco .
obviously the position is [changed] if vendor shareholders of target are to take shares or loan notes in newco .

Although the position has been modified by statute , traditionally a joint liability can only be enforced by bringing the claim at the same time against all the vendors undertaking the liability .
although the position has been [changed] by statute , traditionally a joint liability can only be enforced by bringing the claim at the same time against all the vendors undertaking the liability .

Governments are attempting to devise safeguards to minimise the risks of genetic pollution when `` genetically modified organisms `` ( GMOs ) are released into the environment .
governments are attempting to devise safeguards to minimise the risks of genetic pollution when `` genetically [changed] organisms `` ( gmos ) are released into the environment .

Available products include cheese made from a genetically modified enzyme and bread made with a genetically modified yeast .
available products include cheese made from a genetically [changed] enzyme and bread made with a genetically [changed] yeast .

Biotechnologists at the Institute of Microbiology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences have been testing rice modified to resist the red stripe virus , which can destroy entire harvests in Southeast Asia .
biotechnologists at the institute of microbiology of the chinese academy of sciences have been testing rice [changed] to resist the red stripe virus , which can destroy entire harvests in southeast asia .

It has criticized the government for not stressing the responsibilities of scientists in its draft safety guidelines on working with genetically modified organisms .
it has criticized the government for not stressing the responsibilities of scientists in its draft safety guidelines on working with genetically [changed] organisms .

Just as the governmental structure has been modified in response to political demands , so the responsibilities of government have grown as greater social and economic demands have been made of it .
just as the governmental structure has been [changed] in response to political demands , so the responsibilities of government have grown as greater social and economic demands have been made of it .

Conventions can be modified by changes in behaviour or by reinterpretations of the significance of certain behaviour .
conventions can be [changed] by changes in behaviour or by reinterpretations of the significance of certain behaviour .

These three conceptions have been subject to various criticisms : that many of the discretionary powers are vested in officials and public bodies , that many officials and bodies have powers and immunities that the ordinary citizen does not have , and that certain rights have been modified by or enacted in statute .
these three conceptions have been subject to various criticisms : that many of the discretionary powers are vested in officials and public bodies , that many officials and bodies have powers and immunities that the ordinary citizen does not have , and that certain rights have been [changed] by or enacted in statute .

For a brief period of one year , 1977-1978 , the Labour government of James Callaghan entered into a Pact with the Liberal parliamentary party : in return for voting support in the House of Commons ( necessary to maintain its majority ) , the government modified certain policies of its own and introduced certain measures favored by the Liberals .
for a brief period of one year , 1977-1978 , the labour government of james callaghan entered into a pact with the liberal parliamentary party : in return for voting support in the house of commons ( necessary to maintain its majority ) , the government [changed] certain policies of its own and introduced certain measures favored by the liberals .

Change for manual workers seems to have been handled mainly through pre-existing negotiation procedures , modified to deal with the introduction of new productive equipment on a more continuous basis .
change for manual workers seems to have been handled mainly through pre-existing negotiation procedures , [changed] to deal with the introduction of new productive equipment on a more continuous basis .

Beginning as one of the earliest stone-built castles in the entire country , Chepstow was to be modified and developed in successive stages right through to the Civil War of the Seventeenth century .
beginning as one of the earliest stone-built castles in the entire country , chepstow was to be [changed] and developed in successive stages right through to the civil war of the seventeenth century .

He passes on the recipe , modified to suit himself , and carrying with it the characteristically deflating note :
he passes on the recipe , [changed] to suit himself , and carrying with it the characteristically deflating note :

If a law does not account for all that happens , then it has to be modified .
if a law does not account for all that happens , then it has to be [changed] .

In time , the shape of the top of this was modified into a collar with slits in it .
in time , the shape of the top of this was [changed] into a collar with slits in it .

Cone shells also have a stalked radula but have modified it into a kind of gun .
cone shells also have a stalked radula but have [changed] it into a kind of gun .

In order to bring these organs to the notice of the insects , the whole structure is surrounded by brightly coloured modified leaves , the petals .
in order to bring these organs to the notice of the insects , the whole structure is surrounded by brightly coloured [changed] leaves , the petals .

Some have modified cells that are capable of producing luminous chemicals .
some have [changed] cells that are capable of producing luminous chemicals .

The fish have modified muscles in their flanks which generate and transmit these electric discharges .
the fish have [changed] muscles in their flanks which generate and transmit these electric discharges .

French state and technocentric-inspired planning have had great successes in both telecommunications and space ; but the British have had their acknowledged successes also — most notably in the broadcasting field , where a traditional consensual policy has been modified step-by-step and channel-by-channel down the decades since 1922 .
french state and technocentric-inspired planning have had great successes in both telecommunications and space ; but the british have had their acknowledged successes also — most notably in the broadcasting field , where a traditional consensual policy has been [changed] step-by-step and channel-by-channel down the decades since 1922 .

The European microelectronics picture was somewhat modified by the parallel decisions of three European champions ( discussed above ) to reemphasize vertical integration .
the european microelectronics picture was somewhat [changed] by the parallel decisions of three european champions ( discussed above ) to reemphasize vertical integration .

Under Article 37 , an obligation that has arisen for a third party can not be revoked or modified without the consent of the parties and the third party unless they have agreed otherwise .
under article 37 , an obligation that has arisen for a third party can not be revoked or [changed] without the consent of the parties and the third party unless they have agreed otherwise .

In all the provisions there are exception clauses : an obligation can be revoked or modified only with consent ‘ unless it is established they had otherwise agreed ’ ; assent shall be presumed ‘ so long as the contrary is not indicated ’ ; a right may not be revoked or modified ‘ if it is established that the right was intended not to be revocable ’ .
in all the provisions there are exception clauses : an obligation can be revoked or [changed] only with consent ‘ unless it is established they had otherwise agreed ’ ; assent shall be presumed ‘ so long as the contrary is not indicated ’ ; a right may not be revoked or [changed] ‘ if it is established that the right was intended not to be revocable ’ .

The corollary question is whether these third party rights can supersede those of the parties to the agreement , or whether they can be legitimately suspended or modified by the parties , and if so under what circumstances .
the corollary question is whether these third party rights can supersede those of the parties to the agreement , or whether they can be legitimately suspended or [changed] by the parties , and if so under what circumstances .

While this may have been the assumption in 1903 , it is not necessarily the case today that such treaties can be modified or suspended by the parties .
while this may have been the assumption in 1903 , it is not necessarily the case today that such treaties can be [changed] or suspended by the parties .

The lathe has been modified and now has an indexing system with a range of divisions with 16 , 32 or 60 stops .
the lathe has been [changed] and now has an indexing system with a range of divisions with 16 , 32 or 60 stops .

Modified Workmate
[changed] workmate

Whether it would have been possible against this background of practically continuous fighting in the south , more than a year before the first Vietnam war between France and the Vietminh is usually reckoned to have begun , for either side to have modified its objectives to the point where compromise could have been reached is obviously a question which is relevant to the origins of the Vietnam war and one must therefore look for the characteristics which , at least after the event , suggest a remarkably high risk of collision .
whether it would have been possible against this background of practically continuous fighting in the south , more than a year before the first vietnam war between france and the vietminh is usually reckoned to have begun , for either side to have [changed] its objectives to the point where compromise could have been reached is obviously a question which is relevant to the origins of the vietnam war and one must therefore look for the characteristics which , at least after the event , suggest a remarkably high risk of collision .

In other words , conscience begins to have marked effect , as the attitudes and strictures of which the child has bad experience during its upbringing are supported or modified by the beginnings of life within society , and is built into the sexual persona of the boy or girl ( increasingly meaningful terms at this stage ) which the child now finds itself to be .
in other words , conscience begins to have marked effect , as the attitudes and strictures of which the child has bad experience during its upbringing are supported or [changed] by the beginnings of life within society , and is built into the sexual persona of the boy or girl ( increasingly meaningful terms at this stage ) which the child now finds itself to be .

Considerable variability exists in the practice of post infarction testing ; predischarge or late , Bruce or modified , symptom or rate limited and the criteria judged as positive .
considerable variability exists in the practice of post infarction testing ; predischarge or late , bruce or [changed] , symptom or rate limited and the criteria judged as positive .

He subsequently conceded that the views of English formed in the course of his own education at Edinburgh and Oxford had come to be modified in terms of `` Cambridge `` notions .
he subsequently conceded that the views of english formed in the course of his own education at edinburgh and oxford had come to be [changed] in terms of `` cambridge `` notions .

Feedback has shown that a lot was learnt and all are keen to see the programme continue — possibly in a slightly modified format .
feedback has shown that a lot was learnt and all are keen to see the programme continue — possibly in a slightly [changed] format .

Although somewhat modified by southern customs deriving from the written Roman law of the Midi , the constitutions of Bordeaux , Bayonne and smaller towns such as Libourne , La Réole or St Emilion were primarily northern French in derivation and inspiration .
although somewhat [changed] by southern customs deriving from the written roman law of the midi , the constitutions of bordeaux , bayonne and smaller towns such as libourne , la réole or st emilion were primarily northern french in derivation and inspiration .

Also the procedures may be tapered and modified at the outset to meet the needs of the individual .
also the procedures may be tapered and [changed] at the outset to meet the needs of the individual .

The following structured programme has been designed , modified and run by the authors on numerous occasions over the last five years .
the following structured programme has been designed , [changed] and run by the authors on numerous occasions over the last five years .

Learning is a process whereby knowledge , skills and attitudes are acquired or modified in such a way that human behaviour is more or less permanently changed .
learning is a process whereby knowledge , skills and attitudes are acquired or [changed] in such a way that human behaviour is more or less permanently changed .

The collective expression of an individual nomadic group , village , region or even an entire country is , however , modified by the wider unifying influences of culture , religion and ethnic origin .
the collective expression of an individual nomadic group , village , region or even an entire country is , however , [changed] by the wider unifying influences of culture , religion and ethnic origin .

The 1978 White Paper modified this by providing for greater flexibility and by linking prices in price-setting industries to the financial target set .
the 1978 white paper [changed] this by providing for greater flexibility and by linking prices in price-setting industries to the financial target set .

Four weeks later at Avus he was back behind the controls , even through he hobbled to his car on crutches and had to be lifted into the cockpit and the pedals had to be modified because he could use only one foot .
four weeks later at avus he was back behind the controls , even through he hobbled to his car on crutches and had to be lifted into the cockpit and the pedals had to be [changed] because he could use only one foot .

it can be seen that the feature list for the ’ dance ’ sense of ’ ball ’ needs to be modified to include the act of ’ hitting ’ ; and with it , everything else that can occur at such a function .
it can be seen that the feature list for the ’ dance ’ sense of ’ ball ’ needs to be [changed] to include the act of ’ hitting ’ ; and with it , everything else that can occur at such a function .

The case roles have been modified since Fillmore 's original definition to include restrictions such as these , but the restriction lists grow to an interminable length and the technique is still unable to recognise that two expressions ( e.g .
the case roles have been [changed] since fillmore 's original definition to include restrictions such as these , but the restriction lists grow to an interminable length and the technique is still unable to recognise that two expressions ( e.g .

The output of the program may be modified by adjusting a number of parameters :
the output of the program may be [changed] by adjusting a number of parameters :

In the Puritan tradition this was modified .
in the puritan tradition this was [changed] .

Maudsley modified his 1867 comments and in 1895 argued that masturbation was a product of a particular form of insanity , due to the processes of adolescence .
maudsley [changed] his 1867 comments and in 1895 argued that masturbation was a product of a particular form of insanity , due to the processes of adolescence .

Watt found great difficulty in working with the Cornish mine captains and obtaining from them full payment for the engines they had built or modified .
watt found great difficulty in working with the cornish mine captains and obtaining from them full payment for the engines they had built or [changed] .

They were not , however , modified according to any consistent principle , but by a variety of ad hoc remedies .
they were not , however , [changed] according to any consistent principle , but by a variety of ad hoc remedies .

There remained grounds for believing that the mass of the working class could be persuaded to support a modified status quo and wider acceptance that the claims of labour for better conditions were either legitimate or , at least , necessitated some compromise to avoid a more threatening mass move to the left .
there remained grounds for believing that the mass of the working class could be persuaded to support a [changed] status quo and wider acceptance that the claims of labour for better conditions were either legitimate or , at least , necessitated some compromise to avoid a more threatening mass move to the left .

Many who had no wish to see the principles of 1834 modified were alarmed by the rise in poor relief expenditure .
many who had no wish to see the principles of 1834 [changed] were alarmed by the rise in poor relief expenditure .

Thus we have seen that there is considerable evidence of a living and functioning network of kin ( some sociologists write of a ‘ modified extended family ’ ) in modern industrial society and how some historians have shown how many similarities exist between the family in pre-industrial Europe and the family of our own times .
thus we have seen that there is considerable evidence of a living and functioning network of kin ( some sociologists write of a ‘ [changed] extended family ’ ) in modern industrial society and how some historians have shown how many similarities exist between the family in pre-industrial europe and the family of our own times .

In this chapter , we intend briefly to survey some of the cultural and technological correlates of a society 's attitudes towards child upbringing generally ; and , more specifically , to examine a few of the ways in which the individual methods which parents adopt in the handling of their small children are defined or modified by the intricate pattern of cultural pressures to which they find themselves subject .
in this chapter , we intend briefly to survey some of the cultural and technological correlates of a society 's attitudes towards child upbringing generally ; and , more specifically , to examine a few of the ways in which the individual methods which parents adopt in the handling of their small children are defined or [changed] by the intricate pattern of cultural pressures to which they find themselves subject .

In other words these Guatemalan children show , as do Dennis 's institutionalized infants , that retardation during the first year or two of life is reversible , and that early experiences , however drastic at the time , do not necessarily set up patterns of behaviour that can not subsequently be modified .
in other words these guatemalan children show , as do dennis 's institutionalized infants , that retardation during the first year or two of life is reversible , and that early experiences , however drastic at the time , do not necessarily set up patterns of behaviour that can not subsequently be [changed] .

This applies even to such comparatively gross factors as minimal brain damage : in one family its effects may be modified and normalized ; in another they may be exaggerated and become the starting point of considerable behaviour problems .
this applies even to such comparatively gross factors as minimal brain damage : in one family its effects may be [changed] and normalized ; in another they may be exaggerated and become the starting point of considerable behaviour problems .

Western practices and ideas were modified to fit in with Japanese reality — though there were periods when ‘ Westernization ’ was very much the vogue .
western practices and ideas were [changed] to fit in with japanese reality — though there were periods when ‘ westernization ’ was very much the vogue .

While the Japanese often modified Chinese customs , and domestic developments frequently rendered Japanese practice far removed from the original Chinese model , Chinese-based cultural practices remained highly significant in Japan .
while the japanese often [changed] chinese customs , and domestic developments frequently rendered japanese practice far removed from the original chinese model , chinese-based cultural practices remained highly significant in japan .

Though designed both to save foreign exchange and for social welfare reasons , this policy had later to be modified as problems of quality and unreliable supply multiplied .
though designed both to save foreign exchange and for social welfare reasons , this policy had later to be [changed] as problems of quality and unreliable supply multiplied .

The officer 's undress headgear was a dark blue visored forage cap of ‘ pill-box ’ shape : ‘ … the diameter at the top slightly less than at the base , the height 3¼ inches all round ; … The visor of black patent leather … continued on page 11 green underneath , rounded , and sloping downward from the horizontal … four black metal eyelets for ventilation , two on each side , placed above the band ; a cap cord of gold bullion ⅛ inch in diameter , secured at both ends by small regulation buttons … a band of lustrous black mohair braid … The cap badge for all officers will be the coat of arms of the United States , embroidered in gold , modified according to pattern , and will be placed in front so that the top of the badge will be slightly below the top of the cap . ’
the officer 's undress headgear was a dark blue visored forage cap of ‘ pill-box ’ shape : ‘ … the diameter at the top slightly less than at the base , the height 3¼ inches all round ; … the visor of black patent leather … continued on page 11 green underneath , rounded , and sloping downward from the horizontal … four black metal eyelets for ventilation , two on each side , placed above the band ; a cap cord of gold bullion ⅛ inch in diameter , secured at both ends by small regulation buttons … a band of lustrous black mohair braid … the cap badge for all officers will be the coat of arms of the united states , embroidered in gold , [changed] according to pattern , and will be placed in front so that the top of the badge will be slightly below the top of the cap . ’

He wears the formal ‘ guard ’ and walking-out dress of December 1935 regulations , as modified in July 1940 and August 1941 .
he wears the formal ‘ guard ’ and walking-out dress of december 1935 regulations , as [changed] in july 1940 and august 1941 .

It can be constantly modified according to its effect and thus the social function dominates the logical .
it can be constantly [changed] according to its effect and thus the social function dominates the logical .

Modified American plan — Room , breakfast and one main meal .
[changed] american plan — room , breakfast and one main meal .

modified American plan ;
[changed] american plan ;

Accordingly , the programme was designed so that it could be modified in the light of experience , and families could choose to discontinue investigation at every stage from the initial screening test to the confirmed diagnosis .
accordingly , the programme was designed so that it could be [changed] in the light of experience , and families could choose to discontinue investigation at every stage from the initial screening test to the confirmed diagnosis .

This family was the second detected and our practice has since been modified to make a disclosure no sooner than 6 weeks .
this family was the second detected and our practice has since been [changed] to make a disclosure no sooner than 6 weeks .

Some of the risk factors identified , such as the work characteristics , could be modified to reduce sickness absence .
some of the risk factors identified , such as the work characteristics , could be [changed] to reduce sickness absence .

whether standard package , modified package , or bespoke
whether standard package , [changed] package , or bespoke

standard or modified ?
standard or [changed] ?

Over time , age and reality catch up with the dreams but , even though the dreams have to be modified , often painfully , the search for an opportunity to stretch oneself , to let the potential emerge , is endless .
over time , age and reality catch up with the dreams but , even though the dreams have to be [changed] , often painfully , the search for an opportunity to stretch oneself , to let the potential emerge , is endless .

The sets of values embedded in one 's goals in childhood have to be modified so radically and conflicts resolved so ruthlessly that few attempt it .
the sets of values embedded in one 's goals in childhood have to be [changed] so radically and conflicts resolved so ruthlessly that few attempt it .

Also , much practice is based on what was learnt from teaching and vocational training subsequently modified by experience , but does not necessarily reflect current knowledge in all areas — for example , many continue to give repeated routine examination in shared antenatal care .
also , much practice is based on what was learnt from teaching and vocational training subsequently [changed] by experience , but does not necessarily reflect current knowledge in all areas — for example , many continue to give repeated routine examination in shared antenatal care .

Even in 1981 this occurred , to some extent , with the president 's budgetary plans being modified to a degree that a British prime minister would regard as wholly intolerable .
even in 1981 this occurred , to some extent , with the president 's budgetary plans being [changed] to a degree that a british prime minister would regard as wholly intolerable .

wants to see plans for the modified programme in early June , and a first draft is expected by mid-May .
wants to see plans for the [changed] programme in early june , and a first draft is expected by mid-may .

For example , in mice modified liver cells have been implanted , which have not only corrected the phenylalanine defect but have remained healthy for the normal life span of the animal .
for example , in mice [changed] liver cells have been implanted , which have not only corrected the phenylalanine defect but have remained healthy for the normal life span of the animal .

There the eleventh-century proliferation of consuetudines and castellanies had been modified by the survival ( in places at least ) of the old administrative framework , and by the tradition that serious offences were justiciable in a court higher than that of the castellan .
there the eleventh-century proliferation of consuetudines and castellanies had been [changed] by the survival ( in places at least ) of the old administrative framework , and by the tradition that serious offences were justiciable in a court higher than that of the castellan .

All of Ptolemy 's original groups are still to be found on our maps , though their boundaries have been modified in many cases .
all of ptolemy 's original groups are still to be found on our maps , though their boundaries have been [changed] in many cases .

The requirements may well be modified as detailed work and discussion proceed .
the requirements may well be [changed] as detailed work and discussion proceed .

When work is complete on any given tables the most recent versions of the text of new or modified entries are returned to the archive .
when work is complete on any given tables the most recent versions of the text of new or [changed] entries are returned to the archive .

Additional versions are created when text is modified by either automatic or manual ( editorial ) processes .
additional versions are created when text is [changed] by either automatic or manual ( editorial ) processes .

After-images of new and modified blocks are written to twin log files .
after-images of new and [changed] blocks are written to twin log files .

Such views will be modified in the light of the classroom development of program and its associated documentation .
such views will be [changed] in the light of the classroom development of program and its associated documentation .

Though not absolutely essential for a first draft version of a program , it is very important for later versions to be logically structured and easily readable so that they can be easily understood and modified by the author and others if required .
though not absolutely essential for a first draft version of a program , it is very important for later versions to be logically structured and easily readable so that they can be easily understood and [changed] by the author and others if required .

Once changes have been made it is just as important to observe the modified unit in action as it was to conduct the initial trials .
once changes have been made it is just as important to observe the [changed] unit in action as it was to conduct the initial trials .

This technique for calling subroutines has the disadvantage that locations are being modified in the instruction area , and that recursive subroutine calls are difficult .
this technique for calling subroutines has the disadvantage that locations are being [changed] in the instruction area , and that recursive subroutine calls are difficult .

Suppose that an instruction which specified indexed addressing could also specify whether the index value was to be modified ( for example , it could be incremented by one ) .
suppose that an instruction which specified indexed addressing could also specify whether the index value was to be [changed] ( for example , it could be incremented by one ) .

One technique for getting round this problem was mentioned on page 110 , whereby a jump instruction in the subroutine was modified before entry .
one technique for getting round this problem was mentioned on page 110 , whereby a jump instruction in the subroutine was [changed] before entry .

They arise from modified epidermal cells and may be classified into setae and spurs .
they arise from [changed] epidermal cells and may be classified into setae and spurs .

( , ) Scales — These are highly modified clothing hairs and are characteristic of all Lepidoptera and many Collembola : they are also present in some Thysanura , Coleoptera , Diptera and Hymenoptera .
( , ) scales — these are highly [changed] clothing hairs and are characteristic of all lepidoptera and many collembola : they are also present in some thysanura , coleoptera , diptera and hymenoptera .

( 4 ) Sensory Setae — Very frequently the setae of certain parts of the body , particularly the appendages , are modified in special ways and become sensory in function .
( 4 ) sensory setae — very frequently the setae of certain parts of the body , particularly the appendages , are [changed] in special ways and become sensory in function .

Functionally the antennae are organs of special -sense ( Schneider , 1964 ; see also p. 139 ) but in a few cases they are modified for other uses .
functionally the antennae are organs of special -sense ( schneider , 1964 ; see also p. 139 ) but in a few cases they are [changed] for other uses .

They are usually adapted for cutting or crushing the food and frequently also for defence ; more rarely they are modified into sickle-like or stylet-like piercing organs .
they are usually adapted for cutting or crushing the food and frequently also for defence ; more rarely they are [changed] into sickle-like or stylet-like piercing organs .

in their least modified form the cervical sclerites consists of paired dorsal , lateral and ventral plates of which the lateral pair is of special importance .
in their least [changed] form the cervical sclerites consists of paired dorsal , lateral and ventral plates of which the lateral pair is of special importance .

Thus in the Gryllotalpidae , the Scarabaeidae and some others the fore legs are modified for burrowing , and in the Mantidae , Phymatidae and Mantispidae for seizing and holding the prey .
thus in the gryllotalpidae , the scarabaeidae and some others the fore legs are [changed] for burrowing , and in the mantidae , phymatidae and mantispidae for seizing and holding the prey .

According to Snodgrass they occur in all winged insects but are much modified in the Ephemeroptera and Odonata , presumably because these insects do not flex the wings over the abdomen at rest .
according to snodgrass they occur in all winged insects but are much [changed] in the ephemeroptera and odonata , presumably because these insects do not flex the wings over the abdomen at rest .

While the researches of Comstock and Needham form the basis for the interpretation of venation , their original conceptions have been modified by the later work of Lameere ( 1922 ) , Hamilton ( 1972 ) and many papers by Martynov and Tillyard .
while the researches of comstock and needham form the basis for the interpretation of venation , their original conceptions have been [changed] by the later work of lameere ( 1922 ) , hamilton ( 1972 ) and many papers by martynov and tillyard .

Groups of sensilla at the base of the halteres are stimulated by deformations of the integument when the halteres vibrate and the resulting pattern of nervous impulses is modified by the addition of torques due to the turning movements of the fly .
groups of sensilla at the base of the halteres are stimulated by deformations of the integument when the halteres vibrate and the resulting pattern of nervous impulses is [changed] by the addition of torques due to the turning movements of the fly .

The morphological interpretation of these structures presents many problems , especially as there is a basic and long-standing controversy as to whether they are , at least in part , modified abdominal appendages serially homologous with the thoracic limbs , or whether they are simply secondary sternal processes .
the morphological interpretation of these structures presents many problems , especially as there is a basic and long-standing controversy as to whether they are , at least in part , [changed] abdominal appendages serially homologous with the thoracic limbs , or whether they are simply secondary sternal processes .

In general arrangement , the skeletal muscular system corresponds with the segmentation of the body and is shown in its least modified form in some apterygotes , the lower Pterygota and many larvae .
in general arrangement , the skeletal muscular system corresponds with the segmentation of the body and is shown in its least [changed] form in some apterygotes , the lower pterygota and many larvae .

Alternatively , modified test items or different test procedures may be necessary .
alternatively , [changed] test items or different test procedures may be necessary .

Table 2 provides a possible scheme for staging living embryos , although the criteria used may have to be refined or modified according to the nature of the experiment .
table 2 provides a possible scheme for staging living embryos , although the criteria used may have to be refined or [changed] according to the nature of the experiment .

All instruments are made by first pulling gradually tapered needles which are subsequently modified to produce the requisite implement .
all instruments are made by first pulling gradually tapered needles which are subsequently [changed] to produce the requisite implement .

The technique as described originally is applied to the mouse testis below ( Section 2.1 ) , and modified in our laboratory for use with human testicular material ( Section 2.2 ) .
the technique as described originally is applied to the mouse testis below ( section 2.1 ) , and [changed] in our laboratory for use with human testicular material ( section 2.2 ) .

The ‘ information revolution ’ has subtly modified the culture of journalism in Britain .
the ‘ information revolution ’ has subtly [changed] the culture of journalism in britain .

This regressive nature of the community charge is modified by the systems of rebates and exemptions .
this regressive nature of the community charge is [changed] by the systems of rebates and exemptions .

However , these traditional role expectations prove weaker than the pressure of the other goals and practical constraints , and so the gender role is modified .
however , these traditional role expectations prove weaker than the pressure of the other goals and practical constraints , and so the gender role is [changed] .

‘ The freedom and way of life we have been accustomed to enjoy for so long will vanish ’ , Kenneth Oxford , Chief Constable of Merseyside , prophesied in 1977 ; ‘ what we are experiencing is not a passing phenomenon but a continuing process of change in our way of life … our customary ways of behaving and our traditional values are being radically modified .
‘ the freedom and way of life we have been accustomed to enjoy for so long will vanish ’ , kenneth oxford , chief constable of merseyside , prophesied in 1977 ; ‘ what we are experiencing is not a passing phenomenon but a continuing process of change in our way of life … our customary ways of behaving and our traditional values are being radically [changed] .

Writers such as Robert Keohane , in his 1984 study After Hegemony , and Stephen Krasner , in his work on international regimes and in his 1978 book Defending the National Interest , argue that a modified version of Realism , or what Krasner calls ‘ structural Realism ’ , can help in explaining international economic issues .
writers such as robert keohane , in his 1984 study after hegemony , and stephen krasner , in his work on international regimes and in his 1978 book defending the national interest , argue that a [changed] version of realism , or what krasner calls ‘ structural realism ’ , can help in explaining international economic issues .

By the test of later reflection his idea of explanation was confused and his findings have been at least modified by the theory of relativity .
by the test of later reflection his idea of explanation was confused and his findings have been at least [changed] by the theory of relativity .

At the beginning of the period chronicled in Acts , his position has modified only slightly .
at the beginning of the period chronicled in acts , his position has [changed] only slightly .

It can certainly be argued that the twin-Messiah theme appears in the New Testament , albeit in drastically modified and probably garbled form .
it can certainly be argued that the twin-messiah theme appears in the new testament , albeit in drastically [changed] and probably garbled form .

Both groups proposed a modified version of Gower 's initial findings and in January 1985 the Government published its long awaited White Paper .
both groups proposed a [changed] version of gower 's initial findings and in january 1985 the government published its long awaited white paper .

In trying to regulate insider dealing within conglomerates by means of a Chinese Wall , obligations owed by conglomerates to customers may need to be modified .
in trying to regulate insider dealing within conglomerates by means of a chinese wall , obligations owed by conglomerates to customers may need to be [changed] .

Family Allowance , or Child Benefit as a modified version of it is now known , has not always had the unequivocal support of the entire women 's movement .
family allowance , or child benefit as a [changed] version of it is now known , has not always had the unequivocal support of the entire women 's movement .

That work can be modified by raising the standards of damp insulation , changing the size of the garden or abandoning it altogether , and introducing running hot water and central heating , but it will remain repetitive , and almost always compulsory rather than voluntary .
that work can be [changed] by raising the standards of damp insulation , changing the size of the garden or abandoning it altogether , and introducing running hot water and central heating , but it will remain repetitive , and almost always compulsory rather than voluntary .

The ego is that part of the id which has through perception been modified by the external world .
the ego is that part of the id which has through perception been [changed] by the external world .

If this seems too scandalous an idea , as it is for many people , it can be modified without damage to Freud 's other theories , and the cultures of human societies may be seen as transmitting the repressed material of earlier generations to the present one .
if this seems too scandalous an idea , as it is for many people , it can be [changed] without damage to freud 's other theories , and the cultures of human societies may be seen as transmitting the repressed material of earlier generations to the present one .

In this different culture it can be said that the basic dynamics of the Oedipal situation appear , albeit modified by the different structural and cultural arrangements .
in this different culture it can be said that the basic dynamics of the oedipal situation appear , albeit [changed] by the different structural and cultural arrangements .

He ignores Freud 's other remarks : ‘ that the ego is that part of the id which has been modified by the direct influence of the external world … ’ .
he ignores freud 's other remarks : ‘ that the ego is that part of the id which has been [changed] by the direct influence of the external world … ’ .

Though it uses a modified self adjusting back , this is not obvious .
though it uses a [changed] self adjusting back , this is not obvious .

This course , modified to take one day , was repeated in January for the officers in charge of Evening Duty and in March for those next in seniority in the evenings .
this course , [changed] to take one day , was repeated in january for the officers in charge of evening duty and in march for those next in seniority in the evenings .

In addition , a restatement of the Policy Paper on the Advanced Courses Development Programme , modified in the light of experience of phase 1 and 2 pilot courses ' progress , will be circulated early next session .
in addition , a restatement of the policy paper on the advanced courses development programme , [changed] in the light of experience of phase 1 and 2 pilot courses ' progress , will be circulated early next session .

The financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention modified by the revaluation of properties and in accordance with applicable accounting standards .
the financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention [changed] by the revaluation of properties and in accordance with applicable accounting standards .

As the group consisted of both biology and physics teachers , the regular meetings ensured that good classroom practice and many teaching strategies which were successful in one subject area could be incorporated or modified in the other .
as the group consisted of both biology and physics teachers , the regular meetings ensured that good classroom practice and many teaching strategies which were successful in one subject area could be incorporated or [changed] in the other .

Shannon and Weaver ( 1949 ) modified Lasswells model by looking at communication as a chain of messages to be communicated :
shannon and weaver ( 1949 ) [changed] lasswells model by looking at communication as a chain of messages to be communicated :

The bones are first modified and altered to conform to the skeletal dimensions of the body , which is then built up from the inside outwards using organic substitute flesh .
the bones are first [changed] and altered to conform to the skeletal dimensions of the body , which is then built up from the inside outwards using organic substitute flesh .

Around you are your brother 's dreams , later modified by myself , recently modified by you .
around you are your brother 's dreams , later [changed] by myself , recently [changed] by you .

Grafts beneath his fingernails monitored her brain activity and the modified ceramic film coating his contact lenses recorded changes in her body heat to five decimal places .
grafts beneath his fingernails monitored her brain activity and the [changed] ceramic film coating his contact lenses recorded changes in her body heat to five decimal places .

However , he had slowly modified his lack of jealousy into trust .
however , he had slowly [changed] his lack of jealousy into trust .

In hunter-gatherer societies where food is stored , perhaps as in palaeolithic Europe , for the winter , the improvident , take-no-thought-for-the-morrow character of the immediate-return hunter-gatherer has to be modified .
in hunter-gatherer societies where food is stored , perhaps as in palaeolithic europe , for the winter , the improvident , take-no-thought-for-the-morrow character of the immediate-return hunter-gatherer has to be [changed] .

Specially modified accommodation for students in wheelchairs or with other disabilities is available at Pollock Halls and elsewhere .
specially [changed] accommodation for students in wheelchairs or with other disabilities is available at pollock halls and elsewhere .

Applicants must meet the normal University entry requirements , which are modified in the case of mature students ( see section on Mature Students above ) .
applicants must meet the normal university entry requirements , which are [changed] in the case of mature students ( see section on mature students above ) .

This interpretation of relationships between party bureaucrats and political representatives was later modified by Milovan Djilas , a senior member of the Yugoslavian political leadership after the Second World War who observed that in Yugoslavia at least the party leaders had ceased to be revolutionaries and politicians but had turned into bureaucrats themselves .
this interpretation of relationships between party bureaucrats and political representatives was later [changed] by milovan djilas , a senior member of the yugoslavian political leadership after the second world war who observed that in yugoslavia at least the party leaders had ceased to be revolutionaries and politicians but had turned into bureaucrats themselves .

Most legislation is modified to some degree as a consequence , sometimes extensively .
most legislation is [changed] to some degree as a consequence , sometimes extensively .

The colonial form of government can perhaps be described as a ruling bureaucracy in the sense of government by appointed officials only slightly modified by the gradual emergence of consultative , advisory and legislative councils .
the colonial form of government can perhaps be described as a ruling bureaucracy in the sense of government by appointed officials only slightly [changed] by the gradual emergence of consultative , advisory and legislative councils .

Organizations are seen as rational instruments for realizing explicit goals , with different parts that can be modified so as to increase efficiency ( Gouldner 1959 ) .
organizations are seen as rational instruments for realizing explicit goals , with different parts that can be [changed] so as to increase efficiency ( gouldner 1959 ) .

The most devastating critique of the proposal to create incentives to efficient behaviour from a modified profit system and ‘ deferred prizes ’ comes from Wade .
the most devastating critique of the proposal to create incentives to efficient behaviour from a [changed] profit system and ‘ deferred prizes ’ comes from wade .

Four biopsy specimens of the antrum and four of the gastric body were taken and were analysed by urease test , microscopy of a methyleblue stained mucosal smear , specific culture , and histology after modified Giemsa staining as described elsewhere .
four biopsy specimens of the antrum and four of the gastric body were taken and were analysed by urease test , microscopy of a methyleblue stained mucosal smear , specific culture , and histology after [changed] giemsa staining as described elsewhere .

Neutralising antibody titres against poliovirus types 1 , 2 , and 3 were measured with a modified microneutralisation assay .
neutralising antibody titres against poliovirus types 1 , 2 , and 3 were measured with a [changed] microneutralisation assay .

Extensive oesophagogastric devascularisation combined with splenectomy , pyloromyotomy , vagotomy , and oesophageal transection has been widely practised in Japan while a modified version of this operation has been used in Great Britain .
extensive oesophagogastric devascularisation combined with splenectomy , pyloromyotomy , vagotomy , and oesophageal transection has been widely practised in japan while a [changed] version of this operation has been used in great britain .

We report here the results of a three centre prospective randomised controlled trial comparing repeated endoscopic injection sclerotherapy with the modified transection and devascularisation procedure in the long term management of patients with cirrhosis and oesophageal variceal haemorrhage .
we report here the results of a three centre prospective randomised controlled trial comparing repeated endoscopic injection sclerotherapy with the [changed] transection and devascularisation procedure in the long term management of patients with cirrhosis and oesophageal variceal haemorrhage .

At colonoscopy the macroscopic appearance of the mucosa in the splenic flexure , the sigmoid colon , and the rectum was graded according to a modified Baron scale : grade 0=normal vascular pattern ; grade 1=loss of vascular pattern , mucosal oedema but no bleeding ; grade 2=granularity , friability , mucosal bleeding on instrument contact ; and grade 3=discrete ulcerations and spontaneous bleeding — that is free blood in lumen when introducing the endoscope .
at colonoscopy the macroscopic appearance of the mucosa in the splenic flexure , the sigmoid colon , and the rectum was graded according to a [changed] baron scale : grade 0=normal vascular pattern ; grade 1=loss of vascular pattern , mucosal oedema but no bleeding ; grade 2=granularity , friability , mucosal bleeding on instrument contact ; and grade 3=discrete ulcerations and spontaneous bleeding — that is free blood in lumen when introducing the endoscope .

We used a four grade scale , originally described by Watts et al and slightly modified to reflect the intensity of the inflammation present .
we used a four grade scale , originally described by watts et al and slightly [changed] to reflect the intensity of the inflammation present .

There was one modified Whipple 's procedure .
there was one [changed] whipple 's procedure .

Bowel frequency , on the other hand , was only slightly modified .
bowel frequency , on the other hand , was only slightly [changed] .

Test for linear trends were based on Mantel 's method modified to accommodate standarised data .
test for linear trends were based on mantel 's method [changed] to accommodate standarised data .

Hausman ( 1985 ) notes how the Slutsky equation discussed above needs to be modified in the presence of a tax system that is more complicated than the proportional one assumed in equation ( 12–1 ) .
hausman ( 1985 ) notes how the slutsky equation discussed above needs to be [changed] in the presence of a tax system that is more complicated than the proportional one assumed in equation ( 12–1 ) .

He flew Willi Messerschmitt 's masterpiece , the 109 , in the Norwegian campaign , and over France , Belgium and Holland , while fitting in some high-level photo reconnaissance over England in a modified 110 .
he flew willi messerschmitt 's masterpiece , the 109 , in the norwegian campaign , and over france , belgium and holland , while fitting in some high-level photo reconnaissance over england in a [changed] 110 .

Any tendency he might have had to crow , or scoff at his achievements , was modified by the dreadful news from the continent .
any tendency he might have had to crow , or scoff at his achievements , was [changed] by the dreadful news from the continent .

Typical of this information is the history of the module , with a record of the different versions , when it was modified , and by whom .
typical of this information is the history of the module , with a record of the different versions , when it was [changed] , and by whom .

Modified without agreement
[changed] without agreement

In order not to forget the solution , two DCs were proposed , referring to the modules which would need to be modified .
in order not to forget the solution , two dcs were proposed , referring to the modules which would need to be [changed] .

to use the modified modules in any subsequent modifications to your package , or
to use the [changed] modules in any subsequent modifications to your package , or

Ensure that software can not be modified without the prior knowledge of all users concerned .
ensure that software can not be [changed] without the prior knowledge of all users concerned .

Ensure that duly modified software has an updated issue number .
ensure that duly [changed] software has an updated issue number .

Ensure that modified software is formally approved before the modification operation is recognised as complete .
ensure that [changed] software is formally approved before the modification operation is recognised as complete .

They may be issued or modified by anyone with the requisite permission ( see Section 6 of this manual ) , who also has the appropriate access rights .
they may be issued or [changed] by anyone with the requisite permission ( see section 6 of this manual ) , who also has the appropriate access rights .

Approved The modified modules have all been formally approved and are available for use . To reach this state :
approved the [changed] modules have all been formally approved and are available for use . to reach this state :

Provided that the module is not called up by any packages managed by other users , the module manager can authorise the module to be modified , copied and deleted .
provided that the module is not called up by any packages managed by other users , the module manager can authorise the module to be [changed] , copied and deleted .

If the module is called up by other packages managed by other users , it can only be modified , copied or deleted if the agreement of the relevant package managers is obtained .
if the module is called up by other packages managed by other users , it can only be [changed] , copied or deleted if the agreement of the relevant package managers is obtained .

Provided that the module is not called up by any packages managed by other users , the module manager can authorise the module to be modified , copied and deleted .
provided that the module is not called up by any packages managed by other users , the module manager can authorise the module to be [changed] , copied and deleted .

If the module is called up by other packages managed by other users , it can only be modified , copied or deleted if the agreement of the relevant package managers is obtained .
if the module is called up by other packages managed by other users , it can only be [changed] , copied or deleted if the agreement of the relevant package managers is obtained .

In what sounds like a mildly unsettling scenario , the appropriately modified domestic receiver would spring into life while the American family slept , printing out a radio-dispatched newspaper to be read at breakfast time .
in what sounds like a mildly unsettling scenario , the appropriately [changed] domestic receiver would spring into life while the american family slept , printing out a radio-dispatched newspaper to be read at breakfast time .

The modified homologous chromosomes separate and move to opposite poles where new nuclei form , each with the haploid number of chromosomes .
the [changed] homologous chromosomes separate and move to opposite poles where new nuclei form , each with the haploid number of chromosomes .

In 1873 Johannes van der Waals modified the ideal gas equation to take account of the deviations of real gases .
in 1873 johannes van der waals [changed] the ideal gas equation to take account of the deviations of real gases .

The timetable should be reviewed and , if appropriate , should be modified as the project progresses .
the timetable should be reviewed and , if appropriate , should be [changed] as the project progresses .

New organisms can be created and others modified by manipulating genetic material .
new organisms can be created and others [changed] by manipulating genetic material .

The list of restricted exports was modified to remove 30 items of minor strategic value , with another eight items to be derestricted from August .
the list of restricted exports was [changed] to remove 30 items of minor strategic value , with another eight items to be derestricted from august .

Under a modified form of proportional representation , seats were allocated in proportion to votes won within each of these multi-member constituencies .
under a [changed] form of proportional representation , seats were allocated in proportion to votes won within each of these multi-member constituencies .

The Pope 's itinerary of public engagements throughout the country was modified to include a special service in Tuxtla Gutierrez , the scene of an airline crash which killed the Bishop of Tapachula and 26 pilgrims on May 10 .
the pope 's itinerary of public engagements throughout the country was [changed] to include a special service in tuxtla gutierrez , the scene of an airline crash which killed the bishop of tapachula and 26 pilgrims on may 10 .

Despite strong church opposition , Parliament on June 12 , 1989 , modified Article 111 of the Constitution which regulated family law , marriage and divorce , ending the Orthodox Church 's control of these matters .
despite strong church opposition , parliament on june 12 , 1989 , [changed] article 111 of the constitution which regulated family law , marriage and divorce , ending the orthodox church 's control of these matters .

Gorbachev nevertheless appeared to have modified his earlier rejection of negotiations with Lithuania , telling reporters that there would be `` mutually respectful dialogue `` .
gorbachev nevertheless appeared to have [changed] his earlier rejection of negotiations with lithuania , telling reporters that there would be `` mutually respectful dialogue `` .

Iraq had successfully tested a modified Soviet Scud-B missile ( the al-Husayen ) in 1987 , effectively doubling its 300-km range , thereby placing Tel Aviv , Tehran and Damascus within range .
iraq had successfully tested a [changed] soviet scud-b missile ( the al-husayen ) in 1987 , effectively doubling its 300-km range , thereby placing tel aviv , tehran and damascus within range .

Further , as a result of the changes in Europe , the size and tasks of nuclear deterrent forces would be modified and adapted , and the role for substrategic nuclear systems of the shortest range would be significantly reduced .
further , as a result of the changes in europe , the size and tasks of nuclear deterrent forces would be [changed] and adapted , and the role for substrategic nuclear systems of the shortest range would be significantly reduced .

The issue of workers ' rights found expression in a Community Charter of the Fundamental Social Rights of Workers ( pp. 36668 ; 36985 ) which was resolutely opposed by the United Kingdom alone , but which received , in a modified form , the assent of all other heads of state at the Strasbourg summit on Dec. 8-9 , 1989 ( see pp. 37132-33 ) .
the issue of workers ' rights found expression in a community charter of the fundamental social rights of workers ( pp. 36668 ; 36985 ) which was resolutely opposed by the united kingdom alone , but which received , in a [changed] form , the assent of all other heads of state at the strasbourg summit on dec. 8-9 , 1989 ( see pp. 37132-33 ) .

The Whigs also modified their stance on episcopacy , for the basic reason that they managed to capture a number of key positions within the Church hierarchy .
the whigs also [changed] their stance on episcopacy , for the basic reason that they managed to capture a number of key positions within the church hierarchy .

Bills seeking to exclude various categories of placemen from Parliament were introduced on average once every session between 1692 and 1714 , and a general measure banning all placemen from the Commons found its way into the Act of Settlement of 1701 ( which laid down the conditions on which the Hanoverians would succeed to the throne ) , although this provision was subsequently modified before the Act came into effect .
bills seeking to exclude various categories of placemen from parliament were introduced on average once every session between 1692 and 1714 , and a general measure banning all placemen from the commons found its way into the act of settlement of 1701 ( which laid down the conditions on which the hanoverians would succeed to the throne ) , although this provision was subsequently [changed] before the act came into effect .

Certainly there were new developments after 1660 which created new sources of political tension and which fed into the emergence of party , whilst over time the parties modified and adapted their positions to cope with new problems , issues and contingencies .
certainly there were new developments after 1660 which created new sources of political tension and which fed into the emergence of party , whilst over time the parties [changed] and adapted their positions to cope with new problems , issues and contingencies .

The context of the partisan struggle was altered as a result of the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , which modified the relationship between the Crown and Parliament , created new issues for the government as England became involved in major European warfare , and transformed the relationship of the two parties towards the Court as the Whigs came to hold political power for the first time and the Tories discovered what it was like to be in opposition .
the context of the partisan struggle was altered as a result of the glorious revolution of 1688 , which [changed] the relationship between the crown and parliament , created new issues for the government as england became involved in major european warfare , and transformed the relationship of the two parties towards the court as the whigs came to hold political power for the first time and the tories discovered what it was like to be in opposition .

This conclusion needs to be modified in the light of the changes in local government .
this conclusion needs to be [changed] in the light of the changes in local government .

But the picture can be modified if we insert into it the concept of a primeval Natural Man , who lacks the corrupting appurtenances of modern civilization , and is , on that account , closer to Paradise than ourselves .
but the picture can be [changed] if we insert into it the concept of a primeval natural man , who lacks the corrupting appurtenances of modern civilization , and is , on that account , closer to paradise than ourselves .

This modified approach may only be employed where the client has agreed to the terms of and countersigned a corporate finance engagement letter issued to him by the firm .
this [changed] approach may only be employed where the client has agreed to the terms of and countersigned a corporate finance engagement letter issued to him by the firm .

If it becomes apparent that the scope of the work required by the terms of engagement will need to be modified , the client should be notified immediately , and agreement reached in the revised terms .
if it becomes apparent that the scope of the work required by the terms of engagement will need to be [changed] , the client should be notified immediately , and agreement reached in the revised terms .

If it becomes apparent that the scope of the work required by the terms of engagement will need to be modified , the client should be notified immediately , and agreement reached on the revised terms .
if it becomes apparent that the scope of the work required by the terms of engagement will need to be [changed] , the client should be notified immediately , and agreement reached on the revised terms .

Sensing that his victim was going to escape him , the Controller switched tactics . Swallowing his anger , although the effort nearly choked him , he modified his tone and manner to one of quiet reason and said , ‘ But Director , with respect , surely his total failure must be punished as an example to others ? … ’
sensing that his victim was going to escape him , the controller switched tactics . swallowing his anger , although the effort nearly choked him , he [changed] his tone and manner to one of quiet reason and said , ‘ but director , with respect , surely his total failure must be punished as an example to others ? … ’

In particular , the less prominent or important parts of words are modified : thus consonants , vowels , even whole syllables may be dropped if they lack prominence , and sounds may become more like other sounds in adjacent prominent syllables .
in particular , the less prominent or important parts of words are [changed] : thus consonants , vowels , even whole syllables may be dropped if they lack prominence , and sounds may become more like other sounds in adjacent prominent syllables .

This is then modified on exposure to a particular language , to produce the child 's grammar of that language .
this is then [changed] on exposure to a particular language , to produce the child 's grammar of that language .

It is often suggested in the literature that male migration aggravates environmental degradation as women 's coping strategies are modified to accommodate the fall in labour availability in rural households .
it is often suggested in the literature that male migration aggravates environmental degradation as women 's coping strategies are [changed] to accommodate the fall in labour availability in rural households .

Maybe a more urgent question is how households are reorganising their economic activities as old industrial structures are modified by long-term change .
maybe a more urgent question is how households are reorganising their economic activities as old industrial structures are [changed] by long-term change .

It is anticipated that the relationships between parents and their young sons and daughters will be modified according to changes in the balance of household contributions as the children move towards adult responsibilities .
it is anticipated that the relationships between parents and their young sons and daughters will be [changed] according to changes in the balance of household contributions as the children move towards adult responsibilities .

Some relate to the free-enterprise market nature of its economy which , superficially , resembles the state of affairs in Britain as described in Karl Marx 's Capital of 1867 — but modified here ( thanks to mass immigration from mainland China ) by , for instance , massive public housing investment .
some relate to the free-enterprise market nature of its economy which , superficially , resembles the state of affairs in britain as described in karl marx 's capital of 1867 — but [changed] here ( thanks to mass immigration from mainland china ) by , for instance , massive public housing investment .

Society itself is , notoriously , changing very rapidly , and the possibility has to be considered that we are entering a period where the notions and the realities of political coercion , of production of wealth , and of cognition and legitimation , may need to be modified if they are to be useable in our actual social environment .
society itself is , notoriously , changing very rapidly , and the possibility has to be considered that we are entering a period where the notions and the realities of political coercion , of production of wealth , and of cognition and legitimation , may need to be [changed] if they are to be useable in our actual social environment .

We should work towards the production of a style manual for general use in stationery , signs , displays and ephemeral publications , and use a modified form of the ‘ Sibbaldia ’ logo on official stationery , livery on protective clothing , official vehicles and in other appropriate places .
we should work towards the production of a style manual for general use in stationery , signs , displays and ephemeral publications , and use a [changed] form of the ‘ sibbaldia ’ logo on official stationery , livery on protective clothing , official vehicles and in other appropriate places .

Whether this is a true oral papillae or a modified tentacle scale is uncertain .
whether this is a true oral papillae or a [changed] tentacle scale is uncertain .

According to the considerably modified traditional `` account outlined above , Abdulkerim would , of course , have been Mufti both before and alter this break , from Fahreddin Acemi 's death until Molla Husrev 's return from Bursa to assume the office .
according to the considerably [changed] traditional `` account outlined above , abdulkerim would , of course , have been mufti both before and alter this break , from fahreddin acemi 's death until molla husrev 's return from bursa to assume the office .

The disastrous Lisbon earthquake of 1755 not only shook that city and the faith of the `` Age of Reason `` ( including Voltaire 's ever hopeful Candide ) , it also considerably modified the local sea-floor and its sediments .
the disastrous lisbon earthquake of 1755 not only shook that city and the faith of the `` age of reason `` ( including voltaire 's ever hopeful candide ) , it also considerably [changed] the local sea-floor and its sediments .

These five areas of concern indicated that an improved and modified manual personnel records system would be inadequate .
these five areas of concern indicated that an improved and [changed] manual personnel records system would be inadequate .

Even Einstein , when he formulated the general theory of relativity in 1915 , was so sure that the universe had to be static that he modified his theory to make this possible , introducing a so-called cosmological constant into his equations .
even einstein , when he formulated the general theory of relativity in 1915 , was so sure that the universe had to be static that he [changed] his theory to make this possible , introducing a so-called cosmological constant into his equations .

The usual aggressive tactics of the Army had to be somewhat modified . ``
the usual aggressive tactics of the army had to be somewhat [changed] . ``

The earliest phase , in the last quarter of the second century , saw the construction of earthwork defences , many of which were subsequently modified by the insertion of a stone wall on the same alignment .
the earliest phase , in the last quarter of the second century , saw the construction of earthwork defences , many of which were subsequently [changed] by the insertion of a stone wall on the same alignment .

To pinpoint single factors affecting inventories has proved difficult , although Kennedy ( 1986 ) notes that a modified stock-adjustment principle on the lines above helps explain changes in manufacturers ' inventories during much of the 1960s and 1970s .
to pinpoint single factors affecting inventories has proved difficult , although kennedy ( 1986 ) notes that a [changed] stock-adjustment principle on the lines above helps explain changes in manufacturers ' inventories during much of the 1960s and 1970s .

The pattern of five years ( the first two in detail and the next three in outline ) has subsequently been modified as circumstances have dictated .
the pattern of five years ( the first two in detail and the next three in outline ) has subsequently been [changed] as circumstances have dictated .

The order is in the opinion of the Secretary of State such as to give effect either to the Director 's proposals or to his proposal as modified by the Advisory Committee ; and
the order is in the opinion of the secretary of state such as to give effect either to the director 's proposals or to his proposal as [changed] by the advisory committee ; and

Books can be entered and modified as can contact details .
books can be entered and [changed] as can contact details .

In an attack on all computer book publishers ( including themselves ) , they see the scramble to publish books on every piece of newly released software as resulting in shelves full of regurgitated documentation — modified either for the novice or the power user and thus leaving the average user with intermediate skills out in the cold .
in an attack on all computer book publishers ( including themselves ) , they see the scramble to publish books on every piece of newly released software as resulting in shelves full of regurgitated documentation — [changed] either for the novice or the power user and thus leaving the average user with intermediate skills out in the cold .

Improv provides business an professional users with a unique set of capabilities for dynamic viewing and analysis , and , for building spreadsheets that can be easily reused , modified and shared over a long lifecycle .
improv provides business an professional users with a unique set of capabilities for dynamic viewing and analysis , and , for building spreadsheets that can be easily reused , [changed] and shared over a long lifecycle .

They found that Confluence is a language-cum-posture , and that meanings of words can be radically modified or altered entirely by the stance assumed by the speaker .
they found that confluence is a language-cum-posture , and that meanings of words can be radically [changed] or altered entirely by the stance assumed by the speaker .

Experimentally this is difficult to measure , and an extrapolation procedure has been devised which makes use of a modified form of equation ( 9.28 ) for large particles ,
experimentally this is difficult to measure , and an extrapolation procedure has been devised which makes use of a [changed] form of equation ( 9.28 ) for large particles ,

In general this angle is θ for a homoatomic chain and equation ( 10.4 ) can be modified to allow for these short range interactions .
in general this angle is θ for a homoatomic chain and equation ( 10.4 ) can be [changed] to allow for these short range interactions .

This means that equation ( 10.5 ) has to be modified further and now becomes where is the average cosine of the angle of rotation of the bonds in the backbone chain .
this means that equation ( 10.5 ) has to be [changed] further and now becomes where is the average cosine of the angle of rotation of the bonds in the backbone chain .

As independent chain mobility can not be discounted for these longer chains after the onset of entanglement , a modified model is required to account for the ability of long chains to translate and diffuse through the polymer matrix , i.e .
as independent chain mobility can not be discounted for these longer chains after the onset of entanglement , a [changed] model is required to account for the ability of long chains to translate and diffuse through the polymer matrix , i.e .

These equations are strictly applicable only to dilute solutions of non-draining monodisperse coils , but can be extended to undiluted polymers above their glass temperature if suitably modified .
these equations are strictly applicable only to dilute solutions of non-draining monodisperse coils , but can be extended to undiluted polymers above their glass temperature if suitably [changed] .

Alan uses a Yamaha 250cc Trials Bike which he has modified himself .
alan uses a yamaha 250cc trials bike which he has [changed] himself .

Various parameters of the mathematical model , which represents the relationships between system components , are modified until real-world and simulation model behaviour agree as closely as possible .
various parameters of the mathematical model , which represents the relationships between system components , are [changed] until real-world and simulation model behaviour agree as closely as possible .

Fig. 5.8 Part of a B-tree ( modified from Knuth , 1973a and Date , 1990 )
fig. 5.8 part of a b-tree ( [changed] from knuth , 1973a and date , 1990 )

Participation and prototyping could be used independently in some applications and in others it may be appropriate to use the conventional approach modified by incorporating these tools and techniques .
participation and prototyping could be used independently in some applications and in others it may be appropriate to use the conventional approach [changed] by incorporating these tools and techniques .

’ She took off her shoe and put it on the table and modified it with her two index fingers .
’ she took off her shoe and put it on the table and [changed] it with her two index fingers .

Others were cosmeticized in a strange way , with banked eye-sockets , raised cheekbones , altered brows , modified noses .
others were cosmeticized in a strange way , with banked eye-sockets , raised cheekbones , altered brows , [changed] noses .

The respiratory system had been modified , so that air could be breathed in through the nose , as customary , but out through apertures behind the ears .
the respiratory system had been [changed] , so that air could be breathed in through the nose , as customary , but out through apertures behind the ears .

‘ go away ’ is often pronounced as ‘ go way ’ ) and assimilation ( adjacent sounds are modified to sound more like each other , e.g .
‘ go away ’ is often pronounced as ‘ go way ’ ) and assimilation ( adjacent sounds are [changed] to sound more like each other , e.g .

Examples of this approach are provided by Srihari and Bozinovic ( 1982 ) and Ullmann ( 1977 ) who developed a probabilistic model of the substitution , deletion and insertion errors that were likely to occur which modified the output from the shape recognition module .
examples of this approach are provided by srihari and bozinovic ( 1982 ) and ullmann ( 1977 ) who developed a probabilistic model of the substitution , deletion and insertion errors that were likely to occur which [changed] the output from the shape recognition module .

The Marshall formulae , ( 1.3 ) and ( 2.3 ) , are modified by taking into account the relative grammatical frequencies of the words involved in each specific transition .
the marshall formulae , ( 1.3 ) and ( 2.3 ) , are [changed] by taking into account the relative grammatical frequencies of the words involved in each specific transition .

Human beings turned out to be more intelligent than dandelions and modified their behaviour to match the new circumstances .
human beings turned out to be more intelligent than dandelions and [changed] their behaviour to match the new circumstances .

However it may be modified , the common agricultural policy will be the biggest single influence on farming practices in Europe .
however it may be [changed] , the common agricultural policy will be the biggest single influence on farming practices in europe .

We have modified some of our proposals in the light of the views we have received .
we have [changed] some of our proposals in the light of the views we have received .

class teacher interviews , using a modified interview schedule developed during the second project ( 1986 ) .
class teacher interviews , using a [changed] interview schedule developed during the second project ( 1986 ) .

Existing gullies can be modified by fitting a wire mesh over them with a hole cut to take the waste pipe .
existing gullies can be [changed] by fitting a wire mesh over them with a hole cut to take the waste pipe .

It is fruitless trying to revise subjects already represented in a scheme unless a notation can be appended to accommodate any new or modified subjects .
it is fruitless trying to revise subjects already represented in a scheme unless a notation can be appended to accommodate any new or [changed] subjects .

For example , medicine ran to 80 pages , whereas the schedule for chemical technology had hardly been modified since the second edition .
for example , medicine ran to 80 pages , whereas the schedule for chemical technology had hardly been [changed] since the second edition .

The more structured the source of words , the more likely it is that the terms in the source will already be in a standard form ready for lifting wholesale and little modified into a thesaurus .
the more structured the source of words , the more likely it is that the terms in the source will already be in a standard form ready for lifting wholesale and little [changed] into a thesaurus .

Thus although it is possible to establish a stoplist covering a number of standard terms not suitable for indexing , this normally needs to be modified to reflect the circumstances of each system .
thus although it is possible to establish a stoplist covering a number of standard terms not suitable for indexing , this normally needs to be [changed] to reflect the circumstances of each system .

The class struggle , it may be argued , has been moderated by the incorporation of the working class into a modified and reformed capitalism through the extension of political , social and economic rights , and the elaboration of a complex structure of contestation , bargaining and compromise within the existing form of society .
the class struggle , it may be argued , has been moderated by the incorporation of the working class into a [changed] and reformed capitalism through the extension of political , social and economic rights , and the elaboration of a complex structure of contestation , bargaining and compromise within the existing form of society .

To speak of these ‘ new styles ’ of politics is not , of course , to say that political struggles between classes have ceased , but only that they may now be modified by other kinds of political action and be less predominant in political life as a whole ; or to argue that the nature , aims and strategies of the principal classes have changed substantially , as Mallet and Touraine have suggested .
to speak of these ‘ new styles ’ of politics is not , of course , to say that political struggles between classes have ceased , but only that they may now be [changed] by other kinds of political action and be less predominant in political life as a whole ; or to argue that the nature , aims and strategies of the principal classes have changed substantially , as mallet and touraine have suggested .

The effect of the wage differential may be seen from the general equilibrium equations set out in Lecture 6 , modified for the possibility that . The full employment conditions are ( where c ij denotes the input of factor i into industry j ) :
the effect of the wage differential may be seen from the general equilibrium equations set out in lecture 6 , [changed] for the possibility that . the full employment conditions are ( where c ij denotes the input of factor i into industry j ) :

This might well be modified if we made alternative , and possibly more realistic , assumptions .
this might well be [changed] if we made alternative , and possibly more realistic , assumptions .

If we write g x for the proportional growth rate of variable x , and let we have ( using ( 8–4 ' ) ) and if we let denote output per capita , ( this needs to be modified where there is technical progress — see below ) .
if we write g x for the proportional growth rate of variable x , and let we have ( using ( 8–4 ' ) ) and if we let denote output per capita , ( this needs to be [changed] where there is technical progress — see below ) .

Where the model is extended , these results need to be modified .
where the model is extended , these results need to be [changed] .

The earlier Lectures have shown how the conclusions need to be modified to allow for market distortions , imperfect competition , unemployment , the accumulation of capital over time , etc .
the earlier lectures have shown how the conclusions need to be [changed] to allow for market distortions , imperfect competition , unemployment , the accumulation of capital over time , etc .

On these grounds , Acts of Parliament which inadvertently contradict elements of Community law are modified so as to comply with the European Communities Act .
on these grounds , acts of parliament which inadvertently contradict elements of community law are [changed] so as to comply with the european communities act .

It was obvious to me my projected work on Italy would have to be either abandoned or drastically modified .
it was obvious to me my projected work on italy would have to be either abandoned or drastically [changed] .

The utility that would have been obtained with certainty prior to the union setting its monopoly wage rate must now be modified to take into account the uncertainty that is introduced with the unemployment probability .
the utility that would have been obtained with certainty prior to the union setting its monopoly wage rate must now be [changed] to take into account the uncertainty that is introduced with the unemployment probability .

Recognition of detrital grain morphology ( form , sphericity , roundness and , in some cases , surface textures ) in thin section is only possible where grain surfaces have not been modified during diagenesis .
recognition of detrital grain morphology ( form , sphericity , roundness and , in some cases , surface textures ) in thin section is only possible where grain surfaces have not been [changed] during diagenesis .

Sandstone sequences are the result of both provenance and tectonic environment , modified by climate , depositional environment and later diagenetic events .
sandstone sequences are the result of both provenance and tectonic environment , [changed] by climate , depositional environment and later diagenetic events .

Only if the alteration product is otherwise modified is it possible to fit the alteration precisely into the diagenetic history of the sediment .
only if the alteration product is otherwise [changed] is it possible to fit the alteration precisely into the diagenetic history of the sediment .

( These various powers and responsibilities were modified in the 1973 and 1975 Education Acts . )
( these various powers and responsibilities were [changed] in the 1973 and 1975 education acts . )

Different types of special school frequently cater for all levels of special curriculum need — ‘ developmental ’ , ‘ modified ’ and ‘ mainstream plus support ’ ( see Chapter 13 ) — but in different proportions .
different types of special school frequently cater for all levels of special curriculum need — ‘ developmental ’ , ‘ [changed] ’ and ‘ mainstream plus support ’ ( see chapter 13 ) — but in different proportions .

In others forces of this kind were unimportant or non-existent : in these the defence of the State rested as a rule upon armies raised largely by some modified and limited form of conscription .
in others forces of this kind were unimportant or non-existent : in these the defence of the state rested as a rule upon armies raised largely by some [changed] and limited form of conscription .

Therefore eqn ( 10.1a ) needs to be modified in the presence of such waves , even though space–time is empty : where is the stress-energy tensor carried by the waves .
therefore eqn ( 10.1a ) needs to be [changed] in the presence of such waves , even though space–time is empty : where is the stress-energy tensor carried by the waves .

In the article on Jakobson this position was somewhat modified ; Riffaterre proposed taking as his informants not average readers but the so-called ‘ Superreader ’ , a figure representing the sum of reactions to the language of a text manifested in the published work of its interpreters , translators and so on .
in the article on jakobson this position was somewhat [changed] ; riffaterre proposed taking as his informants not average readers but the so-called ‘ superreader ’ , a figure representing the sum of reactions to the language of a text manifested in the published work of its interpreters , translators and so on .

Some examples of checklists designed for this purpose , including a modified version of the ‘ Checklist for Analysing Children 's Literature ’ , are shown in appendix 7 .
some examples of checklists designed for this purpose , including a [changed] version of the ‘ checklist for analysing children 's literature ’ , are shown in appendix 7 .

In such associations , each partner is inevitably modified ; colours may be intensified or assimilated ; commonalities may be enhanced in ways that enable perceptual abstractions to be made without relinquishing any of the context from which the singled out entities draw life .
in such associations , each partner is inevitably [changed] ; colours may be intensified or assimilated ; commonalities may be enhanced in ways that enable perceptual abstractions to be made without relinquishing any of the context from which the singled out entities draw life .

If enriched or positively modified then the final phase of ‘ fusion ’ ensues .
if enriched or positively [changed] then the final phase of ‘ fusion ’ ensues .

The original Georgian door had been modified with an Edwardian glass porch .
the original georgian door had been [changed] with an edwardian glass porch .

To move quickly into the management of new policies in a school carries the advantage that an innovation can be explained to others , defended or modified by the decision only of the initiator himself .
to move quickly into the management of new policies in a school carries the advantage that an innovation can be explained to others , defended or [changed] by the decision only of the initiator himself .

The key features of the modules are the Outcomes and Performance Criteria and in the design of programmes in the Content/Context and Suggested Learning/Teaching Approaches can be modified to meet the particular needs of the students .
the key features of the modules are the outcomes and performance criteria and in the design of programmes in the content/context and suggested learning/teaching approaches can be [changed] to meet the particular needs of the students .

making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .
making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or [changed] work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .

Others , such as skills and attitude are able to be modified or enhanced .
others , such as skills and attitude are able to be [changed] or enhanced .

The implication for memory research of the above research on road sign detection appears to be that even when objects have been initially detected by a driver and the driver 's behaviour has been appropriately modified by their presence , the driver may not be able to describe the object even very shortly afterwards .
the implication for memory research of the above research on road sign detection appears to be that even when objects have been initially detected by a driver and the driver 's behaviour has been appropriately [changed] by their presence , the driver may not be able to describe the object even very shortly afterwards .

( 22 ) Margaret is a rather meteorological expert they bought some extremely clerical collars This effect is seen very clearly in the cases where the same word can be used in each of the different ways ; thus the adjective musical can perfectly well be modified for intensity when it is used ascriptively : ( 23 ) even as a child Naomi had a very musical voice but when it is associative , the result is again unacceptable : ( 24 ) we 've found a legal text and a very musical treatise 2.6 It is not necessary to be a linguist to feel that there is a difference in the two ways of using attributives .
( 22 ) margaret is a rather meteorological expert they bought some extremely clerical collars this effect is seen very clearly in the cases where the same word can be used in each of the different ways ; thus the adjective musical can perfectly well be [changed] for intensity when it is used ascriptively : ( 23 ) even as a child naomi had a very musical voice but when it is associative , the result is again unacceptable : ( 24 ) we 've found a legal text and a very musical treatise 2.6 it is not necessary to be a linguist to feel that there is a difference in the two ways of using attributives .

Fourth , we may point out that quite often the potential reference of the noun as modified by the adjective will not be the same in the predicate qualifying construction as it would be under the attributive version .
fourth , we may point out that quite often the potential reference of the noun as [changed] by the adjective will not be the same in the predicate qualifying construction as it would be under the attributive version .

Second , if we accept that such adjectives , unlike predicate qualifiers , are genuinely equivalent to a modified clause in conjunction with the noun phrase which they follow , then it is entirely predictable that this construction will demand , as the preceding main verb , one which customarily supports a predication expressed in an explicit subordinate clause ; this will not , however , be demanded of the verb preceding a predicate qualifier .
second , if we accept that such adjectives , unlike predicate qualifiers , are genuinely equivalent to a [changed] clause in conjunction with the noun phrase which they follow , then it is entirely predictable that this construction will demand , as the preceding main verb , one which customarily supports a predication expressed in an explicit subordinate clause ; this will not , however , be demanded of the verb preceding a predicate qualifier .

With the explanatory survey and the refinement of variable analysis as a way of thinking about social research , the interview and the questionnaire have become most important instruments in achieving the dream of a quantitative social science : it is this which has also modified the character and the rationale of interviewing and questionnaire design .
with the explanatory survey and the refinement of variable analysis as a way of thinking about social research , the interview and the questionnaire have become most important instruments in achieving the dream of a quantitative social science : it is this which has also [changed] the character and the rationale of interviewing and questionnaire design .

The replacement of Hungarian-speaking prefects by Romanian-speakers in two mainly Hungarian-speaking counties , reported on July 21 , provoked protests from the Hungarian community and the decision was subsequently modified .
the replacement of hungarian-speaking prefects by romanian-speakers in two mainly hungarian-speaking counties , reported on july 21 , provoked protests from the hungarian community and the decision was subsequently [changed] .

On Aug. 14 the government modified budget allocations to give greater priority to improving living standards in the poorest regions and on Aug. 19 issued guidelines to curb " unnecessary spending " .
on aug. 14 the government [changed] budget allocations to give greater priority to improving living standards in the poorest regions and on aug. 19 issued guidelines to curb " unnecessary spending " .

Approval of modified compensation law
approval of [changed] compensation law

On June 26 the National Assembly approved by a substantial majority a modified bill to compensate former owners of land and property expropriated by the communist regime .
on june 26 the national assembly approved by a substantial majority a [changed] bill to compensate former owners of land and property expropriated by the communist regime .

The voting system , based on modified proportional representation , was complex , having been established only in June [ see p. 38305 ] after prolonged disagreements between President Lech Walesa and the outgoing parliament .
the voting system , based on [changed] proportional representation , was complex , having been established only in june [ see p. 38305 ] after prolonged disagreements between president lech walesa and the outgoing parliament .

As part of Fujimori 's attempt to crack down on Sendero Luminoso , prison terms for guerrilla offences were increased on May 5 , and the penal code was significantly modified , eliminating a clause dealing specifically with `` disappearances `` .
as part of fujimori 's attempt to crack down on sendero luminoso , prison terms for guerrilla offences were increased on may 5 , and the penal code was significantly [changed] , eliminating a clause dealing specifically with `` disappearances `` .

On Nov. 4 Radio Pakistan reported that the modified and improved Pakistan Atomic Research Reactor became operational on Oct. 31 .
on nov. 4 radio pakistan reported that the [changed] and improved pakistan atomic research reactor became operational on oct. 31 .

Conservative Party rules , first drawn up in 1965 but partially modified in 1974-75 [ see pp .
conservative party rules , first drawn up in 1965 but partially [changed] in 1974-75 [ see pp .

On Oct. 3 the Information and Culture Minister Hamid Yusuf Hammadi condemned the resolution as `` a modified form of bank robbery , Texas style `` .
on oct. 3 the information and culture minister hamid yusuf hammadi condemned the resolution as `` a [changed] form of bank robbery , texas style `` .

On April 23 Lang , newly responsible for education , dropped or modified controversial university reform proposals introduced by his predecessor Jospin [ see p. 38471 ] .
on april 23 lang , newly responsible for education , dropped or [changed] controversial university reform proposals introduced by his predecessor jospin [ see p. 38471 ] .

The case study illustrates that the implications of demographic trends can be modified by unforeseen economic events but they can also be successfully addressed by policy planning .
the case study illustrates that the implications of demographic trends can be [changed] by unforeseen economic events but they can also be successfully addressed by policy planning .

Primary sources also include the material evidence , the artefacts , buildings and structures that were created , modified and used by those people in the past .
primary sources also include the material evidence , the artefacts , buildings and structures that were created , [changed] and used by those people in the past .

You just need something to start you off that can then be modified as you go along .
you just need something to start you off that can then be [changed] as you go along .

As each lift was modified , work was commenced on the next lift , so that two lifts were available for full service to the hotel at any time .
as each lift was [changed] , work was commenced on the next lift , so that two lifts were available for full service to the hotel at any time .

Modified , redeveloped or even vastly improved are usually more appropriate adjectives when it comes to describing catering equipment , and microwave combination ovens are no exception .
[changed] , redeveloped or even vastly improved are usually more appropriate adjectives when it comes to describing catering equipment , and microwave combination ovens are no exception .

The spelling , even modified to show some of the most striking features of Susan 's speech , does little to convey its true flavour .
the spelling , even [changed] to show some of the most striking features of susan 's speech , does little to convey its true flavour .

There is an obvious parallel with `` decreolisation `` , where a `` non-standard `` variety is modified to become closer to the standard .
there is an obvious parallel with `` decreolisation `` , where a `` non-standard `` variety is [changed] to become closer to the standard .

Lord Oliver took up and modified Lord Reid 's test .
lord oliver took up and [changed] lord reid 's test .

The majority of the House ( Lord Scarman dissenting ) was prepared to accept a modified version of the Bolam test for the giving of information .
the majority of the house ( lord scarman dissenting ) was prepared to accept a [changed] version of the bolam test for the giving of information .

Indeed , Bethurum Loomis argued that Wulfstan 's disillusion with Æthelred , and perhaps with Cnut too , can be traced in his work , stressing that he modified his views on royal sanctity , seems not to have wished to rely on the king 's ability to keep public order , and eventually stated that bishops should direct all affairs , both lay and ecclesiastical .
indeed , bethurum loomis argued that wulfstan 's disillusion with æthelred , and perhaps with cnut too , can be traced in his work , stressing that he [changed] his views on royal sanctity , seems not to have wished to rely on the king 's ability to keep public order , and eventually stated that bishops should direct all affairs , both lay and ecclesiastical .

With Churchill 's prodding , the British Chiefs-of-Staff had agreed to participate in the operation , albeit in modified form , and on 31 August an Anglo-Free French expedition set out from Liverpool .
with churchill 's prodding , the british chiefs-of-staff had agreed to participate in the operation , albeit in [changed] form , and on 31 august an anglo-free french expedition set out from liverpool .

On four occasions ( 27 August , 19 September , 29 September , and 9 October ) he publicly declared his opposition to the second assembly 's draft , which he characterized as a barely modified version of the first .
on four occasions ( 27 august , 19 september , 29 september , and 9 october ) he publicly declared his opposition to the second assembly 's draft , which he characterized as a barely [changed] version of the first .

It is suggestive that his initial conception of the French Community ( which he subsequently modified to meet the objections of black African leaders ) would have denied African nations the option of independence .
it is suggestive that his initial conception of the french community ( which he subsequently [changed] to meet the objections of black african leaders ) would have denied african nations the option of independence .

He personally oversaw and , if necessary , modified the agenda for meetings .
he personally oversaw and , if necessary , [changed] the agenda for meetings .

This evidence shows that not only does the identity of a particular unit constrain what follows that unit , it in turn is modified by subsequent higher-level information .
this evidence shows that not only does the identity of a particular unit constrain what follows that unit , it in turn is [changed] by subsequent higher-level information .

The fact that the active edge in the Rule above is not modified means that , in principle , all interpretations will be found regardless of the order in which operations are carried out .
the fact that the active edge in the rule above is not [changed] means that , in principle , all interpretations will be found regardless of the order in which operations are carried out .

This modified strategy was run over the same sets of mid , mixed and phonemic utterances reported in the previous section .
this [changed] strategy was run over the same sets of mid , mixed and phonemic utterances reported in the previous section .

The algorithm was modified to allow forward pruning .
the algorithm was [changed] to allow forward pruning .

This modified algorithm is known as beam search .
this [changed] algorithm is known as beam search .

Software , as it is written and developed , can be deposited with an independent person ( for example , a bank manager or solicitor or the Stationers ' Company ) who can verify important dates such as when the software was first written and when it was modified .
software , as it is written and developed , can be deposited with an independent person ( for example , a bank manager or solicitor or the stationers ' company ) who can verify important dates such as when the software was first written and when it was [changed] .

This is unfortunate as these implied terms are a very useful weapon for the buyer and , in the case of consumer sales , the implied terms can not be excluded or modified at all .
this is unfortunate as these implied terms are a very useful weapon for the buyer and , in the case of consumer sales , the implied terms can not be excluded or [changed] at all .

In non-consumer sales the implicated terms can only be so excluded or modified if the terms purporting to do this are reasonable in accordance with the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 sections 5 to 7 .
in non-consumer sales the implicated terms can only be so excluded or [changed] if the terms purporting to do this are reasonable in accordance with the unfair contract terms act 1977 sections 5 to 7 .

This article is a modified version of a paper originally presented to a conference on ‘ Providing for the Learning Needs of Non-Traditional Students in Higher Education ’ at the Polytechnic of North London on 1st December 1984 .
this article is a [changed] version of a paper originally presented to a conference on ‘ providing for the learning needs of non-traditional students in higher education ’ at the polytechnic of north london on 1st december 1984 .

The `` political `` dramas of the Greeks are seen as , and become the authority for , dramas of psychological conflict ; and this innovation , which is not always fully conscious , is hardly modified in Schiller 's attempts in his last plays to reestablish supra-individual objectivity by the use of the ancient chorus .
the `` political `` dramas of the greeks are seen as , and become the authority for , dramas of psychological conflict ; and this innovation , which is not always fully conscious , is hardly [changed] in schiller 's attempts in his last plays to reestablish supra-individual objectivity by the use of the ancient chorus .

Hölderlin , then , has significantly modified Winckelmann 's notion of a homogeneous `` Greek spirit `` : the harmony is the product of opposing forces .
hölderlin , then , has significantly [changed] winckelmann 's notion of a homogeneous `` greek spirit `` : the harmony is the product of opposing forces .

It was derived in the first place from Goethe and Goethe 's Hellenist contemporaries ; and it was modified only by the conviction that the ailments which artists and thinkers of that period had identified in the Germany of their day were now more virulent than ever , while an additional threat was posed by the new diseases of mediocrity and the cult of `` progress `` ( often associated with politicking and liberalism ) , from which the age of Goethe had been relatively free .
it was derived in the first place from goethe and goethe 's hellenist contemporaries ; and it was [changed] only by the conviction that the ailments which artists and thinkers of that period had identified in the germany of their day were now more virulent than ever , while an additional threat was posed by the new diseases of mediocrity and the cult of `` progress `` ( often associated with politicking and liberalism ) , from which the age of goethe had been relatively free .

Some were simply modified versions of `` Tragedy and the Freethinkers `` .
some were simply [changed] versions of `` tragedy and the freethinkers `` .

The numerous fissures there , which came to be known as the Back Strings , represent these early excavations upon the vein outcrops , though they have been modified and deepened over the years .
the numerous fissures there , which came to be known as the back strings , represent these early excavations upon the vein outcrops , though they have been [changed] and deepened over the years .

It has been mentioned earlier however , that with gunpowder , Roe modified the old 17th century hand chiselled level which became known as Cobbler 's Level .
it has been mentioned earlier however , that with gunpowder , roe [changed] the old 17th century hand chiselled level which became known as cobbler 's level .

These are a complexity of outcropping veins on which 17th Century miners worked but in places they have been modified by subsequent operators .
these are a complexity of outcropping veins on which 17th century miners worked but in places they have been [changed] by subsequent operators .

However , depending on the mothers ' age at birth of the infant , the rate of decrease was not uniform and , as a consequence , the shape of the curves representing the relationship between infant mortality and maternal age has been somewhat modified .
however , depending on the mothers ' age at birth of the infant , the rate of decrease was not uniform and , as a consequence , the shape of the curves representing the relationship between infant mortality and maternal age has been somewhat [changed] .

The effects of reproductive patterns upon maternal and child health and on their general well-being are modified by a number of social and other factors , among which are the mother 's education , father 's education , occupation and income , and mother 's residence as to rural or urban place , but the mother 's education is by far the most powerful .
the effects of reproductive patterns upon maternal and child health and on their general well-being are [changed] by a number of social and other factors , among which are the mother 's education , father 's education , occupation and income , and mother 's residence as to rural or urban place , but the mother 's education is by far the most powerful .

If you encounter such words , practise them systematically by a ) tapping the rhythm , b ) mimicking the last few syllables and then gradually building up to the beginning of the word , c ) putting the long word in different position on a series of sentences and practising them , like in following example : Word stress is often modified when the word occurs in a sentence .
if you encounter such words , practise them systematically by a ) tapping the rhythm , b ) mimicking the last few syllables and then gradually building up to the beginning of the word , c ) putting the long word in different position on a series of sentences and practising them , like in following example : word stress is often [changed] when the word occurs in a sentence .

The first such charts should be done early — at the end of the first day even , and then added to and/or modified day by day as more data is obtained .
the first such charts should be done early — at the end of the first day even , and then added to and/or [changed] day by day as more data is obtained .

The other reason for looking for an approximate solution is that once it has been found such an approximate solution can then be worked upon and modified to give a much better solution .
the other reason for looking for an approximate solution is that once it has been found such an approximate solution can then be worked upon and [changed] to give a much better solution .

Let us first recall the classical continuum definitions of stress and then consider in what ways these need to be modified to have meaning at the molecular level .
let us first recall the classical continuum definitions of stress and then consider in what ways these need to be [changed] to have meaning at the molecular level .

Recent work on adhesion has shown that these classical formulae need to be modified to take into account molecular attraction , which increases the area of contact .
recent work on adhesion has shown that these classical formulae need to be [changed] to take into account molecular attraction , which increases the area of contact .

Point mutations in the first two base pairs of K-ras codon 12 were sought by a method previously described , and modified from the non-radioactive restriction enzyme technique of Jiang et al .
point mutations in the first two base pairs of k-ras codon 12 were sought by a method previously described , and [changed] from the non-radioactive restriction enzyme technique of jiang et al .

The volume density ( % ) of atypical acinar cell foci was determined blindly with a modified point counting method , using amagnification of ×400 and 25 µm between the points .
the volume density ( % ) of atypical acinar cell foci was determined blindly with a [changed] point counting method , using amagnification of ×400 and 25 µm between the points .

After an overnight fast ( minimum 10 hours ) two 20 ml aliquots of end expiratory breath samples were obtained using a modified Haldane-Priestly tube .
after an overnight fast ( minimum 10 hours ) two 20 ml aliquots of end expiratory breath samples were obtained using a [changed] haldane-priestly tube .

Dietary far absorption was assessed by measuring the fat content in a day day collection of faeces , using a standard method modified for extraction of fatty acids into chloroform .
dietary far absorption was assessed by measuring the fat content in a day day collection of faeces , using a standard method [changed] for extraction of fatty acids into chloroform .

For example , although radium has now been replaced by safer isotopes such as cesium and cobalt , this has also entailed new or modified applicators , altered dose rates , and changes in the number of treatments .
for example , although radium has now been replaced by safer isotopes such as cesium and cobalt , this has also entailed new or [changed] applicators , altered dose rates , and changes in the number of treatments .

These were immediately placed in modified Waymouth 's medium .
these were immediately placed in [changed] waymouth 's medium .

Formalin fixed , paraffin embedded tumour tissue was prepared and stained for flow cytometric analysis according to the slightly modified procedure described by Hedley et al .
formalin fixed , paraffin embedded tumour tissue was prepared and stained for flow cytometric analysis according to the slightly [changed] procedure described by hedley et al .

Dysphagia among our patients was similar to figures stated after similarly modified fundoplication .
dysphagia among our patients was similar to figures stated after similarly [changed] fundoplication .

Biopsy specimens were examined with haematoxylin and eosin and modified Giemsa stains by a single histopathologist who was unaware of the age , acid secretion , or urease test results of each subject .
biopsy specimens were examined with haematoxylin and eosin and [changed] giemsa stains by a single histopathologist who was unaware of the age , acid secretion , or urease test results of each subject .

These and other variations in phospholipid molecular species shifted cholesterol among its carriers and also modified the nucleation time of model biles .
these and other variations in phospholipid molecular species shifted cholesterol among its carriers and also [changed] the nucleation time of model biles .

The patients were classified according to the severity of liver disease using the modified Child's-Pugh score into two groups : mild disease with a Child-Pugh score of < 8 ( n=12 ) and severe disease with a score of > 8 ( n=13 ) .
the patients were classified according to the severity of liver disease using the [changed] child's-pugh score into two groups : mild disease with a child-pugh score of < 8 ( n=12 ) and severe disease with a score of > 8 ( n=13 ) .

( 8.3 ) will be modified as follows , .
( 8.3 ) will be [changed] as follows , .

This base-line figure is then modified in the light of the analyst 's detailed research to give growth forecasts over the next two years , say , g 1 and g 2 .
this base-line figure is then [changed] in the light of the analyst 's detailed research to give growth forecasts over the next two years , say , g 1 and g 2 .

The drawing number alone can tell one what size it is , where to find it , what product or process it describes , in how much detail , whether it is on micro-fiche , how many times it has been modified .
the drawing number alone can tell one what size it is , where to find it , what product or process it describes , in how much detail , whether it is on micro-fiche , how many times it has been [changed] .

Like a lot of Lord Beaverbrook 's phrases , that was probably more colourful than accurate — but if such a frontier ever existed then the imperatives of current affairs television have certainly modified and adjusted it .
like a lot of lord beaverbrook 's phrases , that was probably more colourful than accurate — but if such a frontier ever existed then the imperatives of current affairs television have certainly [changed] and adjusted it .

The structure of the skull , jaws , and gills of vertebrates has been interpreted , after a long and sophisticated study , as a filter-feeding device modified to take larger prey , fused to a bony box protecting the brain .
the structure of the skull , jaws , and gills of vertebrates has been interpreted , after a long and sophisticated study , as a filter-feeding device [changed] to take larger prey , fused to a bony box protecting the brain .

Our teeth are modified scales , our ear ossicles modified jaw-bones , our arms modified fins , mammae are modified sweat glands , and so on .
our teeth are [changed] scales , our ear ossicles [changed] jaw-bones , our arms [changed] fins , mammae are [changed] sweat glands , and so on .

For example , the pincers of crabs and lobsters are modified walking legs .
for example , the pincers of crabs and lobsters are [changed] walking legs .

Much of animal behaviour , however , is modified and moulded by experience .
much of animal behaviour , however , is [changed] and moulded by experience .

Many of the same suggestions for traps appeared in all the books , modified only by terrain .
many of the same suggestions for traps appeared in all the books , [changed] only by terrain .

The horse 's behaviour may be modified by trying to get it to have confidence in us and to like us ; and by keeping our own aggression under control , so that we do n't arouse the horse 's aggressive instinct .
the horse 's behaviour may be [changed] by trying to get it to have confidence in us and to like us ; and by keeping our own aggression under control , so that we do n't arouse the horse 's aggressive instinct .

( During the third century they were celebrating Easter and Pentecost , which were inherited and then modified from Judaism and so dependent on a lunar year .
( during the third century they were celebrating easter and pentecost , which were inherited and then [changed] from judaism and so dependent on a lunar year .

But they did not maintain an image ; or at least , not until an outsider pressed them , assembled one from what he thought were the parts , tried it out on them and modified it to accommodate their comments and additional information .
but they did not maintain an image ; or at least , not until an outsider pressed them , assembled one from what he thought were the parts , tried it out on them and [changed] it to accommodate their comments and additional information .

Partly as a result of these consultations Libya modified the tone of the polemic with Egypt , and withdrew proposed measures against Egyptians working in Libya .
partly as a result of these consultations libya [changed] the tone of the polemic with egypt , and withdrew proposed measures against egyptians working in libya .

The theory has been somewhat modified to fit subsequent experimental evidence , and some of the details are still debated , but its general thrust is widely accepted .
the theory has been somewhat [changed] to fit subsequent experimental evidence , and some of the details are still debated , but its general thrust is widely accepted .

Experiments with modified nets had no significant effect on the rates of entanglement .
experiments with [changed] nets had no significant effect on the rates of entanglement .

Towards a brave new modified climate
towards a brave new [changed] climate

His thinking , with its faith in science and brave new worlds , is very old-style ‘ Soviet ’ , at its core a belief that climate can be modified beneficially on the grand scale .
his thinking , with its faith in science and brave new worlds , is very old-style ‘ soviet ’ , at its core a belief that climate can be [changed] beneficially on the grand scale .

But , despite the attractions of mobility , attitudes can be changed , or at least modified .
but , despite the attractions of mobility , attitudes can be changed , or at least [changed] .

Patten believes that people have to recognize that environmental quality is not a cost-free option and that the way in which energy and transport policies will have to be modified to take account of environmental factors will become an important subject of public debate .
patten believes that people have to recognize that environmental quality is not a cost-free option and that the way in which energy and transport policies will have to be [changed] to take account of environmental factors will become an important subject of public debate .

On April 10th the Scottish secretary , Ian Lang , returned to London believing he could sell a modified property tax to his suspicious party .
on april 10th the scottish secretary , ian lang , returned to london believing he could sell a [changed] property tax to his suspicious party .

In The Independent , Justine Picardie took Faludi to task for skating over the reasons why older feminists like Germaine Greer and Betty Friedan had modified the radicalism of their youth in the light of experience .
in the independent , justine picardie took faludi to task for skating over the reasons why older feminists like germaine greer and betty friedan had [changed] the radicalism of their youth in the light of experience .

Most extraordinary of these are the Cretaceous rudists ( p. 47 ) a group in which one valve became modified to a long cone , on which the other valve rested like a lid , the whole effect being most un-clammish .
most extraordinary of these are the cretaceous rudists ( p. 47 ) a group in which one valve became [changed] to a long cone , on which the other valve rested like a lid , the whole effect being most un-clammish .

The gastropods are molluscs with a single , usually helically-coiled shell , with the foot modified into an efficient creeping organ with a head usually with eyes and tentacles , and with a rasp like feeding organ ( radula ) composed of a series of pointed teeth .
the gastropods are molluscs with a single , usually helically-coiled shell , with the foot [changed] into an efficient creeping organ with a head usually with eyes and tentacles , and with a rasp like feeding organ ( radula ) composed of a series of pointed teeth .

There are a large number of living species that are predators , some species using the modified radula as a kind of poison dart , others employing it to bore neat , perfectly round holes through the shells of prey ( often bivalves ) in order to get at the nutritious interior .
there are a large number of living species that are predators , some species using the [changed] radula as a kind of poison dart , others employing it to bore neat , perfectly round holes through the shells of prey ( often bivalves ) in order to get at the nutritious interior .

While the majority are coiled in an upward spiral , some are modified into simple , cap-like forms ( like the limpets ) , and others are coiled in a flat plane , like a ram 's horn .
while the majority are coiled in an upward spiral , some are [changed] into simple , cap-like forms ( like the limpets ) , and others are coiled in a flat plane , like a ram 's horn .

This is partly due to the flexibility of the external skeleton — it can be modified into wings , fortified into claws , sealed against searing heat , or turned into eye lenses .
this is partly due to the flexibility of the external skeleton — it can be [changed] into wings , fortified into claws , sealed against searing heat , or turned into eye lenses .

Segmentation , too , has proved very versatile ; individual pairs of legs , or appendages , can be specialized for particular functions without affecting the routine business of locomotion taken by the others ; appendages are modified for feeding in a host of ways , for grasping , swimming , spinning , copulating , cleaning or camouflaging .
segmentation , too , has proved very versatile ; individual pairs of legs , or appendages , can be specialized for particular functions without affecting the routine business of locomotion taken by the others ; appendages are [changed] for feeding in a host of ways , for grasping , swimming , spinning , copulating , cleaning or camouflaging .

The traces of these appendages are preserved in exceptional circumstances , so we do know that trilobites had walking legs gills , antennae , and the bases of the legs modified into primitive jaws in some species .
the traces of these appendages are preserved in exceptional circumstances , so we do know that trilobites had walking legs gills , antennae , and the bases of the legs [changed] into primitive jaws in some species .

Most have a characteristic arrangement of paired fins , but these can be lost , or fantastically modified to form fans or poisonous barbs .
most have a characteristic arrangement of paired fins , but these can be lost , or fantastically [changed] to form fans or poisonous barbs .

Like the bats , the pterosaurs had membranous wings stretched between highly modified arms and ‘ hands ’ and the fore part of the legs ; unlike the bats some of them grew to an enormous size and the front support for the wing was provided by only one finger of the hand , grotesquely extended .
like the bats , the pterosaurs had membranous wings stretched between highly [changed] arms and ‘ hands ’ and the fore part of the legs ; unlike the bats some of them grew to an enormous size and the front support for the wing was provided by only one finger of the hand , grotesquely extended .

The most specialized dental structures of all are probably the baleen plates of the largest whales , modified for straining plankton from sea water .
the most specialized dental structures of all are probably the baleen plates of the largest whales , [changed] for straining plankton from sea water .

They reproduce by means of minute spores , which form in clusters on the undersides of the fronds , or sometimes on specially modified fronds .
they reproduce by means of minute spores , which form in clusters on the undersides of the fronds , or sometimes on specially [changed] fronds .

The horsetails reproduce by means of spores , which are born in small cone-like structures at the tip of the branches or on modified shoots .
the horsetails reproduce by means of spores , which are born in small cone-like structures at the tip of the branches or on [changed] shoots .

While the bottom-dwelling or burrowing bivalves mostly have a pair of strong muscles to pull the valves together , in the swimming forms the muscles have become modified so that there is one particularly powerful muscle , centrally placed , to produce the powerful clapping movement that propels the animal through the water .
while the bottom-dwelling or burrowing bivalves mostly have a pair of strong muscles to pull the valves together , in the swimming forms the muscles have become [changed] so that there is one particularly powerful muscle , centrally placed , to produce the powerful clapping movement that propels the animal through the water .

In the Federal Republic , the ‘ chancellor-democracy ’ has at its disposal a continually growing government and management expertise which outlasts all parliaments : the twenty year long permanence of this government constellation is modified only by the federal structure . Here too the danger of government instability was exchanged for a limitation on the power of government … In the cases of France and Germany , if in different ways , the consequence is a technological-bureaucratic , potentially authoritarian remodelling of parliamentary democracy … By this development , the representation and participation of the citizens was increasingly weakened and ‘ mediated ’ …
in the federal republic , the ‘ chancellor-democracy ’ has at its disposal a continually growing government and management expertise which outlasts all parliaments : the twenty year long permanence of this government constellation is [changed] only by the federal structure . here too the danger of government instability was exchanged for a limitation on the power of government … in the cases of france and germany , if in different ways , the consequence is a technological-bureaucratic , potentially authoritarian remodelling of parliamentary democracy … by this development , the representation and participation of the citizens was increasingly weakened and ‘ mediated ’ …

organisational structure and decision making are considerably modified … when there are large numbers of professionals … and that :
organisational structure and decision making are considerably [changed] … when there are large numbers of professionals … and that :

They can not have teachers ready to respond to the rapidly changing social milieu ( the educational needs context ) which requires an extended approach to professionality , and at the same time expect to manage them in a modified bureaucracy which is predicated upon a restricted view .
they can not have teachers ready to respond to the rapidly changing social milieu ( the educational needs context ) which requires an extended approach to professionality , and at the same time expect to manage them in a [changed] bureaucracy which is predicated upon a restricted view .

The business included the waiving of subscriptions for members joining after June 13th , although this was modified at some later unspecified date .
the business included the waiving of subscriptions for members joining after june 13th , although this was [changed] at some later unspecified date .

In the 1970 's and early ‘ 80 's the Club saw more changes than in the whole of its earlier history , so much so that in 1976 former President Tom Luker said of the course shortly before his death ( 1977 ) , ‘ It has been modified so many times it has gone full circle ’ .
in the 1970 's and early ‘ 80 's the club saw more changes than in the whole of its earlier history , so much so that in 1976 former president tom luker said of the course shortly before his death ( 1977 ) , ‘ it has been [changed] so many times it has gone full circle ’ .

The attitude of some bondholders previously willing to surrender their bonds modified on learning of this privilege which they were previously and largely unaware of in connection with redemption , so much so that of the 47 bonds bought out , 24 holders elected to enjoy perpetual membership .
the attitude of some bondholders previously willing to surrender their bonds [changed] on learning of this privilege which they were previously and largely unaware of in connection with redemption , so much so that of the 47 bonds bought out , 24 holders elected to enjoy perpetual membership .

It totally replaces the archaic dualism of the Cartesian myth , and has the form of a modified holism based on the cybernetic analysis of living systems .
it totally replaces the archaic dualism of the cartesian myth , and has the form of a [changed] holism based on the cybernetic analysis of living systems .

This still puts the participant in an ‘ exercise mode ’ as the dramatic playing that ensues is modified by the task orientation .
this still puts the participant in an ‘ exercise mode ’ as the dramatic playing that ensues is [changed] by the task orientation .

In this chapter we have argued that emotion in drama is real , but that it is nevertheless a modified version of that same emotion felt in an actual event , for the emotional response in drama is a response to an abstraction .
in this chapter we have argued that emotion in drama is real , but that it is nevertheless a [changed] version of that same emotion felt in an actual event , for the emotional response in drama is a response to an abstraction .

By the time they are mature , hedgehogs can have several thousand of the modified hairs that give them their prickly appearance and an ideal form of defence against attackers .
by the time they are mature , hedgehogs can have several thousand of the [changed] hairs that give them their prickly appearance and an ideal form of defence against attackers .

Meals also have to be modified so that they do not produce a rhythmic input to the body .
meals also have to be [changed] so that they do not produce a rhythmic input to the body .

When extra commitments — particular meetings , examinations , or tutorials , for example — come round then such a life-style has to be modified .
when extra commitments — particular meetings , examinations , or tutorials , for example — come round then such a life-style has to be [changed] .

The building owner must establish whether the structure will provide an acceptable period of fire resistance in its unmodified state or if it can be simply modified to meet mandatory requirements .
the building owner must establish whether the structure will provide an acceptable period of fire resistance in its unmodified state or if it can be simply [changed] to meet mandatory requirements .

During the nineteenth century , with improvements in communications , these traditions were modified by the consequently increased sensitivity to changing preferences in architectural styles .
during the nineteenth century , with improvements in communications , these traditions were [changed] by the consequently increased sensitivity to changing preferences in architectural styles .

This modified use meant that the original waggon door opening had been reduced in width ( Plate 7 ) .
this [changed] use meant that the original waggon door opening had been reduced in width ( plate 7 ) .

Four additional openings were made in this external wall and three existing openings were modified in order to admit adequate light to the altered interior .
four additional openings were made in this external wall and three existing openings were [changed] in order to admit adequate light to the altered interior .

To obtain additional internal volume and a satisfactory relationship between new floor levels and existing or modified window openings , the original ground floor , which consisted of two panels of suspended timber construction under the areas formerly accommodating pews , separated and flanked by strips of tiled floor on a solid base where the gangways ran , was removed to give a further 400mm ( 16in ) of height .
to obtain additional internal volume and a satisfactory relationship between new floor levels and existing or [changed] window openings , the original ground floor , which consisted of two panels of suspended timber construction under the areas formerly accommodating pews , separated and flanked by strips of tiled floor on a solid base where the gangways ran , was removed to give a further 400mm ( 16in ) of height .

The elm paddles of the iron wheel were renewed and the mechanism was modified to operate on the ‘ undershot ’ principle because a lowering of water levels brought about by a local flood alleviation scheme made impracticable the restoration of the original ‘ breast-shot ’ arrangement .
the elm paddles of the iron wheel were renewed and the mechanism was [changed] to operate on the ‘ undershot ’ principle because a lowering of water levels brought about by a local flood alleviation scheme made impracticable the restoration of the original ‘ breast-shot ’ arrangement .

Some officers familiar with the medium range Trigat project are sceptical that it can be modified to defeat the new armour .
some officers familiar with the medium range trigat project are sceptical that it can be [changed] to defeat the new armour .

The reforms themselves can be modified : ‘ The National Health service will not be privatised , ’ Mrs Thatcher declared in her speech yesterday .
the reforms themselves can be [changed] : ‘ the national health service will not be privatised , ’ mrs thatcher declared in her speech yesterday .

Details of the ‘ community charge reduction scheme ’ were produced in January 1991 and then modified in March 1991 .
details of the ‘ community charge reduction scheme ’ were produced in january 1991 and then [changed] in march 1991 .

Indian scientists have identified varieties with a modified leaf structure which confers some resistance to taphrina .
indian scientists have identified varieties with a [changed] leaf structure which confers some resistance to taphrina .

Sikh competitors will , on prior application to the Chief Referee , be allowed to wear modified ritual headgear .
sikh competitors will , on prior application to the chief referee , be allowed to wear [changed] ritual headgear .

Although rarely used , there is no reason why modified forearm blocks should n't prove effective in competition .
although rarely used , there is no reason why [changed] forearm blocks should n't prove effective in competition .

The thin edged-woodworking cutter blunts very quickly and at times produces a very chipped or chattering surface , so it is modified ( fig.1 ) .
the thin edged-woodworking cutter blunts very quickly and at times produces a very chipped or chattering surface , so it is [changed] ( fig.1 ) .

The computer 's micro processor automatically models the absorption and release of nitrogen ( it uses a modified Haldanian model based on nine tissue compartments ) during all phases of diving , including ascents , surface intervals and repetitive diving .
the computer 's micro processor automatically models the absorption and release of nitrogen ( it uses a [changed] haldanian model based on nine tissue compartments ) during all phases of diving , including ascents , surface intervals and repetitive diving .

comparison of the stability of a product made by a modified method with that of the original product
comparison of the stability of a product made by a [changed] method with that of the original product

comparison of the stability of a product made to a modified formula with that of the original product
comparison of the stability of a product made to a [changed] formula with that of the original product

In tests on products made to a modified formula or by a modified process , or in tests on new packages , the original product or package should invariably be used as a control .
in tests on products made to a [changed] formula or by a [changed] process , or in tests on new packages , the original product or package should invariably be used as a control .

The examination schedule drawn up at the beginning of the test may need to be modified in the light of findings in the earlier stages of the test .
the examination schedule drawn up at the beginning of the test may need to be [changed] in the light of findings in the earlier stages of the test .

The main shape of the landscape — mountains , rolling hills , and flat plains — is based on the geological rock formations , but has been severely modified by the movement of glaciers which carried vast quantities of rock , grinding it down in the process , depositing it in the form of boulders , gravel , sand , and silt , often many miles from its original outcrop .
the main shape of the landscape — mountains , rolling hills , and flat plains — is based on the geological rock formations , but has been severely [changed] by the movement of glaciers which carried vast quantities of rock , grinding it down in the process , depositing it in the form of boulders , gravel , sand , and silt , often many miles from its original outcrop .

Such a plan will inevitably be modified , but it does provide a framework on which to build .
such a plan will inevitably be [changed] , but it does provide a framework on which to build .

In recent years it has been modified to reduce labour costs and increase profits through the use of machinery , fertilizers , and chemicals .
in recent years it has been [changed] to reduce labour costs and increase profits through the use of machinery , fertilizers , and chemicals .

Special drills have been developed with heavy discs or modified rotovators instead of the usual light coulters .
special drills have been developed with heavy discs or [changed] rotovators instead of the usual light coulters .

For all the fact that some of these claims need to be modified in the light of historical research , there can be no doubting that the nineteenth century was pre-eminently ‘ The Railway Age ’ . The railways were , as Charles Dickens noted with some distaste , ubiquitous :
for all the fact that some of these claims need to be [changed] in the light of historical research , there can be no doubting that the nineteenth century was pre-eminently ‘ the railway age ’ . the railways were , as charles dickens noted with some distaste , ubiquitous :

Their accommodation was modified accordingly .
their accommodation was [changed] accordingly .

Her Majesty 's Inspectors frowned upon this distortion of the purposes of the new school , but proved powerless and in 1955 a Government Circular gave modified approval to the introduction of examination courses in the schools .
her majesty 's inspectors frowned upon this distortion of the purposes of the new school , but proved powerless and in 1955 a government circular gave [changed] approval to the introduction of examination courses in the schools .

Nevertheless , the bipartite system remained in place and would be fundamentally modified only if a powerful political will to do so could be mobilized .
nevertheless , the bipartite system remained in place and would be fundamentally [changed] only if a powerful political will to do so could be mobilized .

just as , in the previous century , they had modified their style from that of the Christian gentleman into that of the muscular Christian , so now they were completing a transition towards becoming highly competitive academic schools .
just as , in the previous century , they had [changed] their style from that of the christian gentleman into that of the muscular christian , so now they were completing a transition towards becoming highly competitive academic schools .

Very often it will be possible to put forward an alternative or modified route , and sometimes , for an inquiry , the Department may undertake to draw this up in detail .
very often it will be possible to put forward an alternative or [changed] route , and sometimes , for an inquiry , the department may undertake to draw this up in detail .

New jeeps had to be modified for desert travel , a vast amount of stores had to be sorted out and the new recruits had to be given at least some elementary training .
new jeeps had to be [changed] for desert travel , a vast amount of stores had to be sorted out and the new recruits had to be given at least some elementary training .

Those represented on the list here include the Devon and Exeter Institution , the Ipswich Institute , the Isle of Wight Institution — though in a modified form , it is still housed in its original listed building — and the Bath Royal Literary and Scientific Institution .
those represented on the list here include the devon and exeter institution , the ipswich institute , the isle of wight institution — though in a [changed] form , it is still housed in its original listed building — and the bath royal literary and scientific institution .

As Chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson considerably modified the tax framework in which life assurance and pensions schemes operated , removing for instance the tax relief on life insurance premiums .
as chancellor of the exchequer , nigel lawson considerably [changed] the tax framework in which life assurance and pensions schemes operated , removing for instance the tax relief on life insurance premiums .

Genetically modified organisms : The bill provides for additional safeguards against the import , containment and release of Genetically Modified Organisms .
genetically [changed] organisms : the bill provides for additional safeguards against the import , containment and release of genetically [changed] organisms .

The other measure of the bill that deserves extensive scrutiny is the part dealing with genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) Genetic modification , or engineering , is the precise manipulation of the genetic code that governs the characteristics of any organism .
the other measure of the bill that deserves extensive scrutiny is the part dealing with genetically [changed] organisms ( gmos ) genetic modification , or engineering , is the precise manipulation of the genetic code that governs the characteristics of any organism .

It is not clear that producers of genetically modified organisms will be fully liable for any damage they may cause .
it is not clear that producers of genetically [changed] organisms will be fully liable for any damage they may cause .

That means a modified 2-litre Renault 21 Turbo engine , double wishbone suspension and a chassis le Quement said was designed not as a chassis ‘ but as a handling ’ ( sic ) .
that means a [changed] 2-litre renault 21 turbo engine , double wishbone suspension and a chassis le quement said was designed not as a chassis ‘ but as a handling ’ ( sic ) .

Record-breaking , highly modified Healey at Bonneville , 1954
record-breaking , highly [changed] healey at bonneville , 1954

But recent research has modified this judgement and Dr Clarke carries the revision further .
but recent research has [changed] this judgement and dr clarke carries the revision further .

The agricultural legacy of the colonial period was sometimes a modified form of shifting cultivation , sometimes a form of settled agriculture which tended to deplete the fertility of the soil .
the agricultural legacy of the colonial period was sometimes a [changed] form of shifting cultivation , sometimes a form of settled agriculture which tended to deplete the fertility of the soil .

These various divisions were superimposed on a deeply rooted inequality between different groups and occupations which modified other apparent signs of social progress .
these various divisions were superimposed on a deeply rooted inequality between different groups and occupations which [changed] other apparent signs of social progress .

The great gains in public health , following the establishment of the National Health Service in 1948 , was modified by , among other factors , the existence of class attitudes towards health which meant , for instance , that older working-class communities in the industrial north were still marred by the health problems of a poor diet , excessive beer drinking and smoking , and a prevalence of heart and lung disease in consequence .
the great gains in public health , following the establishment of the national health service in 1948 , was [changed] by , among other factors , the existence of class attitudes towards health which meant , for instance , that older working-class communities in the industrial north were still marred by the health problems of a poor diet , excessive beer drinking and smoking , and a prevalence of heart and lung disease in consequence .

For decades , as the Royal Commission on Wealth and Income demonstrated in the late 1970s , those disparities were modified by the social benefits available under the welfare state .
for decades , as the royal commission on wealth and income demonstrated in the late 1970s , those disparities were [changed] by the social benefits available under the welfare state .

So with humanism more generally and more radically : it is not to be imitated , not modified , not simply borrowed from or differently applied ; rather , its appropriation and transformation is conditional upon its negation , the using of it destructively against itself .
so with humanism more generally and more radically : it is not to be imitated , not [changed] , not simply borrowed from or differently applied ; rather , its appropriation and transformation is conditional upon its negation , the using of it destructively against itself .

This view was then modified by the ‘ young Hegelians ’ , a group of radical followers and critics of Hegel who argues that it was only the reformed or purified State which could be the source of a just society .
this view was then [changed] by the ‘ young hegelians ’ , a group of radical followers and critics of hegel who argues that it was only the reformed or purified state which could be the source of a just society .

As his work progressed he read more and more about non-European societies and modified his general historical views accordingly .
as his work progressed he read more and more about non-european societies and [changed] his general historical views accordingly .

Did this mean that the historical sequence so far set up had to be modified to accommodate much more variety , and was the specifically European focus of the scheme in some way too parochial ?
did this mean that the historical sequence so far set up had to be [changed] to accommodate much more variety , and was the specifically european focus of the scheme in some way too parochial ?

Marx 's and Engels 's views about slavery should also be modified in the light of more recent work .
marx 's and engels 's views about slavery should also be [changed] in the light of more recent work .

Asp ( automated similarity package ) guides this procedure by providing a quantitative measure of the similarity of the modified compound and the original structure .
asp ( automated similarity package ) guides this procedure by providing a quantitative measure of the similarity of the [changed] compound and the original structure .

It had been further modified to include in its membership all four university resident tutors and six education officers from participating LEAs .
it had been further [changed] to include in its membership all four university resident tutors and six education officers from participating leas .

It is ‘ a reminder of the feminine role modified by ideas of equality ’ .
it is ‘ a reminder of the feminine role [changed] by ideas of equality ’ .

The device , which used a shotgun modified to fire bullets , was concealed in a wooden box hidden among trees .
the device , which used a shotgun [changed] to fire bullets , was concealed in a wooden box hidden among trees .

The surface is physically modified , and the painting becomes practically illegible .
the surface is physically [changed] , and the painting becomes practically illegible .

Now they have demonstrated that such systems can be modified and made more complex .
now they have demonstrated that such systems can be [changed] and made more complex .

In this paper , we focus on those results of our research that ( 1 ) suggest that profession-centred approaches to social service provision should be modified ; ( 2 ) team models of practice need to be more widely adopted ; ( 3 ) both professionals and paraprofessionals need specific training for effective team functioning ; ( 4 ) paraprofessional training must affirm and build upon indigenous characteristics and skills ; and ( 5 ) more attention needs to be devoted to career advancement opportunities for paraprofessional personnel .
in this paper , we focus on those results of our research that ( 1 ) suggest that profession-centred approaches to social service provision should be [changed] ; ( 2 ) team models of practice need to be more widely adopted ; ( 3 ) both professionals and paraprofessionals need specific training for effective team functioning ; ( 4 ) paraprofessional training must affirm and build upon indigenous characteristics and skills ; and ( 5 ) more attention needs to be devoted to career advancement opportunities for paraprofessional personnel .

The team approach , in modified form , using case managers to co-ordinate team efforts , has received strong support in the recent Griffiths Report ( 1988 ) and subsequent White Paper ( 1990 ) in their recommendations regarding care for people within the community .
the team approach , in [changed] form , using case managers to co-ordinate team efforts , has received strong support in the recent griffiths report ( 1988 ) and subsequent white paper ( 1990 ) in their recommendations regarding care for people within the community .

But the anxiety and fear it engenders might be less ( and the dangers of the Scylla and Charybdis of paralysis or overreaction might be reduced ) if the attitudes of the public , media , and scrutineers of scandals are modified .
but the anxiety and fear it engenders might be less ( and the dangers of the scylla and charybdis of paralysis or overreaction might be reduced ) if the attitudes of the public , media , and scrutineers of scandals are [changed] .

The astonishingly monochrome , synthetic quality of the set is modified only occasionally by the saturating splashes of blood-sachets , perfunctorily punctured over the bodies of the slain .
the astonishingly monochrome , synthetic quality of the set is [changed] only occasionally by the saturating splashes of blood-sachets , perfunctorily punctured over the bodies of the slain .

Yet if the example is modified a little , so that the overtaking is on a country road at night and the risk is known to be slight , it becomes questionable whether the causing of death in these circumstances should be labelled in the same way as intentional killings .
yet if the example is [changed] a little , so that the overtaking is on a country road at night and the risk is known to be slight , it becomes questionable whether the causing of death in these circumstances should be labelled in the same way as intentional killings .

At the same congress Khrushchev profoundly modified Lenin 's tenet that world revolution would come about through inevitable war with the capitalist powers .
at the same congress khrushchev profoundly [changed] lenin 's tenet that world revolution would come about through inevitable war with the capitalist powers .

It has covered 1000ha ( 2,500 acres ) of silaging work and nothing — pto apart — has had to be modified .
it has covered 1000ha ( 2,500 acres ) of silaging work and nothing — pto apart — has had to be [changed] .

But although Austria ( for one ) produces modified rape oil commercially at a yield of 1,000-plus litres/had , Ricardo says interest from its customers has dwindled .
but although austria ( for one ) produces [changed] rape oil commercially at a yield of 1,000-plus litres/had , ricardo says interest from its customers has dwindled .

The latter are modified diesel engines using a short squirt of conventional fuel to encourage injected gas to burn .
the latter are [changed] diesel engines using a short squirt of conventional fuel to encourage injected gas to burn .

these proposals we regard as doing no more than initiating a programme of family welfare which will have to be kept under continuous review and modified and expanded in the light of experience and deeper knowledge .
these proposals we regard as doing no more than initiating a programme of family welfare which will have to be kept under continuous review and [changed] and expanded in the light of experience and deeper knowledge .

Some , like cacti or our native sedums , store water in modified leaves or stems .
some , like cacti or our native sedums , store water in [changed] leaves or stems .

In some species , the number of leaves is much reduced and in others , leaves have been modified to form thorns .
in some species , the number of leaves is much reduced and in others , leaves have been [changed] to form thorns .

The properties of bronze can be further modified by introducing other metals such as lead .
the properties of bronze can be further [changed] by introducing other metals such as lead .

Although the mechanical properties of copper-based alloys are readily modified by working and heat treatment , they are not as versatile as iron in this respect .
although the mechanical properties of copper-based alloys are readily [changed] by working and heat treatment , they are not as versatile as iron in this respect .

If a lump of cast metal is hammered and annealed , the structure will be modified ( fig .
if a lump of cast metal is hammered and annealed , the structure will be [changed] ( fig .

The problem then needs to be formulated in scientific terms and this requires the object to have some property which is unique to its origin , but which varies from place to place and is not significantly modified by manufacture ; the property must also be scientifically detectable .
the problem then needs to be formulated in scientific terms and this requires the object to have some property which is unique to its origin , but which varies from place to place and is not significantly [changed] by manufacture ; the property must also be scientifically detectable .

So , for example , with regard to observance of the Passover , the pre-exilic ruling was for ‘ thee and thy son ’ , with no further qualification , to keep the feast , whereas in the exilic and post-exilic legislation the ordinance was modified to count only those who had been circumcised .
so , for example , with regard to observance of the passover , the pre-exilic ruling was for ‘ thee and thy son ’ , with no further qualification , to keep the feast , whereas in the exilic and post-exilic legislation the ordinance was [changed] to count only those who had been circumcised .

Within this classification modified forms exist .
within this classification [changed] forms exist .

Primary heat modified soils are alkali soluble soils which change from their characteristic greasy texture on heating when they harden and darken .
primary heat [changed] soils are alkali soluble soils which change from their characteristic greasy texture on heating when they harden and darken .

Carbonised soils are also alkali soluble and are further forms of heat modified fats or oils which have undergone radical changes whereby a large proportion of volatiles have been burnt off and a high proportion of free carbon remains in the residues .
carbonised soils are also alkali soluble and are further forms of heat [changed] fats or oils which have undergone radical changes whereby a large proportion of volatiles have been burnt off and a high proportion of free carbon remains in the residues .

It is so far different in reactivity from primary heat modified fats that it it affected only by the most aggressive alkalis and certain powerful solvents .
it is so far different in reactivity from primary heat [changed] fats that it it affected only by the most aggressive alkalis and certain powerful solvents .

Solvents are used instead of alkalis , if they are more convenient or faster acting , particularly butoxy ethanol on heat modified soils and methylene chloride on carbonised grease .
solvents are used instead of alkalis , if they are more convenient or faster acting , particularly butoxy ethanol on heat [changed] soils and methylene chloride on carbonised grease .

Total alkalinity is often modified , downwards , by the use of less aggressive alkalis , such as sodium carbonate or sodium metasilicate , and , not infrequently , especially in dishwashing formulations , chlorine release agents such as di and tri chloroisocyanuric acid salts .
total alkalinity is often [changed] , downwards , by the use of less aggressive alkalis , such as sodium carbonate or sodium metasilicate , and , not infrequently , especially in dishwashing formulations , chlorine release agents such as di and tri chloroisocyanuric acid salts .

For plastic tray washing the standard continuous flow system has been modified to route items into the wash tank in which there is a high power ultrasonic generator . This is able to remove dirt resistant to normal energy combinations
for plastic tray washing the standard continuous flow system has been [changed] to route items into the wash tank in which there is a high power ultrasonic generator . this is able to remove dirt resistant to normal energy combinations

They may be modified for specialist tasks such as roof work when they are often fitted with restraint devices or stabilisers .
they may be [changed] for specialist tasks such as roof work when they are often fitted with restraint devices or stabilisers .

The group details are then re-examined for surface materials that might rule out the preliminary choice because of corrosion problems and choice is modified by the addition or substitution of a chemical type that will not affect the surfaces involved .
the group details are then re-examined for surface materials that might rule out the preliminary choice because of corrosion problems and choice is [changed] by the addition or substitution of a chemical type that will not affect the surfaces involved .

Techniques are thus modified by reducing the amount of water applied and lighter brushing strokes .
techniques are thus [changed] by reducing the amount of water applied and lighter brushing strokes .

Where thick deposits of heat modified oil or fat have accumulated the judicious use of a scraper may be indicated .
where thick deposits of heat [changed] oil or fat have accumulated the judicious use of a scraper may be indicated .

Much of Pacassi 's work was later modified by the original hand of Jože Plečnik in the 1920s , when President Masaryk , the first president of the Czech Republic , commissioned him to redesign the State apartments and the castle gardens .
much of pacassi 's work was later [changed] by the original hand of jože plečnik in the 1920s , when president masaryk , the first president of the czech republic , commissioned him to redesign the state apartments and the castle gardens .

In the 1960s it was modified to make the House of Czech Children for the Pioneers .
in the 1960s it was [changed] to make the house of czech children for the pioneers .

Mr Palomar can be read as a series of representations of the world , attempted reproductions and descriptions of the out-there being constantly modified in the light of new experience and new information .
mr palomar can be read as a series of representations of the world , attempted reproductions and descriptions of the out-there being constantly [changed] in the light of new experience and new information .

But the pervasive and insidious presence throughout the novel of manifestations of Quechua culture suggests the ability of that culture not only to survive in an alien environment , but also , as it itself is modified , to exercise an ‘ Indianizing ’ influence on the country as a whole .
but the pervasive and insidious presence throughout the novel of manifestations of quechua culture suggests the ability of that culture not only to survive in an alien environment , but also , as it itself is [changed] , to exercise an ‘ indianizing ’ influence on the country as a whole .

Like Dean , Landau had studied the Method approach to acting devised by Stanislavski and modified for the Actors Studio by Lee Strasberg .
like dean , landau had studied the method approach to acting devised by stanislavski and [changed] for the actors studio by lee strasberg .

In order to explain these results , Lubow , Rifkin , and Alek ( 1976 ) accept that the loss of the attentional response produced by pre-exposure must be modified by contextual factors .
in order to explain these results , lubow , rifkin , and alek ( 1976 ) accept that the loss of the attentional response produced by pre-exposure must be [changed] by contextual factors .

There are experimental findings to suggest that Wagner 's theory needs to be modified in this respect .
there are experimental findings to suggest that wagner 's theory needs to be [changed] in this respect .

He has also modified his fitness regime , which last year resulted in him putting on 10lb — he weighed 15st 5lb — and increased his neck size an inch to 17½ .
he has also [changed] his fitness regime , which last year resulted in him putting on 10lb — he weighed 15st 5lb — and increased his neck size an inch to 17½ .

They succeeded in getting some of the more divisive ideas modified , but the Conservative emphasis remains narrowly on job-related training for younger people .
they succeeded in getting some of the more divisive ideas [changed] , but the conservative emphasis remains narrowly on job-related training for younger people .

Recently modified Class 4718 ( with extended–range fuel tanks ) No 47818 heads to Holyhead to Carlisle charter train , Victoria Travel 's Settle–Carlisle Express , through Baron wood on 6 May 1989 .
recently [changed] class 4718 ( with extended–range fuel tanks ) no 47818 heads to holyhead to carlisle charter train , victoria travel 's settle–carlisle express , through baron wood on 6 may 1989 .

As a result the design was modified to include much greater fire resistance , adding £50,000 per car to the basic cost of £200,000 of the initial design .
as a result the design was [changed] to include much greater fire resistance , adding £50,000 per car to the basic cost of £200,000 of the initial design .

Trailer-wise , complaints from guards about excessive noise in the guard 's compartment at the rear of the power car saw an order for 101 second-class trailers hurriedly modified to include a small compartment for them .
trailer-wise , complaints from guards about excessive noise in the guard 's compartment at the rear of the power car saw an order for 101 second-class trailers hurriedly [changed] to include a small compartment for them .

And indeed what evidence is there that Sicily as a physical presence , a quite insistent presence as generations of travellers have found it , ever modified Pound 's sensibility in the least ?
and indeed what evidence is there that sicily as a physical presence , a quite insistent presence as generations of travellers have found it , ever [changed] pound 's sensibility in the least ?

The company has used a modified version of the design in its proposal for the European Teraflop initiative .
the company has used a [changed] version of the design in its proposal for the european teraflop initiative .

Using the menu system , which can itself be modified to give pop-up , pull-down , or first letter selection of options , the colour scheme can be selected from a choice of four .
using the menu system , which can itself be [changed] to give pop-up , pull-down , or first letter selection of options , the colour scheme can be selected from a choice of four .

There is no point at which they unambiguously intersect experience and therefore no point where one of their contentions could be modified by behavioural data .
there is no point at which they unambiguously intersect experience and therefore no point where one of their contentions could be [changed] by behavioural data .

To develop a recovery method , Morgan , Saunders and Pickup used a Gem called Pseudomonas putida mt-2 , a modified common soil bacterium which may have wide applications for destroying toxic substances .
to develop a recovery method , morgan , saunders and pickup used a gem called pseudomonas putida mt-2 , a [changed] common soil bacterium which may have wide applications for destroying toxic substances .

Prosamo ( which stands for planned release of selected and modified organisms ) is sponsoring a wide range of studies on the behaviour of genetically engineered organisms in the environment .
prosamo ( which stands for planned release of selected and [changed] organisms ) is sponsoring a wide range of studies on the behaviour of genetically engineered organisms in the environment .

Ms Jenny Wilson , a trustee of the charity , said research has shown that men have modified their sexual behaviour towards each other , but few towards women .
ms jenny wilson , a trustee of the charity , said research has shown that men have [changed] their sexual behaviour towards each other , but few towards women .

By 1851 , one beating engine was in use , Rowley Mill having been modified for the manufacture of cardboard .
by 1851 , one beating engine was in use , rowley mill having been [changed] for the manufacture of cardboard .

With 98 per cent of the world 's sweet potato crop grown in developing regions and consumed locally , the key beneficiaries of the modified potatoes will be the farmers and consumers of the developing world .
with 98 per cent of the world 's sweet potato crop grown in developing regions and consumed locally , the key beneficiaries of the [changed] potatoes will be the farmers and consumers of the developing world .

The same chapter in Chronic Diseases highlights this thus ‘ In taking one and the same medicine repeatedly ( which is indispensable to secure the cure of a serious chronic disease ) , if the dose is in every case varied and modified only a little in its degree of dynamization , then the vital force of the patient will calmly , and as it were willingly receive the same medicine even at brief intervals very many times in succession with the best results , every time increasing the well-being of the patient . ’
the same chapter in chronic diseases highlights this thus ‘ in taking one and the same medicine repeatedly ( which is indispensable to secure the cure of a serious chronic disease ) , if the dose is in every case varied and [changed] only a little in its degree of dynamization , then the vital force of the patient will calmly , and as it were willingly receive the same medicine even at brief intervals very many times in succession with the best results , every time increasing the well-being of the patient . ’

First , the Secretary of State has a power , in section 17 , to provide , by regulation , that the National Curriculum shall not apply , or shall apply in a modified form , in cases or circumstances which may be specified .
first , the secretary of state has a power , in section 17 , to provide , by regulation , that the national curriculum shall not apply , or shall apply in a [changed] form , in cases or circumstances which may be specified .

Second , where a child with special educational needs is ‘ statemented ’ under section 7 ( 1 ) Education Act 1981 ( see Chapter 5 ) , the statement may exclude the application of the National Curriculum or specify its provision in a modified form ( section 18 ) .
second , where a child with special educational needs is ‘ statemented ’ under section 7 ( 1 ) education act 1981 ( see chapter 5 ) , the statement may exclude the application of the national curriculum or specify its provision in a [changed] form ( section 18 ) .

Critics discussing the relations between poetry and economics in the eighteenth century have in some cases made assertions which , while perfectly sound in relation to well-known figures , must be modified once labouring poets are taken into account .
critics discussing the relations between poetry and economics in the eighteenth century have in some cases made assertions which , while perfectly sound in relation to well-known figures , must be [changed] once labouring poets are taken into account .

The National Curriculum will apply to such children unless some or all of its requirements are temporarily disapplied by the headteacher in accordance with regulations made under Section 19 of the 1988 Act , or unless the pupils fall within any of the cases or circumstances entailing modified requirements which may be specified in Orders dealing with individual foundation subjects .
the national curriculum will apply to such children unless some or all of its requirements are temporarily disapplied by the headteacher in accordance with regulations made under section 19 of the 1988 act , or unless the pupils fall within any of the cases or circumstances entailing [changed] requirements which may be specified in orders dealing with individual foundation subjects .

Axles from other models will not fit 80 inch narrow springs unless the spring pads are modified .
axles from other models will not fit 80 inch narrow springs unless the spring pads are [changed] .

Bonilla argues that the lack of integration of Rio 's favelados ( the inhabitants of Brazilian shanty towns ) into city life is due to their rural values and orientations which are different from those of the city-born and though modified to some extent by the new situation , still hinder a smooth-adaptation ( Bonilla 1970 ) .
bonilla argues that the lack of integration of rio 's favelados ( the inhabitants of brazilian shanty towns ) into city life is due to their rural values and orientations which are different from those of the city-born and though [changed] to some extent by the new situation , still hinder a smooth-adaptation ( bonilla 1970 ) .

In the same year , the Home Secretary set up an internal committee to examine how the right to silence might best be modified in England and Wales .
in the same year , the home secretary set up an internal committee to examine how the right to silence might best be [changed] in england and wales .

More to the point , he has modified the right by taking a less than severe attitude to breaches of section 58 .
more to the point , he has [changed] the right by taking a less than severe attitude to breaches of section 58 .

In the first two reports of the Commissioner , he drew attention to a few technical problems , such as wrong numbers being intercepted , and he did make recommendations as to how the procedures should be modified , describing these as being of ‘ no great importance ’ .
in the first two reports of the commissioner , he drew attention to a few technical problems , such as wrong numbers being intercepted , and he did make recommendations as to how the procedures should be [changed] , describing these as being of ‘ no great importance ’ .

This is thought to reflect our evolutionary history in that as the head became larger , the development of the anterior somites was modified .
this is thought to reflect our evolutionary history in that as the head became larger , the development of the anterior somites was [changed] .

This basic pattern has been modified in evolution to give a limb that serves quite different functions .
this basic pattern has been [changed] in evolution to give a limb that serves quite different functions .

Elsewhere man has modified the landscape less consciously , by providing congenial conditions for the river water crowfoot .
elsewhere man has [changed] the landscape less consciously , by providing congenial conditions for the river water crowfoot .

One aspect of the landscape revolution which this entailed appears to have been major drainage works , which drastically modified the stream between the two villages , to create what is now known as the Maxey Cut .
one aspect of the landscape revolution which this entailed appears to have been major drainage works , which drastically [changed] the stream between the two villages , to create what is now known as the maxey cut .

Some of the movements may be modified according to the patient 's abilities and limitations .
some of the movements may be [changed] according to the patient 's abilities and limitations .

it can be modified to run on unleaded petrol
it can be [changed] to run on unleaded petrol

it will not run on unleaded and can not be modified To find out which category your car fits into , ring a franchised dealer or agent for your particular vehicle .
it will not run on unleaded and can not be [changed] to find out which category your car fits into , ring a franchised dealer or agent for your particular vehicle .

In more technical terms cellulite is a modified form of fat tissue to be found just below the surface of the skin .
in more technical terms cellulite is a [changed] form of fat tissue to be found just below the surface of the skin .

We have , for many years , had legislation aimed at protecting the consumer from harmful food , but recently the law about food safety has been modified and extended to give even greater protection .
we have , for many years , had legislation aimed at protecting the consumer from harmful food , but recently the law about food safety has been [changed] and extended to give even greater protection .

Some of the ‘ trapped ’ learn that a trap is not so bad after all ; some traps can prove quite comfortable or can be modified to suit the individual .
some of the ‘ trapped ’ learn that a trap is not so bad after all ; some traps can prove quite comfortable or can be [changed] to suit the individual .

For these reasons , we have tried to incorporate nests within modified battery cages .
for these reasons , we have tried to incorporate nests within [changed] battery cages .

New material , both archival and interpretative , requires these judgements to be modified to some degree .
new material , both archival and interpretative , requires these judgements to be [changed] to some degree .

McClellan 's system has been used successfully as the foundation for provision at his former authority of Tottenham Public Libraries , and a handful of authorities still use those ideas today in modified form .
mcclellan 's system has been used successfully as the foundation for provision at his former authority of tottenham public libraries , and a handful of authorities still use those ideas today in [changed] form .

The possibility exists for grant aiding agriculture for environmental purposes under a modified definition of the Article 3 ( 5 ) areas in Directive 75/268 ( to become Article 32.2 ( b ) in the new proposals ) .
the possibility exists for grant aiding agriculture for environmental purposes under a [changed] definition of the article 3 ( 5 ) areas in directive 75/268 ( to become article 32.2 ( b ) in the new proposals ) .

The bridge was originally designed by Sir Horace Jones , the City Architect , who died as the work was commenced , and John Wolfe Barry then modified the drawbridge design , assisted by Brunel ( q.v . )
the bridge was originally designed by sir horace jones , the city architect , who died as the work was commenced , and john wolfe barry then [changed] the drawbridge design , assisted by brunel ( q.v . )

If retirement is not too far away , you might actually welcome the prospect of an easing of the pressure , while still contributing your experience and business know-how in a modified role .
if retirement is not too far away , you might actually welcome the prospect of an easing of the pressure , while still contributing your experience and business know-how in a [changed] role .

Table 3.4 Composition of the modified diet compared to that considered representative of modern western diet
table 3.4 composition of the [changed] diet compared to that considered representative of modern western diet

The recognition of the Symon Unconformity and its regional significance along the northern and western flanks of the London-Brabant Massif , has led to the proposition of a modified Carboniferous basin development model .
the recognition of the symon unconformity and its regional significance along the northern and western flanks of the london-brabant massif , has led to the proposition of a [changed] carboniferous basin development model .

According to this modified model , at about 16 my after the onset of post-rift thermal subsidence lateral heat flow produces a thermal ‘ bulge ’ in the basement along the basin flank .
according to this [changed] model , at about 16 my after the onset of post-rift thermal subsidence lateral heat flow produces a thermal ‘ bulge ’ in the basement along the basin flank .

The in-situ stress field at a given depth is defined as and . The vertical stress ( Jz is equal to the overburden pressure while the minimum horizontal stress , according to the elastic model modified for transverse isotropic formations , is defined as
the in-situ stress field at a given depth is defined as and . the vertical stress ( jz is equal to the overburden pressure while the minimum horizontal stress , according to the elastic model [changed] for transverse isotropic formations , is defined as

It may be possible to gain access to past records so that a realistic assessment can be made of achievable levels ; alternatively , in the absence of any historical data , utopian levels ( eg 100 % ) could be set initially , then modified if the auditing process highlights that they are unattainable .
it may be possible to gain access to past records so that a realistic assessment can be made of achievable levels ; alternatively , in the absence of any historical data , utopian levels ( eg 100 % ) could be set initially , then [changed] if the auditing process highlights that they are unattainable .

This constraint is not required for colliding plane waves and an additional set of aperiodic solutions is given by ( 10.81 ) where and are modified Bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order .
this constraint is not required for colliding plane waves and an additional set of aperiodic solutions is given by ( 10.81 ) where and are [changed] bessel functions of the first and second kinds of zero order .

Now , using the same arguments as in Section 12.1 , the new solution will only satisfy the appropriate boundary conditions if the forms of the functions f and g are modified .
now , using the same arguments as in section 12.1 , the new solution will only satisfy the appropriate boundary conditions if the forms of the functions f and g are [changed] .

Microstratigraphy is the study of the sediments in which the bones occur ; to the extent that the bones are themselves modified by sedimentary processes , it is an integral part of the taphonomic process , but when the bones come from a completely separate source from the sediments there may be little interaction .
microstratigraphy is the study of the sediments in which the bones occur ; to the extent that the bones are themselves [changed] by sedimentary processes , it is an integral part of the taphonomic process , but when the bones come from a completely separate source from the sediments there may be little interaction .

1.2 ) , and it is common for bones to be modified by one or more of these processes .
1.2 ) , and it is common for bones to be [changed] by one or more of these processes .

Predation produces death assemblages that are both highly selective following the prey preferences of the predator , and modified , depending on how the predator kills and eats its prey .
predation produces death assemblages that are both highly selective following the prey preferences of the predator , and [changed] , depending on how the predator kills and eats its prey .

Both the previous meal , which was regurgitated prematurely , and the next , which starts with the advantage of high pH , would therefore be less exposed to the effects of stomach acids and the bone accordingly less strongly modified .
both the previous meal , which was regurgitated prematurely , and the next , which starts with the advantage of high ph , would therefore be less exposed to the effects of stomach acids and the bone accordingly less strongly [changed] .

Conversely , it has also been shown that in the absence of another meal , the previous one may be kept in the stomach for more than twice as long as usual ( Chitty , 1938 ) , presumably with a gradual increase in stomach acidity , and the bones in this instance are likely to be strongly modified or even totally destroyed .
conversely , it has also been shown that in the absence of another meal , the previous one may be kept in the stomach for more than twice as long as usual ( chitty , 1938 ) , presumably with a gradual increase in stomach acidity , and the bones in this instance are likely to be strongly [changed] or even totally destroyed .

In these circumstances , it might well have modified its present adaptation to ground dwelling and nesting to something more appropriate to the more complex tundra environments that then existed .
in these circumstances , it might well have [changed] its present adaptation to ground dwelling and nesting to something more appropriate to the more complex tundra environments that then existed .

Damage was also very great in the mustelid samples , but in the one good sample from the pine marten the bones were less modified than in the canid samples , and it is not known at present which pattern is more typical of mustelids .
damage was also very great in the mustelid samples , but in the one good sample from the pine marten the bones were less [changed] than in the canid samples , and it is not known at present which pattern is more typical of mustelids .

The bone in predator assemblages is often well preserved but has also been modified to varying extents .
the bone in predator assemblages is often well preserved but has also been [changed] to varying extents .

It was during the 1914–18 war that the King 's and Queen 's saloons were modified .
it was during the 1914–18 war that the king 's and queen 's saloons were [changed] .

Curriculum history ( still quite thin on the ground ) may stress prominent innovators or pioneering national laws or documents , but many classroom practitioners are usually hardly aware that their practice is being slowly , almost subliminally modified by a variety of external pressures .
curriculum history ( still quite thin on the ground ) may stress prominent innovators or pioneering national laws or documents , but many classroom practitioners are usually hardly aware that their practice is being slowly , almost subliminally [changed] by a variety of external pressures .

Even though odour emission may be regarded as a major consideration , as shown above , only rarely is planning permission refused on that ground alone , generally permission is granted but the development modified in some way to minimise any potential odour nuisance .
even though odour emission may be regarded as a major consideration , as shown above , only rarely is planning permission refused on that ground alone , generally permission is granted but the development [changed] in some way to minimise any potential odour nuisance .

Following the case of Re Beecham Group Ltd 's Application there seems to be a good chance of any restriction contained in a s.52 agreement being modified or discharged on application ; the Tribunal in that case modifying a restriction contained in a s.52 agreement to allow development , on the basis that the local authority would suffer no injury if the restriction was modified .
following the case of re beecham group ltd 's application there seems to be a good chance of any restriction contained in a s.52 agreement being [changed] or discharged on application ; the tribunal in that case modifying a restriction contained in a s.52 agreement to allow development , on the basis that the local authority would suffer no injury if the restriction was [changed] .

New and unified rules governing both positive and restrictive covenants are proposed , with land obligations ' , new interests in land , being proposed for the future which could be modified or extinguished by the Lands Tribunal .
new and unified rules governing both positive and restrictive covenants are proposed , with land obligations ' , new interests in land , being proposed for the future which could be [changed] or extinguished by the lands tribunal .

Niskanen 's approach has been modified by a number of other writers to include reference to other criteria apart from budget maximization .
niskanen 's approach has been [changed] by a number of other writers to include reference to other criteria apart from budget maximization .

This approach concentrates its attention on the behaviour of bureaucrats as maximizers of budgets or staff and seeks to identify ways in which that behaviour can be modified by changing the context of their decision-making .
this approach concentrates its attention on the behaviour of bureaucrats as maximizers of budgets or staff and seeks to identify ways in which that behaviour can be [changed] by changing the context of their decision-making .

Many of these will be the molecule under study , slightly modified by the addition or loss of a proton .
many of these will be the molecule under study , slightly [changed] by the addition or loss of a proton .

The trap theme is designed to focus visitors ' attention on the plants to see how the trap works ( the traps are all modified leaves ) .
the trap theme is designed to focus visitors ' attention on the plants to see how the trap works ( the traps are all [changed] leaves ) .

Of course refineries can be modified or adjusted to produce the necessary product range given time , but the idea that this can be done to every refinery simultaneously and instantaneously is ludicrous .
of course refineries can be [changed] or adjusted to produce the necessary product range given time , but the idea that this can be done to every refinery simultaneously and instantaneously is ludicrous .

The vehicles are modified Daimler Benz buses , powered by diesel engines or by overhead electric cables .
the vehicles are [changed] daimler benz buses , powered by diesel engines or by overhead electric cables .

Clearly , it could be modified or expanded in many ways .
clearly , it could be [changed] or expanded in many ways .

Typical commercial gasifier systems used to run engines consist of a reactor , where the gas is produced ; a gas cleaning and cooling system ; and a modified carburettor to feed gas and air into the engine .
typical commercial gasifier systems used to run engines consist of a reactor , where the gas is produced ; a gas cleaning and cooling system ; and a [changed] carburettor to feed gas and air into the engine .

Each of these is modified by a scale factor to adjust the agreement between the model and the real world .
each of these is [changed] by a scale factor to adjust the agreement between the model and the real world .

The staff hoped that a French micro , the Thompson 07 , could be modified for use in their first major pilot project near Marseilles .
the staff hoped that a french micro , the thompson 07 , could be [changed] for use in their first major pilot project near marseilles .

But production of the modified machine could not start in time .
but production of the [changed] machine could not start in time .

Alternatively , the protein may be modified so that its activity is increased .
alternatively , the protein may be [changed] so that its activity is increased .

In 1929 Dall invented a modified form of the widely-used Cassegrain reflector , which is easier to make than the classical Cassegrain design .
in 1929 dall invented a [changed] form of the widely-used cassegrain reflector , which is easier to make than the classical cassegrain design .

Once work on them has finished , and vegetation is established , their shape can be modified .
once work on them has finished , and vegetation is established , their shape can be [changed] .

The application of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other Blue Skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably modified , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .
the application of sophisticated mathematical techniques and other blue skies approaches in engineering may come about through collaboration , but the important point to realise is that once formal or rigorous methods have been developed and applied successfully in one field of engineering , they may be applicable , suitably [changed] , to others and perhaps lead to more reliable specifications and designs in general .

Although , historically , man has modified animal behaviour , and its physical characteristics for his own benefit , we have only now begun to weigh the ethical consequences of our activities with animals .
although , historically , man has [changed] animal behaviour , and its physical characteristics for his own benefit , we have only now begun to weigh the ethical consequences of our activities with animals .

The earliest evidence of stone tools — modified or used by hominids — does not appear in the archaeological record until 2 million years ago .
the earliest evidence of stone tools — [changed] or used by hominids — does not appear in the archaeological record until 2 million years ago .

Here , too , the backbone is modified and made more impressive , but the details are different .
here , too , the backbone is [changed] and made more impressive , but the details are different .

The colours of certain other species can be modified only when there is a genetic shift in their population .
the colours of certain other species can be [changed] only when there is a genetic shift in their population .

This is because the poison is stored in greatly enlarged and modified salivary glands .
this is because the poison is stored in greatly enlarged and [changed] salivary glands .

The larger , longicorn beetles use a modified technique .
the larger , longicorn beetles use a [changed] technique .

The most sophisticated statement of a process approach comes from Nigeria where a modified version of a list produced by the American Association for the Advancement of Science has been suggested in the national ‘ Guidelines on Primary School Curriculum ’ to help evaluate coverage and approach in syllabuses and curriculum materials .
the most sophisticated statement of a process approach comes from nigeria where a [changed] version of a list produced by the american association for the advancement of science has been suggested in the national ‘ guidelines on primary school curriculum ’ to help evaluate coverage and approach in syllabuses and curriculum materials .

For the same reason it has been successfully refined and modified to accept communism .
for the same reason it has been successfully refined and [changed] to accept communism .

It may be argued that therein lies evolutionary justification for the belief that some modified form of such living can suit humans .
it may be argued that therein lies evolutionary justification for the belief that some [changed] form of such living can suit humans .

The ‘ Dawn of civilisation ’ produced events of a different kind , different because they were , for the first time , modified by man himself to provide a new source of ‘ goodness ’ to be added to the storehouse that is the Created God .
the ‘ dawn of civilisation ’ produced events of a different kind , different because they were , for the first time , [changed] by man himself to provide a new source of ‘ goodness ’ to be added to the storehouse that is the created god .

Moreover , created truth can be modified as time and human intelligence demands , as also can the definition of the Created God .
moreover , created truth can be [changed] as time and human intelligence demands , as also can the definition of the created god .

At this stage it operates largely in the unconscious but it is soon partly modified by exposure to reality , that part becoming the ego .
at this stage it operates largely in the unconscious but it is soon partly [changed] by exposure to reality , that part becoming the ego .

It is later further modified by that element of the mind that exerts a kind of moral judgement on what we do and think , the super-ego .
it is later further [changed] by that element of the mind that exerts a kind of moral judgement on what we do and think , the super-ego .

The ten per cent addition assumed by the Eighth Schedule was , as in the 1947 Act , measured by the external cube , but it has since been modified to the smaller of cube or internal floor space , and only relates now to buildings in existence on 1 July 1948 .
the ten per cent addition assumed by the eighth schedule was , as in the 1947 act , measured by the external cube , but it has since been [changed] to the smaller of cube or internal floor space , and only relates now to buildings in existence on 1 july 1948 .

Accordingly , this meant that market relations , especially those between ‘ town and country ’ must be continued , even though in a modified form .
accordingly , this meant that market relations , especially those between ‘ town and country ’ must be continued , even though in a [changed] form .

He modified his plans and built another .
he [changed] his plans and built another .

Ramsdens Bridge is a swing bridge with a stone keeper 's house which has been badly modified , a red brick porch stuck on the front and a concrete extension to the chimney owing more to utility than aesthetics .
ramsdens bridge is a swing bridge with a stone keeper 's house which has been badly [changed] , a red brick porch stuck on the front and a concrete extension to the chimney owing more to utility than aesthetics .

One claw is modified to snap shut with a sonic crack capable of stunning its intended prey .
one claw is [changed] to snap shut with a sonic crack capable of stunning its intended prey .

In fact , were we able to modify the mind structure of another creature , we would find that we had ‘ miraculously ’ modified the body as well .
in fact , were we able to modify the mind structure of another creature , we would find that we had ‘ miraculously ’ [changed] the body as well .

This chapter looks at geomancy and the variety of ways , of which the magical approach is but one , in which people have modified their environment in order to achieve inner change .
this chapter looks at geomancy and the variety of ways , of which the magical approach is but one , in which people have [changed] their environment in order to achieve inner change .

It also indicates ways in which the landscape can be modified in order to improve the flow of energies and thus the well-being of the inhabitants .
it also indicates ways in which the landscape can be [changed] in order to improve the flow of energies and thus the well-being of the inhabitants .

Holy wells are defined by Edna Whelan and Ian Taylor as naturally occurring springs , only slightly modified by human hand .
holy wells are defined by edna whelan and ian taylor as naturally occurring springs , only slightly [changed] by human hand .

They have taken the innovative step of basing their enantioselective sensor on a modified cyclodextrin .
they have taken the innovative step of basing their enantioselective sensor on a [changed] cyclodextrin .

Similarly , surfactant cleaners differ quite dramatically in their efficiency and partial cleaning produces a partially modified lens surface .
similarly , surfactant cleaners differ quite dramatically in their efficiency and partial cleaning produces a partially [changed] lens surface .

However , failure of materials in ionically , enzymically and cellularly hostile biological solutions , caused by surface attack , material leaching , corrosion , electrofouling and mechanical break-up , can mean a complete change in transduction strategy — at the very least , modified materials or covering barrier layers may be necessary .
however , failure of materials in ionically , enzymically and cellularly hostile biological solutions , caused by surface attack , material leaching , corrosion , electrofouling and mechanical break-up , can mean a complete change in transduction strategy — at the very least , [changed] materials or covering barrier layers may be necessary .

As a result , the signal size and speed of response may be crucially modified by the latter .
as a result , the signal size and speed of response may be crucially [changed] by the latter .

Such monoclonal ‘ designer ’ antibodies from hybridoma cell lines have not yielded antibodies with acceptable binding reversibility , but these could be ‘ tailored ’ by using chemically modified antibodies , antibody subcomponents and synthetic polypeptides .
such monoclonal ‘ designer ’ antibodies from hybridoma cell lines have not yielded antibodies with acceptable binding reversibility , but these could be ‘ tailored ’ by using chemically [changed] antibodies , antibody subcomponents and synthetic polypeptides .

Both fundamental electrochemistry and applied biosensors have benefited from these investigations , and modified electrodes of this type , together with newer electrode composites , will be increasingly important in constructing biosensors .
both fundamental electrochemistry and applied biosensors have benefited from these investigations , and [changed] electrodes of this type , together with newer electrode composites , will be increasingly important in constructing biosensors .

This book concentrates on the latter ; discussing the ways in which both adsorption isotherms and sorption kinetics are modified by cation exchange , and sorption of strongly bound polar molecules , which may limit and block pores .
this book concentrates on the latter ; discussing the ways in which both adsorption isotherms and sorption kinetics are [changed] by cation exchange , and sorption of strongly bound polar molecules , which may limit and block pores .

The objectives should therefore be modified according to the individual requirements of a student .
the objectives should therefore be [changed] according to the individual requirements of a student .

The final step provides an evaluation or post-mortem of the whole teaching programme so that , in cases where students have not achieved the objectives , appropriately modified plans can be made for future teaching .
the final step provides an evaluation or post-mortem of the whole teaching programme so that , in cases where students have not achieved the objectives , appropriately [changed] plans can be made for future teaching .

Discussion can follow about how these could be modified or improved .
discussion can follow about how these could be [changed] or improved .

Could the approach to the patient have been modified ?
could the approach to the patient have been [changed] ?

Motivation is heightened , factual knowledge increased , and opinions may be modified .
motivation is heightened , factual knowledge increased , and opinions may be [changed] .

On the endboards of his Guide , he states ‘ the drawings profess to represent those grand and beautiful effects which are produced by the action of the sun , as interrupted and modified by air , clouds and vapour , upon the varied surfaces of a mountainous country .
on the endboards of his guide , he states ‘ the drawings profess to represent those grand and beautiful effects which are produced by the action of the sun , as interrupted and [changed] by air , clouds and vapour , upon the varied surfaces of a mountainous country .

However , as elsewhere in this book , details of each case , including the patients ' names , have been modified in order to ensure anonymity .
however , as elsewhere in this book , details of each case , including the patients ' names , have been [changed] in order to ensure anonymity .

By the mid-1980s , the rapid growth of secondary education induced the government to introduce a modified version of the Zintec programme for non-university secondary school teacher training , based in teacher training colleges round the country .
by the mid-1980s , the rapid growth of secondary education induced the government to introduce a [changed] version of the zintec programme for non-university secondary school teacher training , based in teacher training colleges round the country .

Reform would need to be deep rooted , but existing structures could be modified .
reform would need to be deep rooted , but existing structures could be [changed] .

Three main strands to Conservative policy can be discerned from the multitude of programmes that were either introduced after 1979 or that , although initiated before that date , were perpetuated in a modified form by subsequent Conservative administrations .
three main strands to conservative policy can be discerned from the multitude of programmes that were either introduced after 1979 or that , although initiated before that date , were perpetuated in a [changed] form by subsequent conservative administrations .

Introduced the requirement for joint land availability studies between local authorities and private housebuilders , and modified the basis on which availability should be assessed to increase the supply of marketable land for builders .
introduced the requirement for joint land availability studies between local authorities and private housebuilders , and [changed] the basis on which availability should be assessed to increase the supply of marketable land for builders .

When this occurs , Tukey suggests removing half the number of exact zeros and then basing all subsequent calculations on the modified set of residuals , a process known as zero-modifying ( Tukey 1977:223 ) .
when this occurs , tukey suggests removing half the number of exact zeros and then basing all subsequent calculations on the [changed] set of residuals , a process known as zero-modifying ( tukey 1977:223 ) .

It is conventional to use twice the median of the absolute values of the modified residuals as the length of the vertical bar used to blur the smooth .
it is conventional to use twice the median of the absolute values of the [changed] residuals as the length of the vertical bar used to blur the smooth .

According to a potential erosion hazard map produced by Stocking ( 1975 ) , a modified version of which is given in Fig .
according to a potential erosion hazard map produced by stocking ( 1975 ) , a [changed] version of which is given in fig .

These ecological considerations , together with the economic advantages that are apparent , must commend the system as one that has successfully modified a traditional subsistence system into a more economic one without major detrimental effects .
these ecological considerations , together with the economic advantages that are apparent , must commend the system as one that has successfully [changed] a traditional subsistence system into a more economic one without major detrimental effects .

If the original requirements had to be modified , then the fair and wise course would be to entrust the work to one of the successful competitors .
if the original requirements had to be [changed] , then the fair and wise course would be to entrust the work to one of the successful competitors .

He then quoted Hunt 's estimates for the first and second prizewinning schemes and pointed out the saving achieved with Scott 's modified scheme .
he then quoted hunt 's estimates for the first and second prizewinning schemes and pointed out the saving achieved with scott 's [changed] scheme .

The antigen can be a modified toxin called toxoid and it stimulates the body to make antitoxins .
the antigen can be a [changed] toxin called toxoid and it stimulates the body to make antitoxins .

Chapter 6 ( “ Inventory Management for the Retailer ” ) looks at formal models of retail inventory management and discusses how they have been modified by lean retailing practices .
chapter 6 ( “ inventory management for the retailer ” ) looks at formal models of retail inventory management and discusses how they have been [changed] by lean retailing practices .

When all the individual pieces of the garment have been modified and entered into the computer system , the final garment pattern is ready to be cut and sewn into a sample garment .
when all the individual pieces of the garment have been [changed] and entered into the computer system , the final garment pattern is ready to be cut and sewn into a sample garment .

The pattern pieces for each individual pair of jeans must first be modified .
the pattern pieces for each individual pair of jeans must first be [changed] .

Both buildings are inspired by the Classical architecture of the past , but Grand Central , which opened in 1913 , is a modified version of Beaux-Arts Classicism , whereas the Philadelphia station , despite the Corinthian columns , is simplified , abstracted , and stylized , what historians called “ stripped Classicism. ” As a result , Grand Central is dramatic , visually rich in its details , almost Wagnerian ; Thirtieth Street is equally dramatic but in a way that is coolly geometrical and sleekly urbane—not Wagner , Cole Porter .
both buildings are inspired by the classical architecture of the past , but grand central , which opened in 1913 , is a [changed] version of beaux-arts classicism , whereas the philadelphia station , despite the corinthian columns , is simplified , abstracted , and stylized , what historians called “ stripped classicism. ” as a result , grand central is dramatic , visually rich in its details , almost wagnerian ; thirtieth street is equally dramatic but in a way that is coolly geometrical and sleekly urbane—not wagner , cole porter .

In both cases , these intracellular organelles carry their own DNA , with a slightly modified genetic code in the case of mitochondria .
in both cases , these intracellular organelles carry their own dna , with a slightly [changed] genetic code in the case of mitochondria .

I find the idea attractive as a research program because it oers a way in which a known process , constructive interference , modified to act over a space of geometries and laws simultaneously , chooses the law .
i find the idea attractive as a research program because it oers a way in which a known process , constructive interference , [changed] to act over a space of geometries and laws simultaneously , chooses the law .

The Turks adopted the Indian cuisine and costume as well as a modified form of the Hindu caste system .
the turks adopted the indian cuisine and costume as well as a [changed] form of the hindu caste system .

Flagellation and similar rigors introduced into other Italian monasteries by the Irish monk Columbanus were soon modified by the gentler Benedictine rule .
flagellation and similar rigors introduced into other italian monasteries by the irish monk columbanus were soon [changed] by the gentler benedictine rule .

Da Mo , who was probably a legendary rather than actual figure , is also heralded as the founder of kung fu ( wushu ) , a system of hand-to-hand combat that was later modified to produce the immensely popular form of exercise that millions practice every morning throughout China — taiqi ( tai chi ) , sometimes called “ shadow boxing ” in the West .
da mo , who was probably a legendary rather than actual figure , is also heralded as the founder of kung fu ( wushu ) , a system of hand-to-hand combat that was later [changed] to produce the immensely popular form of exercise that millions practice every morning throughout china — taiqi ( tai chi ) , sometimes called “ shadow boxing ” in the west .

She noted that the short and long MAST for geriatric patients have been modified , eliminating the problems .
she noted that the short and long mast for geriatric patients have been [changed] , eliminating the problems .

In addition to women , other subgroups such as adolescents , older adults , pregnant women , psychiatric patients , and Spanish speakers may need screening with modified or unique tests .
in addition to women , other subgroups such as adolescents , older adults , pregnant women , psychiatric patients , and spanish speakers may need screening with [changed] or unique tests .

During the conference , the steering committee modified those recommendations , and they were distributed to attendees for general discussion .
during the conference , the steering committee [changed] those recommendations , and they were distributed to attendees for general discussion .

The effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be modified .
the effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be [changed] .

The double-underlining is intended to alert the reader to the fact that it has been modified or affected by a later statement .
the double-underlining is intended to alert the reader to the fact that it has been [changed] or affected by a later statement .

The fee as originally enacted was modified by the Customs and Trade Act of 1990 to make it consistent with U.S. obligations under GATT ( the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ) after a GATT panel had ruled that the original fee ( a straight ad valorem fee ) exceeded the cost of services rendered and was a tax on imports that discriminated against imports in favor of domestic production .
the fee as originally enacted was [changed] by the customs and trade act of 1990 to make it consistent with u.s. obligations under gatt ( the general agreement on tariffs and trade ) after a gatt panel had ruled that the original fee ( a straight ad valorem fee ) exceeded the cost of services rendered and was a tax on imports that discriminated against imports in favor of domestic production .

The same accounting that is used for post-1991 direct loans is also used for pre-1992 direct loans that were modified and transferred to financing accounts ; loans receivable arising from defaulted post-1991 guaranteed loans ; and loans receivable arising from defaulted pre-1992 guaranteed loans that were modified and transferred to financing accounts .
the same accounting that is used for post-1991 direct loans is also used for pre-1992 direct loans that were [changed] and transferred to financing accounts ; loans receivable arising from defaulted post-1991 guaranteed loans ; and loans receivable arising from defaulted pre-1992 guaranteed loans that were [changed] and transferred to financing accounts .

Characteristics related to useful life are that it : has an indeterminate or an unpredictable useful life because of the unusual manner in which it is used , improved , retired , modified , or maintained or is at a very high risk of being destroyed during use or of premature obsolescence .
characteristics related to useful life are that it : has an indeterminate or an unpredictable useful life because of the unusual manner in which it is used , improved , retired , [changed] , or maintained or is at a very high risk of being destroyed during use or of premature obsolescence .

Post-1991 direct loans or loan guarantees will remain with their original cohort throughout the life of the loan , even if the loan is modified .
post-1991 direct loans or loan guarantees will remain with their original cohort throughout the life of the loan , even if the loan is [changed] .

Pre-1992 loans and loan guarantees that are modified shall each , respectively , constitute a single cohort .
pre-1992 loans and loan guarantees that are [changed] shall each , respectively , constitute a single cohort .

LIQUIDATING ACCOUNT - The budget account that includes all cash flows to and from the government resulting from pre-1992 direct loans or loan guarantees ( those originally obligated or committed before Oct. 1 , 1991 ) , except those pre-1992 direct loans and loan guarantees that have been directly modified and transferred to a financing account .
liquidating account - the budget account that includes all cash flows to and from the government resulting from pre-1992 direct loans or loan guarantees ( those originally obligated or committed before oct. 1 , 1991 ) , except those pre-1992 direct loans and loan guarantees that have been directly [changed] and transferred to a financing account .

Actions needed to accomplish a goal could Page 48 GAO/GGD-96-118 Government Performance and Results Act include legislative , regulatory , or other actions or , when the agency found a goal to be impractical or infeasible , a discussion of whether the goal ought to be modified .
actions needed to accomplish a goal could page 48 gao/ggd-96-118 government performance and results act include legislative , regulatory , or other actions or , when the agency found a goal to be impractical or infeasible , a discussion of whether the goal ought to be [changed] .

Under the modified requirement , hospitals would be required to distribute the statement `` during the course of the hospital stay '' rather than at admission .
under the [changed] requirement , hospitals would be required to distribute the statement `` during the course of the hospital stay '' rather than at admission .

The Commission subsequently modified its proposal regarding resale in a Second Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( Interconnection and Resale Obligations Pertaining to Commercial Mobile Radio Services , CC Docket No .
the commission subsequently [changed] its proposal regarding resale in a second notice of proposed rulemaking ( interconnection and resale obligations pertaining to commercial mobile radio services , cc docket no .

President Clinton modified President Reagan « s policy by requiring the agency head to directly notify the White House Counsel .
president clinton [changed] president reagan « s policy by requiring the agency head to directly notify the white house counsel .

The difference in cost for the first and subsequent years appears to be based on EPA 's estimate that each task required including compliance determinations for the new facilities covered , the overall affect of the modified interpretation of `` otherwise use , '' rule familiarization , and report preparation will be substantially higher during the first year .
the difference in cost for the first and subsequent years appears to be based on epa 's estimate that each task required including compliance determinations for the new facilities covered , the overall affect of the [changed] interpretation of `` otherwise use , '' rule familiarization , and report preparation will be substantially higher during the first year .

Specifically , in the payment processing area , agencies have redesigned or improved existing systems and have formally requested GAO 's views on the quality of internal control designed into the new or modified systems .
specifically , in the payment processing area , agencies have redesigned or improved existing systems and have formally requested gao 's views on the quality of internal control designed into the new or [changed] systems .

The invoice amount , or an adjusted or modified amount , was prepared for payment on a specific form .
the invoice amount , or an adjusted or [changed] amount , was prepared for payment on a specific form .

Modifications to the Traditional Payment Process The traditional payment approval process has been modified over the years primarily through the application of statistical sampling and `` fast pay '' procedures , and the widespread use of computer technology .
modifications to the traditional payment process the traditional payment approval process has been [changed] over the years primarily through the application of statistical sampling and `` fast pay '' procedures , and the widespread use of computer technology .

Streamlining the Payment Process- Acquisition of Goods and Services Verification of Receipt and Acceptance After Payment Authorization ( Fast Pay ) In an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their payment systems .
streamlining the payment process- acquisition of goods and services verification of receipt and acceptance after payment authorization ( fast pay ) in an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or [changed] their payment systems .

Streamlining the Payment Process- Employee Travel Claims Electronic Vouchers , Electronic Edits , and Authorizing Payment BasedonElectronic Validation In an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or modified their employee travel claim payment systems .
streamlining the payment process- employee travel claims electronic vouchers , electronic edits , and authorizing payment basedonelectronic validation in an effort to streamline operations and reduce costs while taking advantage of currently available technology , many agencies have redesigned or [changed] their employee travel claim payment systems .

Several agencies have requested our opinion on whether newly designed systems or modified ones conform to the requirements of Title 7 regarding internal control .
several agencies have requested our opinion on whether newly designed systems or [changed] ones conform to the requirements of title 7 regarding internal control .

While each of the designs had minor differences , they generally called for a commercial software package modified to fit specific agency needs .
while each of the designs had minor differences , they generally called for a commercial software package [changed] to fit specific agency needs .

Under the rule , HUD may also accept an assignment of GAO/OGC-96-33 a mortgage which has been recast or modified to cure the default , but where repooling of the loan is not possible .
under the rule , hud may also accept an assignment of gao/ogc-96-33 a mortgage which has been recast or [changed] to cure the default , but where repooling of the loan is not possible .

The effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be modified .
the effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be [changed] .

As a result of comments from groups representing persons with hearing disabilities and the Office of Management and Budget , the Commission modified its date stamp proposal in the Report and Order .
as a result of comments from groups representing persons with hearing disabilities and the office of management and budget , the commission [changed] its date stamp proposal in the report and order .

Concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been modified to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .
concurrent with downsizing , procurement regulations have been [changed] to allow agencies greater flexibility and choice in selecting contracting methods for acquiring facilities .

Prototypes are developed or modified as part of the second phase .
prototypes are developed or [changed] as part of the second phase .

Changes in size can be expressed Page 76 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks as total lines of code or can be broken out into new , modified , and reused lines of code .
changes in size can be expressed page 76 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks as total lines of code or can be broken out into new , [changed] , and reused lines of code .

GAO follows modified protocols in work leading up to congressional testimony and during investigations of fraud , abuse , or misconduct conducted by its Office of Special Investigations .
gao follows [changed] protocols in work leading up to congressional testimony and during investigations of fraud , abuse , or misconduct conducted by its office of special investigations .

These modified protocols are articulated in the sections of this document entitled Testimony and Office of Special Investigations .
these [changed] protocols are articulated in the sections of this document entitled testimony and office of special investigations .

GAO 's modified protocols for investigations are described in detail in the Office of Special Investigations section of this document .
gao 's [changed] protocols for investigations are described in detail in the office of special investigations section of this document .

If the objectives of the work to be performed change significantly or if the location of the work needs to be modified , GAO will notify the agency-designated central liaison or primary point of contact of these changes .
if the objectives of the work to be performed change significantly or if the location of the work needs to be [changed] , gao will notify the agency-designated central liaison or primary point of contact of these changes .

GAO follows modified protocols for work undertaken by its criminal investigators .
gao follows [changed] protocols for work undertaken by its criminal investigators .

These modified protocols are described in the section of this document entitled Office of Special Investigations .
these [changed] protocols are described in the section of this document entitled office of special investigations .

As previously noted , GAO follows modified protocols for testimonies , which are described separately in the section of this document entitled Testimony .
as previously noted , gao follows [changed] protocols for testimonies , which are described separately in the section of this document entitled testimony .

Accordingly , GAO 's Agency Protocols are modified for these requirements as described in this section .
accordingly , gao 's agency protocols are [changed] for these requirements as described in this section .

These represent a new and a modified information collection that has been submitted to the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) for its review and approval .
these represent a new and a [changed] information collection that has been submitted to the office of management and budget ( omb ) for its review and approval .

It is modified during data collection and the OTTR process and finalized after the evaluation team has read through all the case Page 70 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations Graphic Data Displays materials .
it is [changed] during data collection and the ottr process and finalized after the evaluation team has read through all the case page 70 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations graphic data displays materials .

One such demand was that a method developed for understanding the particular had to be modified for learning about the general .
one such demand was that a method developed for understanding the particular had to be [changed] for learning about the general .

To analyze the effect of fiscal policy on saving and growth , we modified the original model to include a set of relationships that describe the federal budget and its links to the economy , using the framework of the National Income and Product Accounts ( NIPA ) .
to analyze the effect of fiscal policy on saving and growth , we [changed] the original model to include a set of relationships that describe the federal budget and its links to the economy , using the framework of the national income and product accounts ( nipa ) .

The RFP was also modified to obtain more comprehensive information on sub-grantees that receive twenty-five percent ( 25 % ) or more of the LSC grant award , and sub-grantees that deliver a full range of services to a specific geographic area within the applicant 's service area .
the rfp was also [changed] to obtain more comprehensive information on sub-grantees that receive twenty-five percent ( 25 % ) or more of the lsc grant award , and sub-grantees that deliver a full range of services to a specific geographic area within the applicant 's service area .

These procedures do not create new rights or obligations for LSC or LSC recipients and may be modified by the LSC President as warranted , with appropriate notice to the Board and field programs .
these procedures do not create new rights or obligations for lsc or lsc recipients and may be [changed] by the lsc president as warranted , with appropriate notice to the board and field programs .

User feedback is expected early in 2003 , after which the tools will be modified if necessary and distributed .
user feedback is expected early in 2003 , after which the tools will be [changed] if necessary and distributed .

Static non-renewal tests , using 30 ppt modified GP2 artificial seawater .
static non-renewal tests , using 30 ppt [changed] gp2 artificial seawater .

Static renewal test , using 25 ‰ modified GP2 artificial seawater .
static renewal test , using 25 ‰ [changed] gp2 artificial seawater .

Larger or smaller volumes of modified GP2 can be prepared by using proportionately larger or smaller amounts of salts and dilution water .
larger or smaller volumes of [changed] gp2 can be prepared by using proportionately larger or smaller amounts of salts and dilution water .

Modified GP2 from Spotte et al .
[changed] gp2 from spotte et al .

The emission cap is defined by a benchmark emission level that is modified by the desired level ( percentage ) of reduction .
the emission cap is defined by a benchmark emission level that is [changed] by the desired level ( percentage ) of reduction .

AMIGA was then modified to approximate the assumptions behind each of the four scenarios .
amiga was then [changed] to approximate the assumptions behind each of the four scenarios .

Definitions Section 402 is based on the existing Section 402 , modified to include new terms used in Parts A through D and to move to Subpart 1 of Part B the defined terms that are unique to the Acid Rain Program .
definitions section 402 is based on the existing section 402 , [changed] to include new terms used in parts a through d and to move to subpart 1 of part b the defined terms that are unique to the acid rain program .

Allowance System Section 403 is the existing Section 403 , modified to apply to sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances under the new trading programs essentially the same allowance system provisions that apply to sulfur dioxide allowances under the existing Acid Rain Program .
allowance system section 403 is the existing section 403 , [changed] to apply to sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances under the new trading programs essentially the same allowance system provisions that apply to sulfur dioxide allowances under the existing acid rain program .

Permits and Compliance Plans Section 404 is the existing Section 408 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same permit provisions that apply to the existing Acid Rain Program .
permits and compliance plans section 404 is the existing section 408 , [changed] to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same permit provisions that apply to the existing acid rain program .

Monitoring , Reporting , and Recordkeeping Requirements Section 405 is the existing Section 412 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same monitoring , reporting and recordkeeping requirements that apply to the existing Acid Rain Program .
monitoring , reporting , and recordkeeping requirements section 405 is the existing section 412 , [changed] to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same monitoring , reporting and recordkeeping requirements that apply to the existing acid rain program .

Excess Emissions Penalty ; General Compliance With Other Provisions ; Enforcement Section 406 is the existing Section 411 , modified to address excess emissions penalties with regard to emissions of sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury .
excess emissions penalty ; general compliance with other provisions ; enforcement section 406 is the existing section 411 , [changed] to address excess emissions penalties with regard to emissions of sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury .

The remaining provisions from existing Sections 403 and 408 , which apply , as modified , to Parts B , C , and D , have been retained in Part A , Sections 403 and 404 .
the remaining provisions from existing sections 403 and 408 , which apply , as [changed] , to parts b , c , and d , have been retained in part a , sections 403 and 404 .

Phase I Sulfur Dioxide Requirements Section 413 is existing Section 404 , containing without change the Phase I sulfur dioxide allocations and modified to set a new deadline for new applications for allowances from the Conservation and Renewable Energy Reserve .
phase i sulfur dioxide requirements section 413 is existing section 404 , containing without change the phase i sulfur dioxide allocations and [changed] to set a new deadline for new applications for allowances from the conservation and renewable energy reserve .

Election for Additional Sources Section 416 is existing Section 410 , modified to reduce the allocations for opt-in units in the Acid Rain Program to 50 percent for applications submitted to EPA after January 1 , 2002 .
election for additional sources section 416 is existing section 410 , [changed] to reduce the allocations for opt-in units in the acid rain program to 50 percent for applications submitted to epa after january 1 , 2002 .

Auctions , Reserve Section 417 is existing Section 416 , modified to remove direct sales of allowances ( which have already been terminated by rule ) and to terminate the private sales of allowances through the annual sulfur dioxide allowance auction .
auctions , reserve section 417 is existing section 416 , [changed] to remove direct sales of allowances ( which have already been terminated by rule ) and to terminate the private sales of allowances through the annual sulfur dioxide allowance auction .

The definition for `` adjusted baseline heat input '' establishes a modified baseline heat input value , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .
the definition for `` adjusted baseline heat input '' establishes a [changed] baseline heat input value , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .

For example , emissions resulting from the construction of such a new or modified unit may not cause or contribute to the violation of a Class I increment unless the federal land manager certifies that the emissions from the facility will have no adverse impact on the air quality related values of the Class I area .
for example , emissions resulting from the construction of such a new or [changed] unit may not cause or contribute to the violation of a class i increment unless the federal land manager certifies that the emissions from the facility will have no adverse impact on the air quality related values of the class i area .

Further , as provided under Section 110 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( C ) , States must still ensure that the construction of a new or modified affected unit will not cause or contribute to a violation of the national ambient air quality standards ( NAAQS ) or interfere with the programs to assure that the NAAQS are met .
further , as provided under section 110 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) , states must still ensure that the construction of a new or [changed] affected unit will not cause or contribute to a violation of the national ambient air quality standards ( naaqs ) or interfere with the programs to assure that the naaqs are met .

States must provide the public with an opportunity to comment on the impact of the new or modified affected unit on the NAAQS or on any Class I areas within 50 km of the unit .
states must provide the public with an opportunity to comment on the impact of the new or [changed] affected unit on the naaqs or on any class i areas within 50 km of the unit .

The test was later modified for use in the assessment of receiving waters and the effects of wastes originating from industrial , municipal , and agricultural point and non-point sources ( USEPA , 1978a ) .
the test was later [changed] for use in the assessment of receiving waters and the effects of wastes originating from industrial , municipal , and agricultural point and non-point sources ( usepa , 1978a ) .

In some States , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the Title V permit is modified .
in some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the title v permit is [changed] .

In some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the Title V permit is modified .
in some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the title v permit is [changed] .

In some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the Title V permit is modified .
in some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the title v permit is [changed] .

In some cases , the available crane or the crane pricing may limit the largest piece to be lifted , and the construction plan may be modified to accommodate a smaller crane by lifting smaller pieces .
in some cases , the available crane or the crane pricing may limit the largest piece to be lifted , and the construction plan may be [changed] to accommodate a smaller crane by lifting smaller pieces .

The construction plan could be modified to employ the available or most cost-effective crane .
the construction plan could be [changed] to employ the available or most cost-effective crane .

These appear to be in adequate supply and are not essential , since the erection plan can be modified to accommodate the use of smaller cranes , which are frequently more economical .
these appear to be in adequate supply and are not essential , since the erection plan can be [changed] to accommodate the use of smaller cranes , which are frequently more economical .

The Act also requires State Implementation Plans to include a preconstruction permit program for new or modified major stationary sources , referred to as new source review ( `` NSR '' ) .
the act also requires state implementation plans to include a preconstruction permit program for new or [changed] major stationary sources , referred to as new source review ( `` nsr '' ) .

The Act also requires EPA to establish new source performance standards ( `` NSPS '' ) that all new or modified sources must meet regardless of their location .
the act also requires epa to establish new source performance standards ( `` nsps '' ) that all new or [changed] sources must meet regardless of their location .

For mercury , the 1996 National Toxics Inventory was modified based on the 1999 information collection effort for coal utilities and the 2002 MACT implementation for medical waste incinerators , and the 2000 MACT implementation for municipal waste combustors was used .
for mercury , the 1996 national toxics inventory was [changed] based on the 1999 information collection effort for coal utilities and the 2002 mact implementation for medical waste incinerators , and the 2000 mact implementation for municipal waste combustors was used .

Any unit that commenced commercial operation before November 15 , 1990 which is modified , reconstructed , or repowered after November 15 , 1990 shall continue to be an existing unit for the purposes of this subpart .
any unit that commenced commercial operation before november 15 , 1990 which is [changed] , reconstructed , or repowered after november 15 , 1990 shall continue to be an existing unit for the purposes of this subpart .

In November 2000 , in response to direction from the FISA Court , NSA modified these caveats to require that consent for sharing the information with prosecutors or criminal agents be obtained from NSA 's Customer Needs and Delivery Services group .
in november 2000 , in response to direction from the fisa court , nsa [changed] these caveats to require that consent for sharing the information with prosecutors or criminal agents be obtained from nsa 's customer needs and delivery services group .

The plan had now been modified so that the tribals would keep Bin Ladin in a hiding place for up to a month before turning him over to the United States-thereby increasing the chances of keeping the U.S. hand out of sight . ''
the plan had now been [changed] so that the tribals would keep bin ladin in a hiding place for up to a month before turning him over to the united states-thereby increasing the chances of keeping the u.s. hand out of sight . ''

KSM 's presence in Bosnia coincided with a police station bombing in Zagreb where the timing device of the bomb ( a modified Casio watch ) resembled those manufactured by KSM and Yousef in the Philippines for the Manila air operation .
ksm 's presence in bosnia coincided with a police station bombing in zagreb where the timing device of the bomb ( a [changed] casio watch ) resembled those manufactured by ksm and yousef in the philippines for the manila air operation .

Alternatively , some may be modified or removed by a series of three steps ( Figure 1B ) , any of which may be omitted .
alternatively , some may be [changed] or removed by a series of three steps ( figure 1b ) , any of which may be omitted .

The carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .
the carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and [changed] progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .

Sternberg has attempted to apply a modified version of additive factor theory to brain systems using neuroimaging that allows for some of these possibilities [ 15,16 ] .
sternberg has attempted to apply a [changed] version of additive factor theory to brain systems using neuroimaging that allows for some of these possibilities [ 15,16 ] .

These interesting but nonconclusive results in humans spurred us on to use neuroimaging on a modified version of a probabilistic reversal learning task designed by Julia Hornak and John O'Doherty ( Hornak et al .
these interesting but nonconclusive results in humans spurred us on to use neuroimaging on a [changed] version of a probabilistic reversal learning task designed by julia hornak and john o'doherty ( hornak et al .

Since FTI-1 acts downstream of HMGCoA reductase , the stimulatory effect of FTI-1 on sAPP α shedding would not be predicted to be modified by mevalonate supplementation .
since fti-1 acts downstream of hmgcoa reductase , the stimulatory effect of fti-1 on sapp α shedding would not be predicted to be [changed] by mevalonate supplementation .

Most yeast and animal SCF substrates must be post-translationally modified , usually by phosphorylation , before they are recognized by their cognate F-box protein .
most yeast and animal scf substrates must be post-translationally [changed] , usually by phosphorylation , before they are recognized by their cognate f-box protein .

Unless the Freedom of Information Act is modified , access would still likely be limited to approved NDAs .
unless the freedom of information act is [changed] , access would still likely be limited to approved ndas .

Citing a history of racism , including the historically well-documented Tuskegee Syphilis Study , Reid asks rhetorically whether genetics research will result in a “ genetically modified ” white upper class and a lower , dark-skinned “ natural birth class ” ?
citing a history of racism , including the historically well-documented tuskegee syphilis study , reid asks rhetorically whether genetics research will result in a “ genetically [changed] ” white upper class and a lower , dark-skinned “ natural birth class ” ?

The variety of modifications that arise from treatment with H 2 O 2 and the experimental challenges associated with their detection has made it difficult to catalog all the proteins that are modified and all the types of modifications that exist .
the variety of modifications that arise from treatment with h 2 o 2 and the experimental challenges associated with their detection has made it difficult to catalog all the proteins that are [changed] and all the types of modifications that exist .

In this issue , Leichert and Jakob ( 2004 ) report a general method for detecting cellular proteins whose cysteinyl residues were modified after imposing an oxidative stress .
in this issue , leichert and jakob ( 2004 ) report a general method for detecting cellular proteins whose cysteinyl residues were [changed] after imposing an oxidative stress .

CD36 is widely expressed and may interact with multiple extracellular ligands , including thrombospondin-1 ( TSP-1 ) , long-chain free fatty acids ( FFAs ) , modified ( oxidized ) low-density lipoprotein ( ox-LDL ) , advanced glycation end ( AGE ) products , and collagens I and IV [ 6 ] .
cd36 is widely expressed and may interact with multiple extracellular ligands , including thrombospondin-1 ( tsp-1 ) , long-chain free fatty acids ( ffas ) , [changed] ( oxidized ) low-density lipoprotein ( ox-ldl ) , advanced glycation end ( age ) products , and collagens i and iv [ 6 ] .

This led to the development of a modified enzyme , processed to expose mannose , and to its production on an industrial scale from placentas .
this led to the development of a [changed] enzyme , processed to expose mannose , and to its production on an industrial scale from placentas .

They gave the volunteers two vaccines—a DNA priming vaccine followed by a modified vaccinia virus Ankara ( MVA ) that acted as a booster .
they gave the volunteers two vaccines—a dna priming vaccine followed by a [changed] vaccinia virus ankara ( mva ) that acted as a booster .

Trade rules could then be modified to allow countries to meet this norm by any means , not just by the implementation of strict TRIPS intellectual property rules , as at present .
trade rules could then be [changed] to allow countries to meet this norm by any means , not just by the implementation of strict trips intellectual property rules , as at present .

This result indicates that the inhibitory activity of CAP is restricted to one side of the cells , thus demonstrating that actin dynamics can be independently modified at opposite poles of an epithelium .
this result indicates that the inhibitory activity of cap is restricted to one side of the cells , thus demonstrating that actin dynamics can be independently [changed] at opposite poles of an epithelium .

The list would be on a public Web site where these targets and the predicted functions could be examined and modified by alternative or additional predictions from other groups to guide future experimentation .
the list would be on a public web site where these targets and the predicted functions could be examined and [changed] by alternative or additional predictions from other groups to guide future experimentation .

Translating Knowledge of Exercise Biology to Novel Therapeutics Greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode , intensity , and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits ( e.g. , treatment of dyslipidemia [ 13 ] , control of body weight [ 14 ] , or prevention of diabetes [ 15 ] ) .
translating knowledge of exercise biology to novel therapeutics greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are [changed] in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode , intensity , and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits ( e.g. , treatment of dyslipidemia [ 13 ] , control of body weight [ 14 ] , or prevention of diabetes [ 15 ] ) .

In 1967 , Lacy 's group described a novel collagenase-based method ( later modified by Dr. Camillo Ricordi , then working with Dr. Lacy ) to isolate islets , paving the way for future in vitro and in vivo islet experiments [ 9 ] .
in 1967 , lacy 's group described a novel collagenase-based method ( later [changed] by dr. camillo ricordi , then working with dr. lacy ) to isolate islets , paving the way for future in vitro and in vivo islet experiments [ 9 ] .

The modified version of the flow cell ( see Figure 1 ) is enclosed within a three-piece metal casing with a flat platform permanently affixed to a circular vertical support , which is in turn connected to a screw-on cap .
the [changed] version of the flow cell ( see figure 1 ) is enclosed within a three-piece metal casing with a flat platform permanently affixed to a circular vertical support , which is in turn connected to a screw-on cap .

Optical Station and Image Capture The flow cell was positioned on the stage of a modified BX2 Olympus ( Tokyo , Japan ) compound microscope equipped with a 10Ã— objective lens and a high-pressure 100 W mercury burner arc lamp as a light source .
optical station and image capture the flow cell was positioned on the stage of a [changed] bx2 olympus ( tokyo , japan ) compound microscope equipped with a 10ã— objective lens and a high-pressure 100 w mercury burner arc lamp as a light source .

We next modified the flow cells with a disposable , microporous membrane filter for lymphocyte capture .
we next [changed] the flow cells with a disposable , microporous membrane filter for lymphocyte capture .

To confirm that cells could be adequately captured , 33 Î¼l of unprocessed whole blood from non-HIV-infected participants was incubated for 8 min with fluorophore-conjugated anti-CD4 antibodies , and delivered by a peristaltic pump to the modified microfluidics chip .
to confirm that cells could be adequately captured , 33 î¼l of unprocessed whole blood from non-hiv-infected participants was incubated for 8 min with fluorophore-conjugated anti-cd4 antibodies , and delivered by a peristaltic pump to the [changed] microfluidics chip .

This doseâ€ “ response study established proof of the concept that a modified microfluidic flow cell and a digital image analysis system can accurately detect and measure populations of whole blood lymphocytes labeled with fluorescent markers .
this doseâ€ “ response study established proof of the concept that a [changed] microfluidic flow cell and a digital image analysis system can accurately detect and measure populations of whole blood lymphocytes labeled with fluorescent markers .

As satisfying as the result was , it immediately gave birth to another mystery : if the enormous diversity of sex determination systems are all derived from a common ancestor , how could they possibly have been modified so radically ?
as satisfying as the result was , it immediately gave birth to another mystery : if the enormous diversity of sex determination systems are all derived from a common ancestor , how could they possibly have been [changed] so radically ?

To solve the problem of cell penetration , most researchers have either complexed the RNA with a lipid or modified the RNA 's phosphate backbone to minimize its charge .
to solve the problem of cell penetration , most researchers have either complexed the rna with a lipid or [changed] the rna 's phosphate backbone to minimize its charge .

Methods Patients and Samples All patients had resected stage III or IV melanoma , as determined by the 1988 modified American Joint Commission on Cancer staging system .
methods patients and samples all patients had resected stage iii or iv melanoma , as determined by the 1988 [changed] american joint commission on cancer staging system .

The following morning , viable cells were isolated by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the appropriate concentration in a solution of 90 % Iscove 's Modified Dulbecco 's Medium ( IMDM ) and 10 % fetal bovine serum ( FBS ) .
the following morning , viable cells were isolated by ficoll density centrifugation , washed , and resuspended to the appropriate concentration in a solution of 90 % iscove 's [changed] dulbecco 's medium ( imdm ) and 10 % fetal bovine serum ( fbs ) .

Cells were plated in 24-well plates at a density of 10 6 cells per well , allowed to adhere for 4 h , then washed with Dulbecco 's Modified Eagles Medium and further cultured in 10 % FBS in Dulbecco 's Modified Eagles Medium supplemented with 5 ng/ml GM-CSF ( Sigma , St. Louis , Missouri , United States ) to promote macrophage differentiation .
cells were plated in 24-well plates at a density of 10 6 cells per well , allowed to adhere for 4 h , then washed with dulbecco 's [changed] eagles medium and further cultured in 10 % fbs in dulbecco 's [changed] eagles medium supplemented with 5 ng/ml gm-csf ( sigma , st. louis , missouri , united states ) to promote macrophage differentiation .

The latest data supporting the labelled-line model came last October when Zuker and colleagues described mice in which a non-taste receptor—a modified κ-opioid receptor that can only be activated by a synthetic ligand—was expressed only in cells expressing T1R2 , sweet-responsive cells .
the latest data supporting the labelled-line model came last october when zuker and colleagues described mice in which a non-taste receptor—a [changed] κ-opioid receptor that can only be activated by a synthetic ligand—was expressed only in cells expressing t1r2 , sweet-responsive cells .

We employed a modified version of Erik Olin Wright 's occupational class schema [ 12,16,25â€ “ 27 ] , analogous to the United Kingdom 's newly established National Statistics Socioeconomic Classification system ( NS-SEC ) [ 28 ] .
we employed a [changed] version of erik olin wright 's occupational class schema [ 12,16,25â€ “ 27 ] , analogous to the united kingdom 's newly established national statistics socioeconomic classification system ( ns-sec ) [ 28 ] .

For approximately 10,000 years , human beings have modified the traits of plants and animals , giving rise to hundreds of thousands of domesticated breeds that today form the foundation of the world 's food supply .
for approximately 10,000 years , human beings have [changed] the traits of plants and animals , giving rise to hundreds of thousands of domesticated breeds that today form the foundation of the world 's food supply .

Feeding experiments , where hummingbirds are given nectar in artificial flowers of different colours , show no inherited colour preferences ; hummingbirds have temporary preferences that can be modified by conditioning ( Proctor et al .
feeding experiments , where hummingbirds are given nectar in artificial flowers of different colours , show no inherited colour preferences ; hummingbirds have temporary preferences that can be [changed] by conditioning ( proctor et al .

Clearly , other goals must be taken into consideration ( and our model can be modified to include these other goals ) ; however , we hope that treatment equity will be a very high priority during the antiretroviral rollout that is just beginning .
clearly , other goals must be taken into consideration ( and our model can be [changed] to include these other goals ) ; however , we hope that treatment equity will be a very high priority during the antiretroviral rollout that is just beginning .

Pretend `` The Killers '' is modified to the present episode about the pursuit .
pretend `` the killers '' is [changed] to the present episode about the pursuit .

The company 's agribusiness unit , which it had once planned to make the center of its operations , became the target of serious opposition in Europe to genetically modified seeds and crops .
the company 's agribusiness unit , which it had once planned to make the center of its operations , became the target of serious opposition in europe to genetically [changed] seeds and crops .

Given the ongoing uproar over genetically modified crops , an uproar that has played an important role in the opposition to the World Trade Organization and that has become a key trade issue between the United States and Europe , agribusiness certainly seems to be a short-term loser .
given the ongoing uproar over genetically [changed] crops , an uproar that has played an important role in the opposition to the world trade organization and that has become a key trade issue between the united states and europe , agribusiness certainly seems to be a short-term loser .

Half of all the soybean crops and a third of all the corn in the United States are already genetically modified varieties , and the possibilities of using genetic modification to increase crop yields and protect against pesticides , to say nothing of creating vitamin-enhanced crops , are so wide-ranging that it seems difficult to imagine they will be dismissed out of hand .
half of all the soybean crops and a third of all the corn in the united states are already genetically [changed] varieties , and the possibilities of using genetic modification to increase crop yields and protect against pesticides , to say nothing of creating vitamin-enhanced crops , are so wide-ranging that it seems difficult to imagine they will be dismissed out of hand .

To begin with , Monsanto has n't violated any law by selling genetically modified seeds , and in fact its products have been certified by the FDA ( which , needless to say , does not certify `` normal '' seeds ) .
to begin with , monsanto has n't violated any law by selling genetically [changed] seeds , and in fact its products have been certified by the fda ( which , needless to say , does not certify `` normal '' seeds ) .

Just as obviously , the major agribusiness companies have hurt themselves by obstinately opposing things like labeling of genetically modified crops ( which is now required in Japan , the E.U. , and South Korea ) .
just as obviously , the major agribusiness companies have hurt themselves by obstinately opposing things like labeling of genetically [changed] crops ( which is now required in japan , the e.u. , and south korea ) .

These Ozzie and Harriet Jews also modified their observances for the 1950s home .
these ozzie and harriet jews also [changed] their observances for the 1950s home .

The main story in the British press , leading Friday 's editions of both the liberal Guardian and the conservative Daily Telegraph , was a food scandal about the effects of genetically modified foods on human health .
the main story in the british press , leading friday 's editions of both the liberal guardian and the conservative daily telegraph , was a food scandal about the effects of genetically [changed] foods on human health .

A British scientist at a government-funded institute in Aberdeen , Scotland , who had been forced to retire early after publishing research showing that rats fed on genetically modified potatoes suffered a weakened immune system and damage to vital organs , has been supported in `` an unprecedented memorandum '' by 20 scientists from 13 countries calling for his rehabilitation , the reports said .
a british scientist at a government-funded institute in aberdeen , scotland , who had been forced to retire early after publishing research showing that rats fed on genetically [changed] potatoes suffered a weakened immune system and damage to vital organs , has been supported in `` an unprecedented memorandum '' by 20 scientists from 13 countries calling for his rehabilitation , the reports said .

Some think Gingrich has modified his behavior because he is still fighting for survival , trying to appease the House Republicans who plotted to overthrow him and might plot again .
some think gingrich has [changed] his behavior because he is still fighting for survival , trying to appease the house republicans who plotted to overthrow him and might plot again .

The two threatened to walk out of the Republican National Convention if the GOP modified its uncompromising anti-abortion plank or if Bob Dole picked a pro-choice running mate such as Colin Powell .
the two threatened to walk out of the republican national convention if the gop [changed] its uncompromising anti-abortion plank or if bob dole picked a pro-choice running mate such as colin powell .

Thus , in 1996 Reed threw his weight behind Dole early in the primary season and flirted with the idea of accepting modified language on abortion in the GOP platform .
thus , in 1996 reed threw his weight behind dole early in the primary season and flirted with the idea of accepting [changed] language on abortion in the gop platform .

In an editorial about an antitrust challenge to the U.S. genetically modified food industry by farmers and pressure groups alleging misuse of intellectual property to restrict competition , the Financial Times took the side of the underdogs .
in an editorial about an antitrust challenge to the u.s. genetically [changed] food industry by farmers and pressure groups alleging misuse of intellectual property to restrict competition , the financial times took the side of the underdogs .

The cover story demystifies genetically modified food .
the cover story demystifies genetically [changed] food .

Nearly all produce is a product of man-bred hybrids , genetically modified food is n't toxic , and genetic manipulation reduces the need for chemicals .
nearly all produce is a product of man-bred hybrids , genetically [changed] food is n't toxic , and genetic manipulation reduces the need for chemicals .

The Sydney Morning Herald ran an editorial Monday anticipating another collision with the United States over genetically modified foods .
the sydney morning herald ran an editorial monday anticipating another collision with the united states over genetically [changed] foods .

The FT was also against bans on foreign food imports , including American genetically modified foods .
the ft was also against bans on foreign food imports , including american genetically [changed] foods .

Le Monde of Paris led its front page Thursday on the tension between Europe and the United States over genetically modified ( GM ) crops .
le monde of paris led its front page thursday on the tension between europe and the united states over genetically [changed] ( gm ) crops .

An item in Britain 's Observer Sunday reported that world leaders meeting at the G-8 summit in Cologne , Germany , designated genetically modified food as one of the `` greatest threats facing the planet '' -- along with AIDS and the millennium bug .
an item in britain 's observer sunday reported that world leaders meeting at the g-8 summit in cologne , germany , designated genetically [changed] food as one of the `` greatest threats facing the planet '' -- along with aids and the millennium bug .

The topic of GM food has been widely debated in Europe but is seldom raised in the United States , where , according to the Observer , `` some 70 million acres of modified soya beans , tomatos , wheat and cotton are now grown . ''
the topic of gm food has been widely debated in europe but is seldom raised in the united states , where , according to the observer , `` some 70 million acres of [changed] soya beans , tomatos , wheat and cotton are now grown . ''

Saturday 's Guardian featured a long piece about GM crops in India and reported that a group of 500 Indian farmers went to Cologne to protest what they see as Monsanto Co. 's attempts to make farmers dependent on genetically modified cotton crops .
saturday 's guardian featured a long piece about gm crops in india and reported that a group of 500 indian farmers went to cologne to protest what they see as monsanto co. 's attempts to make farmers dependent on genetically [changed] cotton crops .

Second , I did urge that the study 's conclusions be modified -- six months before it was released to the public .
second , i did urge that the study 's conclusions be [changed] -- six months before it was released to the public .

Although I speak with an English accent , my pronunciation can be modified to American English .
although i speak with an english accent , my pronunciation can be [changed] to american english .

Call it the `` modified limited hangout '' strategy ...
call it the `` [changed] limited hangout '' strategy ...

Where he tries to lay out a policy agenda , as in his recent book The Future of American Progressivism ( co-written with Roberto Mangabeira Unger ) , I think he oscillates between dreary , conventional ideas ( public financing of campaigns , class-based rather race-based affirmative action , a consumption tax ) and utterly impractical ones ( a modified parliamentary system , explicit economic redistribution , mandatory voting ) .
where he tries to lay out a policy agenda , as in his recent book the future of american progressivism ( co-written with roberto mangabeira unger ) , i think he oscillates between dreary , conventional ideas ( public financing of campaigns , class-based rather race-based affirmative action , a consumption tax ) and utterly impractical ones ( a [changed] parliamentary system , explicit economic redistribution , mandatory voting ) .

Without knowing it , Diana revived and modified the medieval tradition of the 'royal touch , ' bringing hope if not healing to the suffering and the dying . ''
without knowing it , diana revived and [changed] the medieval tradition of the 'royal touch , ' bringing hope if not healing to the suffering and the dying . ''

The LAT leads with an exclusive : that a `` rogue operation '' of officials within the ATF accelerated the approval of import permits for 150,000 modified assault weapons so that the guns could be sold legally , despite the officials ' full awareness of President Clinton 's clear intent to keep such guns out of the country .
the lat leads with an exclusive : that a `` rogue operation '' of officials within the atf accelerated the approval of import permits for 150,000 [changed] assault weapons so that the guns could be sold legally , despite the officials ' full awareness of president clinton 's clear intent to keep such guns out of the country .

It is a meritocratic system considerably modified .
it is a meritocratic system considerably [changed] .

The treaty also requires exporters to secure permission from target countries before importing `` living modified organisms '' such as genetically altered seeds .
the treaty also requires exporters to secure permission from target countries before importing `` living [changed] organisms '' such as genetically altered seeds .

Nonetheless , Greenspan was surprisingly interesting on subjects like European hostility to genetically modified food and the persistent anxiety that many American workers feel in the face of technological change .
nonetheless , greenspan was surprisingly interesting on subjects like european hostility to genetically [changed] food and the persistent anxiety that many american workers feel in the face of technological change .

In answer to a follow-up question from Jennings , Gore modified his answer slightly .
in answer to a follow-up question from jennings , gore [changed] his answer slightly .

It said five members of the European Union -- France , Britain , Italy , Denmark , and Belgium -- have accused the European Commission of going beyond its mandate by proposing a compromise that would allow discussion of genetically modified foods .
it said five members of the european union -- france , britain , italy , denmark , and belgium -- have accused the european commission of going beyond its mandate by proposing a compromise that would allow discussion of genetically [changed] foods .

Calls upon European Union to accept findings of the World Trade Organization and allow importation of genetically modified farm products .
calls upon european union to accept findings of the world trade organization and allow importation of genetically [changed] farm products .

The cover story claims that food will become a focus of radical politics in the 21st century , galvanized by opposition to genetically modified crops .
the cover story claims that food will become a focus of radical politics in the 21st century , galvanized by opposition to genetically [changed] crops .

It also described the bombing as a step toward initiating a new , modified Cold War and said that Kosovo could turn into a latter-day version of Afghanistan , or even Vietnam , for the United States and its allies .
it also described the bombing as a step toward initiating a new , [changed] cold war and said that kosovo could turn into a latter-day version of afghanistan , or even vietnam , for the united states and its allies .

In Paris , Le Monde devoted a full page Wednesday to the banana war , predicting fiercer trade battles to come on hormone-treated beef and genetically modified foods , and on the European A3XX Airbus , which is due to be launched next November in direct competition with the Boeing 747 .
in paris , le monde devoted a full page wednesday to the banana war , predicting fiercer trade battles to come on hormone-treated beef and genetically [changed] foods , and on the european a3xx airbus , which is due to be launched next november in direct competition with the boeing 747 .

In Britain , a long-running controversy over genetically modified ( GM ) crops took on aspects of a constitutional battle after Prince Charles defied Prime Minister Tony Blair by publishing an article Tuesday in the Daily Mail criticizing the regulations governing their production .
in britain , a long-running controversy over genetically [changed] ( gm ) crops took on aspects of a constitutional battle after prince charles defied prime minister tony blair by publishing an article tuesday in the daily mail criticizing the regulations governing their production .

Blair has repeatedly insisted that genetically modified foods are safe , but the heir to the throne attacked the lack of independent scientific research and said the regulations were not tough enough .
blair has repeatedly insisted that genetically [changed] foods are safe , but the heir to the throne attacked the lack of independent scientific research and said the regulations were not tough enough .

The Daily Telegraph of London led Friday with the news that the British government has decided to impose fines on restaurants and cafes that fail to tell customers they are serving genetically modified food .
the daily telegraph of london led friday with the news that the british government has decided to impose fines on restaurants and cafes that fail to tell customers they are serving genetically [changed] food .

Modified eating with no physical exertion would be like putting lipstick on a donkey -- perfectly pointless .
[changed] eating with no physical exertion would be like putting lipstick on a donkey -- perfectly pointless .

The attention grew as Karenga modified his rhetoric to appeal to a broader audience , and as interest in multiculturalism burgeoned in the late 1980s .
the attention grew as karenga [changed] his rhetoric to appeal to a broader audience , and as interest in multiculturalism burgeoned in the late 1980s .

Although Clinton recently modified his proposal to give control to an independent board , he allowed the Department of Education to participate in the early stages of test preparation .
although clinton recently [changed] his proposal to give control to an independent board , he allowed the department of education to participate in the early stages of test preparation .

Hunkering Down : For the rest of the week I follow a modified limited-hangout strategy , saying things like , we 'll just have to wait and see , the evidence is n't in yet , we just are n't in a position to explain anything more .
hunkering down : for the rest of the week i follow a [changed] limited-hangout strategy , saying things like , we 'll just have to wait and see , the evidence is n't in yet , we just are n't in a position to explain anything more .

Essentially , he proposes that the parent of all Indo-European languages was itself born in central Anatolia , whence it spread eastward , westward , and northward , being modified by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact , till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable , modern manifestations which we categorize into Germanic , Hellenic , Italic , Indo-Iranian , Anatolian , Armenian , Celtic , Tocharian , Albanian , and BaltoSlavic .
essentially , he proposes that the parent of all indo-european languages was itself born in central anatolia , whence it spread eastward , westward , and northward , being [changed] by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact , till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable , modern manifestations which we categorize into germanic , hellenic , italic , indo-iranian , anatolian , armenian , celtic , tocharian , albanian , and baltoslavic .

It will be noticed that in each of these examples the meaning of the various modifiers is basically the same , but different words are used to express it , depending on the word that is modified .
it will be noticed that in each of these examples the meaning of the various modifiers is basically the same , but different words are used to express it , depending on the word that is [changed] .

As Koslowska correctly points out , the choice of adverb or adjective depends largely on the verb , adverb , or substantive being modified .
as koslowska correctly points out , the choice of adverb or adjective depends largely on the verb , adverb , or substantive being [changed] .

It is set forth [ p.21 ] that contrive something can be modified by brilliantly , neatly , or skilfully only in the [ PASSIVE ] , with cleverly , ingeniously restricted to its [ ACTIVE/PASSIVE ] reflexes ; but that is not so , for we can say , They brilliantly/neatly/skilfully/treacherously/nefariously ... contrived to make the blame fall on the chairman .
it is set forth [ p.21 ] that contrive something can be [changed] by brilliantly , neatly , or skilfully only in the [ passive ] , with cleverly , ingeniously restricted to its [ active/passive ] reflexes ; but that is not so , for we can say , they brilliantly/neatly/skilfully/treacherously/nefariously ... contrived to make the blame fall on the chairman .

One of the most basic rules of grammar , that decreeing agreement in number of indefinite article or demonstrative pronoun with the noun modified , is , apparently , no longer seen as binding .
one of the most basic rules of grammar , that decreeing agreement in number of indefinite article or demonstrative pronoun with the noun [changed] , is , apparently , no longer seen as binding .

Turning to the illustrations ( including the black-and-white maps ) in the RHD2e , it must be said that the originals were a model of clarity and detail : I know , for as Managing Editor , it was among my responsibilities to commission them and to accept or reject completed artwork or to have it modified .
turning to the illustrations ( including the black-and-white maps ) in the rhd2e , it must be said that the originals were a model of clarity and detail : i know , for as managing editor , it was among my responsibilities to commission them and to accept or reject completed artwork or to have it [changed] .

The original architecture was Andalusian filtered through the tastes and customs of Mexico ( then called New Spain ) and further modified by the materials available and the centuries-old experience of the Pueblo Indians .
the original architecture was andalusian filtered through the tastes and customs of mexico ( then called new spain ) and further [changed] by the materials available and the centuries-old experience of the pueblo indians .

Others , Hispanic and Anglo , came to see in this revival commercial potential , and modified versions of the old Pueblo and Territorial styles have dominated , indeed monopolized , architecture in the capital ever since .
others , hispanic and anglo , came to see in this revival commercial potential , and [changed] versions of the old pueblo and territorial styles have dominated , indeed monopolized , architecture in the capital ever since .

Though there are plenty of examples to show that some namers of streets in Santa Fe are aware that in Spanish a definitive modifier follows the modified word , so that there are streets properly named , for instance , Camino Cerrito , Calle Lorca , or Plaza Fatima , there are other street names that betray oblivion to this grammatical rule , for example : Monte Vista Place or Cielo Vista Court where Monte Vista and Cielo Vista are supposed to mean respectively Mountain View and Sky View but , so far as they signify anything , really mean View Mountain and View Sky or Heaven .
though there are plenty of examples to show that some namers of streets in santa fe are aware that in spanish a definitive modifier follows the [changed] word , so that there are streets properly named , for instance , camino cerrito , calle lorca , or plaza fatima , there are other street names that betray oblivion to this grammatical rule , for example : monte vista place or cielo vista court where monte vista and cielo vista are supposed to mean respectively mountain view and sky view but , so far as they signify anything , really mean view mountain and view sky or heaven .

English has a wealth of modified spellings ranging from wot and rite , comin ' and 'ad , yuh and gon na , snax and pleez , to thru and Xpelair .
english has a wealth of [changed] spellings ranging from wot and rite , comin ' and 'ad , yuh and gon na , snax and pleez , to thru and xpelair .

From the sheer numerical point of view , there can be no doubt that literature provides us with most examples of modified spellings , the vast majority in fact being found in dialogues in novels .
from the sheer numerical point of view , there can be no doubt that literature provides us with most examples of [changed] spellings , the vast majority in fact being found in dialogues in novels .

The use of such modified spelling in literature is generally referred to as eye dialect ( see definitions in the Random House Unabridged and the Oxford Companion to the English Language ) .
the use of such [changed] spelling in literature is generally referred to as eye dialect ( see definitions in the random house unabridged and the oxford companion to the english language ) .

To bring some order to this possible chaos , a set of unwritten rules has emerged for the use of modified spelling in direct speech in novels .
to bring some order to this possible chaos , a set of unwritten rules has emerged for the use of [changed] spelling in direct speech in novels .

In other words , just a handful of well-chosen modified spellings indicating that a character 's speech is nonstandard should be enough to convince readers of the mock speech reality the author is trying to create .
in other words , just a handful of well-chosen [changed] spellings indicating that a character 's speech is nonstandard should be enough to convince readers of the mock speech reality the author is trying to create .

A sprinkling of dropped hs or modified conjunctions is often quite enough .
a sprinkling of dropped hs or [changed] conjunctions is often quite enough .

Likewise when English-based pidgins and creoles are written down , the phonetic transcriptions use a similar system of modified spellings to indicate pronunciation .
likewise when english-based pidgins and creoles are written down , the phonetic transcriptions use a similar system of [changed] spellings to indicate pronunciation .

Wot as a modified spelling of what is not restricted to novels .
wot as a [changed] spelling of what is not restricted to novels .

For similar reasons , trade names often employ modified spellings , particularly when two or more words are put together to make a brand name .
for similar reasons , trade names often employ [changed] spellings , particularly when two or more words are put together to make a brand name .

In a few cases , a modified spelling can move into an everyday ( standard ? )
in a few cases , a [changed] spelling can move into an everyday ( standard ? )

Of course , some language purists object to all forms of modified spelling outside dialogues in novels .
of course , some language purists object to all forms of [changed] spelling outside dialogues in novels .

It is often impossible for translators , for example , to transfer the implications and undercurrents suggested by modified English spellings into another language .
it is often impossible for translators , for example , to transfer the implications and undercurrents suggested by [changed] english spellings into another language .

In general , new additions to the alphabet fall into the following categories : 1. letters with diacritics ( ä , é ) , 2. modified letters ( \ ? \ , \ ? \ ) , 3. ligatures ( œ , æ , β , & ) , 4. digraphs ( ch , sz ) , 5. numbers and modified numbers , 6. punctuation marks and other non-alphabetic characters ( ! , # , ' ) , 7. letters from non-Roman alphabets ( þ , \ ? \ ) .
in general , new additions to the alphabet fall into the following categories : 1. letters with diacritics ( ä , é ) , 2. [changed] letters ( \ ? \ , \ ? \ ) , 3. ligatures ( œ , æ , β , & ) , 4. digraphs ( ch , sz ) , 5. numbers and [changed] numbers , 6. punctuation marks and other non-alphabetic characters ( ! , # , ' ) , 7. letters from non-roman alphabets ( þ , \ ? \ ) .

For the benefit of the uninitiated let me say that lawyers , deluded or not , overwhelmingly believe that with the exception of constitutions and of statutes enacted by legislatures ( and rules under them ) , precedent is what the law is made of in the United States ; that the law existed before written language in the tradition of “ customs that runneth not to the contrary ’ and continues to thrive in the printed decisions ; that the statutes themselves remain unsettled until rounded out by precedent ; that precedents may become so venerable as to become platitudes but may also be as fresh as the undried ink on today 's appellate court decision ; and that when a lawyer searches for as recent a decision as he can find , in a jurisdiction as near as possible , on facts as close to his client 's case as possible , never overruled or modified , and pronouncing the law as clearly as possible , he is doing what he should be doing and might well be guilty of malpractice for failing to do so .
for the benefit of the uninitiated let me say that lawyers , deluded or not , overwhelmingly believe that with the exception of constitutions and of statutes enacted by legislatures ( and rules under them ) , precedent is what the law is made of in the united states ; that the law existed before written language in the tradition of “ customs that runneth not to the contrary ’ and continues to thrive in the printed decisions ; that the statutes themselves remain unsettled until rounded out by precedent ; that precedents may become so venerable as to become platitudes but may also be as fresh as the undried ink on today 's appellate court decision ; and that when a lawyer searches for as recent a decision as he can find , in a jurisdiction as near as possible , on facts as close to his client 's case as possible , never overruled or [changed] , and pronouncing the law as clearly as possible , he is doing what he should be doing and might well be guilty of malpractice for failing to do so .

Rarer back then was the use of whole phrases as single words as , for instance : to quickly and efficiently do this job , where the verb and two adverbs are treated together as a so-called split infinitive marked by to , instead of the prescribed to do this job quickly and efficiently , where only do is the infinitive marked as such by to and modified by two adverbs .
rarer back then was the use of whole phrases as single words as , for instance : to quickly and efficiently do this job , where the verb and two adverbs are treated together as a so-called split infinitive marked by to , instead of the prescribed to do this job quickly and efficiently , where only do is the infinitive marked as such by to and [changed] by two adverbs .

Some early words for sexual intercourse ( 1798 ) as congress ( 1589 ) persist although considerably modified in meaning .
some early words for sexual intercourse ( 1798 ) as congress ( 1589 ) persist although considerably [changed] in meaning .

When the test is modified to allow phone conversation , the time required for assembly decreases dramatically .
when the test is [changed] to allow phone conversation , the time required for assembly decreases dramatically .

