This knowledge both modifies and dictates diagnosis and treatment .
this knowledge both [changes] and dictates diagnosis and treatment .

Gas injection through a porous anode ( transpiration cooling ) not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes , but also modifies the conditions in the arc itself .
gas injection through a porous anode ( transpiration cooling ) not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes , but also [changes] the conditions in the arc itself .

Foucault thus modifies his argument that reason simply excluded madness and initiated the possibility of history by suggesting instead that the histories of the Other and of the Same are necessarily implicated within each other .
foucault thus [changes] his argument that reason simply excluded madness and initiated the possibility of history by suggesting instead that the histories of the other and of the same are necessarily implicated within each other .

This ‘ lake effect ’ modifies the climate considerably within 40-50km of individual lakes as is observed in the Great Lakes region of North America .
this ‘ lake effect ’ [changes] the climate considerably within 40-50km of individual lakes as is observed in the great lakes region of north america .

When it modifies a diplomat 's limousine , O'Gara-Hess & Eisenhardt fills the petrol tank with fire-resistant foam , and adds about 1,800lbs of high-strength steel and glass that is 1.5 inches thick .
when it [changes] a diplomat 's limousine , o'gara-hess & eisenhardt fills the petrol tank with fire-resistant foam , and adds about 1,800lbs of high-strength steel and glass that is 1.5 inches thick .

The new draft modifies the 1986 legislation in several ways , however .
the new draft [changes] the 1986 legislation in several ways , however .

in child language understanding always precedes production and , what is most important , the adult dealing with the child constantly modifies her output to be ahead of the structures which the child is producing ( Wells , 1981 ) .
in child language understanding always precedes production and , what is most important , the adult dealing with the child constantly [changes] her output to be ahead of the structures which the child is producing ( wells , 1981 ) .

in the second language situation the speaker often modifies his output to the perceived competence of the acquirer , as the hypothesis predicts would be effective .
in the second language situation the speaker often [changes] his output to the perceived competence of the acquirer , as the hypothesis predicts would be effective .

The emphasis is on the individual who inevitably has a unique view of the world which he continuously modifies in the light of experience .
the emphasis is on the individual who inevitably has a unique view of the world which he continuously [changes] in the light of experience .

On the other hand , theorists in the field of Cultural Studies caution against any simple notion that exposure of individuals to cultural representations modifies their behaviour .
on the other hand , theorists in the field of cultural studies caution against any simple notion that exposure of individuals to cultural representations [changes] their behaviour .

Such modifications may be determined endogenously , as a society itself modifies its cultural form in order to cope with circumstances , such as population pressure , or they may be influenced exogenously , as with the impact of the colonial powers in the Pacific .
such modifications may be determined endogenously , as a society itself [changes] its cultural form in order to cope with circumstances , such as population pressure , or they may be influenced exogenously , as with the impact of the colonial powers in the pacific .

Any scientist who modifies the hard core has opted out of that particular research programme .
any scientist who [changes] the hard core has opted out of that particular research programme .

In ‘ Ease , Into Place and Grow Accustomed ’ ( 1987 ) , the steamy blinding oranges , sonorous azure blues and the more synthetic , interior quality of an intense billiard-table green hint at the ways in which colour operates simultaneously on the one level as pre-verbal , as bodily sensation or perception , and on the other as a sign or symbol which modifies or disrupts a system or construction .
in ‘ ease , into place and grow accustomed ’ ( 1987 ) , the steamy blinding oranges , sonorous azure blues and the more synthetic , interior quality of an intense billiard-table green hint at the ways in which colour operates simultaneously on the one level as pre-verbal , as bodily sensation or perception , and on the other as a sign or symbol which [changes] or disrupts a system or construction .

The formal organisation is a structure of relationships and ideas ; informal organisation , in practice , modifies this formal structure ( Blau and Scott 1962 ) .
the formal organisation is a structure of relationships and ideas ; informal organisation , in practice , [changes] this formal structure ( blau and scott 1962 ) .

Such a movement modifies to a considerable extent the nature of the nick point originally formed ( Fig .
such a movement [changes] to a considerable extent the nature of the nick point originally formed ( fig .

It should be noted that even if Core Rule 36 modifies the duty of undivided loyalty as a matte of public law , 65 it will not provide protection where information crosses the wall.66 Further difficulties arise where a manager `` overlooks `` the wall in the course of discharging his managerial duties .
it should be noted that even if core rule 36 [changes] the duty of undivided loyalty as a matte of public law , 65 it will not provide protection where information crosses the wall.66 further difficulties arise where a manager `` overlooks `` the wall in the course of discharging his managerial duties .

The first is whether s48 ( 2 ) ( g ) modifies the common law duties of firms towards private investors .
the first is whether s48 ( 2 ) ( g ) [changes] the common law duties of firms towards private investors .

Thomas modifies this .
thomas [changes] this .

Each species modifies the shape of its many paired legs for particular purposes .
each species [changes] the shape of its many paired legs for particular purposes .

The South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone treaty impliedly modifies the Vienna Convention provisions on treaties and third parties by establishing its own regime , a course that is made necessary by the framing of so many of the provisions of the Vienna Convention in terms applicable only to parties .
the south pacific nuclear free zone treaty impliedly [changes] the vienna convention provisions on treaties and third parties by establishing its own regime , a course that is made necessary by the framing of so many of the provisions of the vienna convention in terms applicable only to parties .

Notwithstanding the above , the context for the determination of this appeal is and remains Structure Plan 1985 , as it modifies or supersedes the previously adopted West Sector Local Plan .
notwithstanding the above , the context for the determination of this appeal is and remains structure plan 1985 , as it [changes] or supersedes the previously adopted west sector local plan .

The parser works its way along the text string word by word and modifies the list of possible ( partial ) parses by incorporating each word as it is encountered .
the parser works its way along the text string word by word and [changes] the list of possible ( partial ) parses by incorporating each word as it is encountered .

The underlying theory suggests that action and decision are controlled in the mind by a multi-level process , each level of which regulates and modifies the one below .
the underlying theory suggests that action and decision are controlled in the mind by a multi-level process , each level of which regulates and [changes] the one below .

The Order applies , disapplies or modifies all references to solicitors in other legislation , to cover recognised bodies .
the order applies , disapplies or [changes] all references to solicitors in other legislation , to cover recognised bodies .

Unless the dieter permanently modifies his or her eating behaviour , any weight lost is likely to be regained .
unless the dieter permanently [changes] his or her eating behaviour , any weight lost is likely to be regained .

Mark , the earliest Gospel , makes it sound as if Jesus does not allow divorce under any circumstance ; but Matthew modifies it to allow that some circumstances may make remarriage legitimate .
mark , the earliest gospel , makes it sound as if jesus does not allow divorce under any circumstance ; but matthew [changes] it to allow that some circumstances may make remarriage legitimate .

Education does reflect social , economic and political needs or pressures , but in doing so it also subtly refracts the image and modifies the pressures — the balance within the relationship is not constant .
education does reflect social , economic and political needs or pressures , but in doing so it also subtly refracts the image and [changes] the pressures — the balance within the relationship is not constant .

First we should discuss the atmosphere , and how it intercepts and modifies the various radiations .
first we should discuss the atmosphere , and how it intercepts and [changes] the various radiations .

But as they do , they give up some of their own energy ; so the atmosphere in turn modifies the radiations .
but as they do , they give up some of their own energy ; so the atmosphere in turn [changes] the radiations .

Some sort of property already exists with pastoralism , Marx tells us , although he modifies this elsewhere [ p. 69 ] .
some sort of property already exists with pastoralism , marx tells us , although he [changes] this elsewhere [ p. 69 ] .

Folded into the page of Vico on which the passage appeared was a bill for candles on the back of which Ash had written : ‘ The individual appears for an instant , joins the community of thought , modifies it and dies ; but the species , that dies not , reaps the fruit of his ephemeral existence .
folded into the page of vico on which the passage appeared was a bill for candles on the back of which ash had written : ‘ the individual appears for an instant , joins the community of thought , [changes] it and dies ; but the species , that dies not , reaps the fruit of his ephemeral existence .

5.7 also allows us to reject an explanation in terms of changes in associability or in terms of the transfer of some specific response that directly modifies test performance .
5.7 also allows us to reject an explanation in terms of changes in associability or in terms of the transfer of some specific response that directly [changes] test performance .

It is not as much a matter of generating meanings out of a text as it is a matter of making connections between a particular verbal text and a larger cultural text , which is the matrix or master code that the literary text both depends upon and modifies .
it is not as much a matter of generating meanings out of a text as it is a matter of making connections between a particular verbal text and a larger cultural text , which is the matrix or master code that the literary text both depends upon and [changes] .

And this experience modifies earlier drafts of their personal blueprint of the social world .
and this experience [changes] earlier drafts of their personal blueprint of the social world .

( 11.3 ) This modifies the form of the line element ( 6.20 ) , which now becomes .
( 11.3 ) this [changes] the form of the line element ( 6.20 ) , which now becomes .

The first modifies an existing apparel design in a few dimensions to improve its fit for an individual customer .
the first [changes] an existing apparel design in a few dimensions to improve its fit for an individual customer .

What we are missing , they argue , is an appreciation of niche construction , the process by which an organism modifies the abiotic and biotic environment in which it is subject to natural selection .
what we are missing , they argue , is an appreciation of niche construction , the process by which an organism [changes] the abiotic and biotic environment in which it is subject to natural selection .

When a piece of DNA carrying the gene of interest is injected as a “ transgene ” into fertilized eggs , it integrates randomly into the genome , and in doing so , potentially modifies the expression of the gene it integrates into .
when a piece of dna carrying the gene of interest is injected as a “ transgene ” into fertilized eggs , it integrates randomly into the genome , and in doing so , potentially [changes] the expression of the gene it integrates into .

If both modulated and unmodulated sensory information is available to the neuronal centers that ultimately “ decide ” on odor similarity , and especially if different individuals attend differently to different kinds of input—e.g. , because experience modifies interactions between glomeruli [ 31 ] —then the derivation of a static perception space that can be applied to all individuals of a species may be quite challenging .
if both modulated and unmodulated sensory information is available to the neuronal centers that ultimately “ decide ” on odor similarity , and especially if different individuals attend differently to different kinds of input—e.g. , because experience [changes] interactions between glomeruli [ 31 ] —then the derivation of a static perception space that can be applied to all individuals of a species may be quite challenging .

The deal modifies the previously signed but unfulfilled Wye agreement .
the deal [changes] the previously signed but unfulfilled wye agreement .

The numbers in the above sentence indicate the beginning of each phrase and subordinate clause -- ( 1 ) adverb clause : “ When people who swing want to see what 's happening ” modifies the verb try in the main clause ; ( 2 ) adjective clause : “ who swing ” modifies the noun people ; ( 3 ) infinitive phrase : “ to see what 's happening ” acts as the direct object of the verb want ; ( 4 ) noun clause : “ what 's happening ” acts as the direct objective of the infinitive “ to see ” ; ( 5 ) gerund phrase : “ attending parties given by hipsters ” acts as the direct object of the verb try ; ( 6 ) participial phrase : “ given by hipster ” modifies the noun parties ; ( 7 ) perpositional phrase : “ by hipsters ” modifies the passive participle given .
the numbers in the above sentence indicate the beginning of each phrase and subordinate clause -- ( 1 ) adverb clause : “ when people who swing want to see what 's happening ” [changes] the verb try in the main clause ; ( 2 ) adjective clause : “ who swing ” [changes] the noun people ; ( 3 ) infinitive phrase : “ to see what 's happening ” acts as the direct object of the verb want ; ( 4 ) noun clause : “ what 's happening ” acts as the direct objective of the infinitive “ to see ” ; ( 5 ) gerund phrase : “ attending parties given by hipsters ” acts as the direct object of the verb try ; ( 6 ) participial phrase : “ given by hipster ” [changes] the noun parties ; ( 7 ) perpositional phrase : “ by hipsters ” [changes] the passive participle given .

Gung-ho , which once had a positive connotation , is now used derisively among servicemen to describe ` individuals or organizations in a state of active and zealous military enthusiasm , ' and usually modifies other words such as “ sonofabitch , ” etc .
gung-ho , which once had a positive connotation , is now used derisively among servicemen to describe ` individuals or organizations in a state of active and zealous military enthusiasm , ' and usually [changes] other words such as “ sonofabitch , ” etc .

