How far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age ? ?
how far and in what fashion did it [change] the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age ? ?

Apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears .
apparently the population as a whole eventually acquires enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to [change] its procedures and its fears .

Upon such hearing , the Commission may affirm , modify , or revise its former action with respect to such claim , including a denial or reduction in the amount theretofore allowed with respect to such claim .
upon such hearing , the commission may affirm , [change] , or revise its former action with respect to such claim , including a denial or reduction in the amount theretofore allowed with respect to such claim .

In plasma generators the superimposed forced convection may modify the picture somewhat .
in plasma generators the superimposed forced convection may [change] the picture somewhat .

The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; ;
the gas flow through a plasma generator will [change] these conditions ; ;

The solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated Poynting-Robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns .
the solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated poynting-robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and [change] the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns .

The physical process of tendon repair is now well documented and efforts are being made to find drugs which speed up or modify the repair process .
the physical process of tendon repair is now well documented and efforts are being made to find drugs which speed up or [change] the repair process .

And how can you tell her you do n't want to play any more games or , if you analyse her reactions carefully you 'll see how some encourage encouraging , that changes your looking , for you , for you 're likely to find she begins to , to modify her behaviour .
and how can you tell her you do n't want to play any more games or , if you analyse her reactions carefully you 'll see how some encourage encouraging , that changes your looking , for you , for you 're likely to find she begins to , to [change] her behaviour .

You have to modify your
you have to [change] your

Yes and you do n't modify you what happens ?
yes and you do n't [change] you what happens ?

Gary 's inability to use his legs means he 's had to modify the gliders so he can fly them .
gary 's inability to use his legs means he 's had to [change] the gliders so he can fly them .

Up and down the country people ring me up and say they 'd like to modify their glider .
up and down the country people ring me up and say they 'd like to [change] their glider .

You could make some alarming enemies if you do n't modify your behaviour and the price you will pay just is n't worth it .
you could make some alarming enemies if you do n't [change] your behaviour and the price you will pay just is n't worth it .

So we , the answer is we do n't really know but it seems common sense to apply barrier precautions and to do everything you can to modify the type of surgery so that the chances of having an injury with a sharp instrument are reduced , and people have made some constructive proposals along these lines .
so we , the answer is we do n't really know but it seems common sense to apply barrier precautions and to do everything you can to [change] the type of surgery so that the chances of having an injury with a sharp instrument are reduced , and people have made some constructive proposals along these lines .

The ability to think on one 's feet is of great benefit to a salesperson , since he will be required to modify his sales presentation to suit the particular needs and problems of his various customers and to respond quickly to unusual objections and awkward questions .
the ability to think on one 's feet is of great benefit to a salesperson , since he will be required to [change] his sales presentation to suit the particular needs and problems of his various customers and to respond quickly to unusual objections and awkward questions .

Because of the consciousness of using the correct level of language in a conversation or discussion , any interpreter one engages may unconsciously modify statements going from English to Japanese and back to English again , according to the rank of the people involved .
because of the consciousness of using the correct level of language in a conversation or discussion , any interpreter one engages may unconsciously [change] statements going from english to japanese and back to english again , according to the rank of the people involved .

According to her biographers , Robert Laguardia and Gene Arceri , however , Hayward ‘ was n't anxious to do with her career what now had to be done : modify her image away from the old-guard glamour to fit the concepts of new directors like Mike Nichols … repulsed at the semi-nude hotel-room sex scenes she would have to play , she did not consider it .
according to her biographers , robert laguardia and gene arceri , however , hayward ‘ was n't anxious to do with her career what now had to be done : [change] her image away from the old-guard glamour to fit the concepts of new directors like mike nichols … repulsed at the semi-nude hotel-room sex scenes she would have to play , she did not consider it .

At the end of October we decided to modify it .
at the end of october we decided to [change] it .

Will also complement existing security systems without the need to modify existing wiring .
will also complement existing security systems without the need to [change] existing wiring .

In many circumstances this might not be a problem , but if you are at all keen on the subject and a little more experienced in circuit design and assembly , you may well wish to make another board or perhaps modify the circuit ( and probably the p.c.b .
in many circumstances this might not be a problem , but if you are at all keen on the subject and a little more experienced in circuit design and assembly , you may well wish to make another board or perhaps [change] the circuit ( and probably the p.c.b .

So let's take a preset patch and modify it to taste .
so let's take a preset patch and [change] it to taste .

Everyone in nursing has at some time experienced the abuse of power by someone more senior , and has been hurt by it , yet the system is difficult to modify .
everyone in nursing has at some time experienced the abuse of power by someone more senior , and has been hurt by it , yet the system is difficult to [change] .

You want examples ? Well , there was the battle of Jenkins ' ear , in which some eastern lot had to be sorted for mutilating the head of the unfortunate Jenkins in the same way as the Pakistanis modify cricket balls .
you want examples ? well , there was the battle of jenkins ' ear , in which some eastern lot had to be sorted for mutilating the head of the unfortunate jenkins in the same way as the pakistanis [change] cricket balls .

Exceptionally , if a government underestimates the strength of opposition amongst its own backbenchers , or fails to anticipate the extent of opposition in the other House , it may be necessary to modify a bill or even have an amendment forced upon it .
exceptionally , if a government underestimates the strength of opposition amongst its own backbenchers , or fails to anticipate the extent of opposition in the other house , it may be necessary to [change] a bill or even have an amendment forced upon it .

Realising that it is far too late in her life to expect her to do more than make an effort to modify this trait in her character , you should see if you can direct it away from the home .
realising that it is far too late in her life to expect her to do more than make an effort to [change] this trait in her character , you should see if you can direct it away from the home .

The engineering approach not only includes the road system designs that are debated in this book , but also incorporates attempts to modify the vehicles .
the engineering approach not only includes the road system designs that are debated in this book , but also incorporates attempts to [change] the vehicles .

As a consequence there is no practical experience and no feedback to modify the approach in the design of subsequent estates .
as a consequence there is no practical experience and no feedback to [change] the approach in the design of subsequent estates .

Whatever approach you decide to take remember to modify your colours — use them emotionally .
whatever approach you decide to take remember to [change] your colours — use them emotionally .

At all events , it is difficult to see how such a gain would do more than very marginally modify the picture which has been outlined .
at all events , it is difficult to see how such a gain would do more than very marginally [change] the picture which has been outlined .

More sober assessments may well modify this view , but the nature of trade unionism and its part in industrial relations remains central to the analysis .
more sober assessments may well [change] this view , but the nature of trade unionism and its part in industrial relations remains central to the analysis .

And , most importantly , show you how to recognise and modify the behavioural patterns which generate stress in your life .
and , most importantly , show you how to recognise and [change] the behavioural patterns which generate stress in your life .

One of the joys of late Thatcherism was the spluttering indignation that greeted Lord Mackay 's proposal to modify the Bar 's closed shop and end other antediluvian work practices .
one of the joys of late thatcherism was the spluttering indignation that greeted lord mackay 's proposal to [change] the bar 's closed shop and end other antediluvian work practices .

Both heat-styling and perming modify part of the hair structure to induce change in the shape of the hair and how it waves or curls .
both heat-styling and perming [change] part of the hair structure to induce change in the shape of the hair and how it waves or curls .

Any special educational provision for a child provided with a statement under the 1981 Education Act may exclude or modify the national curriculum .
any special educational provision for a child provided with a statement under the 1981 education act may exclude or [change] the national curriculum .

They consist in increments of information , which may or may not modify attitudes which may or may not modify behaviour ’ .
they consist in increments of information , which may or may not [change] attitudes which may or may not [change] behaviour ’ .

Moreover , every member of every discipline has a right , even a duty , to challenge , disprove or modify what has earlier been agreed or just taken for granted .
moreover , every member of every discipline has a right , even a duty , to challenge , disprove or [change] what has earlier been agreed or just taken for granted .

But we can also modify our beliefs to accommodate it .
but we can also [change] our beliefs to accommodate it .

In the first place , they presuppose that classes correctly perceive the constraints of their situations and modify their strategies accordingly , and Poulantzas elsewhere acknowledges that it would be extremely rash to make such an assumption .
in the first place , they presuppose that classes correctly perceive the constraints of their situations and [change] their strategies accordingly , and poulantzas elsewhere acknowledges that it would be extremely rash to make such an assumption .

As autonomous actors we create and modify the social world , bringing about events and states of affairs which would not otherwise have occurred .
as autonomous actors we create and [change] the social world , bringing about events and states of affairs which would not otherwise have occurred .

For we may not be able to control the behaviour or attitudes of others , but we can modify our own responses .
for we may not be able to control the behaviour or attitudes of others , but we can [change] our own responses .

Our aim will be to understand and , where appropriate , to modify the potency of these feelings and the way we let them affect us when conflicts arise .
our aim will be to understand and , where appropriate , to [change] the potency of these feelings and the way we let them affect us when conflicts arise .

You should , of course , learn to modify your responses , but realism demands you do something practical like this if you are a physically demonstrative person .
you should , of course , learn to [change] your responses , but realism demands you do something practical like this if you are a physically demonstrative person .

If you tend to express your anger with your actions , by seeing your committed efforts to modify your responses , your partner will be that much more encouraged to speak openly with the belief that he or she will receive a real and fair hearing .
if you tend to express your anger with your actions , by seeing your committed efforts to [change] your responses , your partner will be that much more encouraged to speak openly with the belief that he or she will receive a real and fair hearing .

This is to ensure that instructors can modify while retaining the general path .
this is to ensure that instructors can [change] while retaining the general path .

Modify or maintain
[change] or maintain

The remarkable consistency with which adults and , particularly , mothers modify their language when talking to young children has encouraged researchers to term this form of address ‘ Motherese ’ or ‘ Babytalk ’ .
the remarkable consistency with which adults and , particularly , mothers [change] their language when talking to young children has encouraged researchers to term this form of address ‘ motherese ’ or ‘ babytalk ’ .

But a service worker or secretary is in contact with a wider public ; she is obliged to modify her speech ( and also has opportunities to hear more standard speech from others ) .
but a service worker or secretary is in contact with a wider public ; she is obliged to [change] her speech ( and also has opportunities to hear more standard speech from others ) .

When he soundly supported the principle of women priests they made him modify his statement .
when he soundly supported the principle of women priests they made him [change] his statement .

Those who have accepted ideas about their worthlessness , their impotence or their badness will not usually be able to help themselves unless and until they are able to modify their self-image .
those who have accepted ideas about their worthlessness , their impotence or their badness will not usually be able to help themselves unless and until they are able to [change] their self-image .

The task of the counsellor is to try to help ageing individuals modify their self-image so that it is more in line with reality .
the task of the counsellor is to try to help ageing individuals [change] their self-image so that it is more in line with reality .

They enable powerful members to modify the impact they have within the family .
they enable powerful members to [change] the impact they have within the family .

Or they can modify or substitute new goals which are more readily obtainable .
or they can [change] or substitute new goals which are more readily obtainable .

If the searches uncover similar ideas you may need to modify your invention to get around areas others bagged first .
if the searches uncover similar ideas you may need to [change] your invention to get around areas others bagged first .

It tries to influence new legislation and , where problems are arising , to modify Revenue practice .
it tries to influence new legislation and , where problems are arising , to [change] revenue practice .

Later experiences modify the object of love .
later experiences [change] the object of love .

The ‘ fact ’ of the first premiss covers all and no more than the facts awareness of which would modify spontaneous reactions to the issue in question ; ‘ Face facts ’ will be applicable to the issue only within the scope of this information .
the ‘ fact ’ of the first premiss covers all and no more than the facts awareness of which would [change] spontaneous reactions to the issue in question ; ‘ face facts ’ will be applicable to the issue only within the scope of this information .

That the dish is tasty and that another helping will upset the stomach are relevant facts because they do modify inclination ; that it is a rainy or a sunny day and that the wallpaper is yellow or white are irrelevant because they do not move the child in either direction .
that the dish is tasty and that another helping will upset the stomach are relevant facts because they do [change] inclination ; that it is a rainy or a sunny day and that the wallpaper is yellow or white are irrelevant because they do not move the child in either direction .

They also modify the accountant 's certificate to refer to controlled trust money .
they also [change] the accountant 's certificate to refer to controlled trust money .

Earth scientists should not be quick to modify geological data to accommodate model simulations ; rather , the acceptability of climate simulations should be judged on how well they reproduce independently established geological facts .
earth scientists should not be quick to [change] geological data to accommodate model simulations ; rather , the acceptability of climate simulations should be judged on how well they reproduce independently established geological facts .

Owing to the fact that there are underlying molecular mechanisms that modify these early retinoic acid-induced patterns , the net effect of retinoic acid application to preheadfold-stage mouse embryos is a duplication of the r4/5 Hox code in r2/3 , which ultimately results in a homeotic transformation of rhombomeric phenotypes .
owing to the fact that there are underlying molecular mechanisms that [change] these early retinoic acid-induced patterns , the net effect of retinoic acid application to preheadfold-stage mouse embryos is a duplication of the r4/5 hox code in r2/3 , which ultimately results in a homeotic transformation of rhombomeric phenotypes .

’ One lesson is that the Bank must modify its expectations in Africa , and stop promising instant results .
’ one lesson is that the bank must [change] its expectations in africa , and stop promising instant results .

Now that new possibilities are opening up in the Balkans , they will modify this .
now that new possibilities are opening up in the balkans , they will [change] this .

Section by section it was being revised in the commissions and then approved during the general congregations — despite last-minute attempts to modify it to contain an explicit condemnation of communism .
section by section it was being revised in the commissions and then approved during the general congregations — despite last-minute attempts to [change] it to contain an explicit condemnation of communism .

Boards differed in their attitudes , the best being willing to modify standard tariffs where variations in costs justified it .
boards differed in their attitudes , the best being willing to [change] standard tariffs where variations in costs justified it .

After doing a preliminary design , you would think about it , modify it and then knit it .
after doing a preliminary design , you would think about it , [change] it and then knit it .

Discussion might modify the details , or at most suggest new items , but the leadership was his .
discussion might [change] the details , or at most suggest new items , but the leadership was his .

At the Jennifer Flay gallery , Ann Veronica Janssens discreetly applies elementary geometrical principles to glass panels , mirrors and metal fittings in order to modify our perception of our surroundings .
at the jennifer flay gallery , ann veronica janssens discreetly applies elementary geometrical principles to glass panels , mirrors and metal fittings in order to [change] our perception of our surroundings .

At the other end of the spectrum , many Northern Hemisphere administrators and coaches feel uneasy about law changes designed to increase spectator appeal rather than modify the game in response to arguments emanating from the game 's grass roots .
at the other end of the spectrum , many northern hemisphere administrators and coaches feel uneasy about law changes designed to increase spectator appeal rather than [change] the game in response to arguments emanating from the game 's grass roots .

Hopes were high because it seemed that Britain might be prepared to modify its position : note had been taken of a speech made by Bevin in the House of Commons on 22 January 1948 when he commented that the idea of unity was undisputable and that ‘ the time is ripe for a consolidation of Western Europe ’ .
hopes were high because it seemed that britain might be prepared to [change] its position : note had been taken of a speech made by bevin in the house of commons on 22 january 1948 when he commented that the idea of unity was undisputable and that ‘ the time is ripe for a consolidation of western europe ’ .

It examines important concepts such as needs analysis , goal-setting , and content specification , and serves as an excellent understanding of syllabus design in order to evaluate , modify , and adapt the syllabuses with which they work .
it examines important concepts such as needs analysis , goal-setting , and content specification , and serves as an excellent understanding of syllabus design in order to evaluate , [change] , and adapt the syllabuses with which they work .

Syllabus Design provides an introduction to language syllabus planning for teachers who want to gain a better understanding of the subject in order to develop the skills to evaluate , modify , and adapt the syllabuses with which they work .
syllabus design provides an introduction to language syllabus planning for teachers who want to gain a better understanding of the subject in order to develop the skills to evaluate , [change] , and adapt the syllabuses with which they work .

On both of these Wilberforce intervened to modify the idea of local committees and to have the public meeting abandoned .
on both of these wilberforce intervened to [change] the idea of local committees and to have the public meeting abandoned .

In principle , repetitive work is best left to automatic machines but the flexibility of human performance is often needed because slight changes are required either to modify the product or to cope with different materials .
in principle , repetitive work is best left to automatic machines but the flexibility of human performance is often needed because slight changes are required either to [change] the product or to cope with different materials .

These models develop continuously while attempting to modify the external situation ( physical or social ) .
these models develop continuously while attempting to [change] the external situation ( physical or social ) .

If , however , the observed changes are not what was predicted , then he has made an error but he has also learned because he must now modify his view of the situation accordingly .
if , however , the observed changes are not what was predicted , then he has made an error but he has also learned because he must now [change] his view of the situation accordingly .

In either case it is feasible to collect data about a trainee 's performance and modify the presented information accordingly .
in either case it is feasible to collect data about a trainee 's performance and [change] the presented information accordingly .

The Allies modified their strategy , as readers will see in chapter 11 , while the Germans — satisfied they had repulsed a possible invasion attempt — did not modify their posture defending major ports and paid the price in defeat at Normandy .
the allies modified their strategy , as readers will see in chapter 11 , while the germans — satisfied they had repulsed a possible invasion attempt — did not [change] their posture defending major ports and paid the price in defeat at normandy .

Of those who try to retain their former beauty , some apparently succeed very well , but without really allowing age and experience to modify this .
of those who try to retain their former beauty , some apparently succeed very well , but without really allowing age and experience to [change] this .

Reverse engineer , disassemble , decompile , translate , transfer , modify or make any attempt to discover the source code of the Program .
reverse engineer , disassemble , decompile , translate , transfer , [change] or make any attempt to discover the source code of the program .

8.6.2 replace or modify the Converted Text of the Work so that it becomes non-infringing .
8.6.2 replace or [change] the converted text of the work so that it becomes non-infringing .

Then the moralist had better keep quiet on the matter , while turning to the social engineer to modify the social situation so that ‘ moral goodness ’ becomes ‘ the best policy ’ .
then the moralist had better keep quiet on the matter , while turning to the social engineer to [change] the social situation so that ‘ moral goodness ’ becomes ‘ the best policy ’ .

But is the consciousness of a beautiful object properly conceived as consisting in two distinct things , consciousness and the object , standing in a certain relation ( of the one being directed at the other ) which makes no difference to what each of them is in itself ? Does not their coming into this relation modify or add to the character of either of them ? Can , for example , consciousness avoid being somehow enriched by a pervasive quality , which could not possibly have occurred except as a quality of just such a state of consciousness , when it becomes consciousness of a beautiful object , instead of consciousness of something else , or ‘ mere consciousness ’ ? If so , may not this quality have a value of its own needing to be counted in when summing the value of the parts and may it not be this value ( rather than the value of the whole as a whole ) which adds to the value of the whole ? Until such questions are satisfactorily answered , evaluation of the principle of organic unities remains problematic .
but is the consciousness of a beautiful object properly conceived as consisting in two distinct things , consciousness and the object , standing in a certain relation ( of the one being directed at the other ) which makes no difference to what each of them is in itself ? does not their coming into this relation [change] or add to the character of either of them ? can , for example , consciousness avoid being somehow enriched by a pervasive quality , which could not possibly have occurred except as a quality of just such a state of consciousness , when it becomes consciousness of a beautiful object , instead of consciousness of something else , or ‘ mere consciousness ’ ? if so , may not this quality have a value of its own needing to be counted in when summing the value of the parts and may it not be this value ( rather than the value of the whole as a whole ) which adds to the value of the whole ? until such questions are satisfactorily answered , evaluation of the principle of organic unities remains problematic .

Most dogs will then rapidly modify their behavioural response to cats in general , and no further conflicts result .
most dogs will then rapidly [change] their behavioural response to cats in general , and no further conflicts result .

The woodpecker finch can even modify its tools to suit the situation ; cactus spines may be cut down until they are the correct length , and twigs may have their side branches nipped off .
the woodpecker finch can even [change] its tools to suit the situation ; cactus spines may be cut down until they are the correct length , and twigs may have their side branches nipped off .

If that fails , they try to modify the theory in an ad hoc manner .
if that fails , they try to [change] the theory in an ad hoc manner .

You could choose to move on different paths through space-time , but nothing you could do would modify the background of space and time .
you could choose to move on different paths through space-time , but nothing you could do would [change] the background of space and time .

They should aim to enable individuals to use their personal emotional and intellectual resources to modify their attitudes and behaviour and to learn new social skills so as to achieve a stable way of life with diminished or no use of alcohol .
they should aim to enable individuals to use their personal emotional and intellectual resources to [change] their attitudes and behaviour and to learn new social skills so as to achieve a stable way of life with diminished or no use of alcohol .

Applications can also be made to the Land Tribunal to modify or discharge the restrictive covenant , but this will of course take time .
applications can also be made to the land tribunal to [change] or discharge the restrictive covenant , but this will of course take time .

He does , however , modify this position slightly in his later writings as we shall see shortly .
he does , however , [change] this position slightly in his later writings as we shall see shortly .

However , Firbas does modify this position when he insists that , as far as he is concerned , this is not necessarily the case :
however , firbas does [change] this position when he insists that , as far as he is concerned , this is not necessarily the case :

Our basic goal is to modify both methods as far as we can to reduce these limitations , and then combine both approaches to converge on the linguistic system we hope to describe .
our basic goal is to [change] both methods as far as we can to reduce these limitations , and then combine both approaches to converge on the linguistic system we hope to describe .

We do , however , need to modify the force of this comment by noting that in Belfast no problem was experienced in obtaining plenty of recordings of sufficient technical quality to be analysable .
we do , however , need to [change] the force of this comment by noting that in belfast no problem was experienced in obtaining plenty of recordings of sufficient technical quality to be analysable .

It is probably in this area that the House of Commons has had most effect in persuading governments to modify their original proposals .
it is probably in this area that the house of commons has had most effect in persuading governments to [change] their original proposals .

Modify the arachnids , said the researchers .
[change] the arachnids , said the researchers .

To the extent that maximising profits conflicts with the public interest , the solution from this perspective is not to modify corporate objectives , but to strengthen the limiting conditions within which companies are required to operate .
to the extent that maximising profits conflicts with the public interest , the solution from this perspective is not to [change] corporate objectives , but to strengthen the limiting conditions within which companies are required to operate .

Others , while having a relationship with the company only in the capacity of member , might prefer the directors to take account of such issues as the environmental or social consequences of the company 's activities , and where there is a conflict , to modify the profit instinct accordingly .
others , while having a relationship with the company only in the capacity of member , might prefer the directors to take account of such issues as the environmental or social consequences of the company 's activities , and where there is a conflict , to [change] the profit instinct accordingly .

Some current trends reinforce this linear pattern , whereas others modify it .
some current trends reinforce this linear pattern , whereas others [change] it .

His later work has tended to modify the distinctness of each of these , as well as exploring problems which arise with particular forms of knowledge ; for example , the fact that the social sciences may involve truths of several different logical kinds , or the difficulties of explicating the kind of knowledge embodied in literature and the arts .
his later work has tended to [change] the distinctness of each of these , as well as exploring problems which arise with particular forms of knowledge ; for example , the fact that the social sciences may involve truths of several different logical kinds , or the difficulties of explicating the kind of knowledge embodied in literature and the arts .

If the structures of knowledge that exist do reflect the structures of the real world , then any attempt to modify or erode them is likely to be unproductive .
if the structures of knowledge that exist do reflect the structures of the real world , then any attempt to [change] or erode them is likely to be unproductive .

The success of change initiatives is dependent upon senior management harnessing the social forces of organization through their role of shaping and guiding values to create , maintain and modify organizational cultures .
the success of change initiatives is dependent upon senior management harnessing the social forces of organization through their role of shaping and guiding values to create , maintain and [change] organizational cultures .

In general , Ford 's use of Participative Management to promote an ethos of change , and modify a management culture grounded in functional loyalties , is an attempt to shift the terms of company politics in favour of those senior managers supportive of change strategies .
in general , ford 's use of participative management to promote an ethos of change , and [change] a management culture grounded in functional loyalties , is an attempt to shift the terms of company politics in favour of those senior managers supportive of change strategies .

An occupier of premises owes the same duty , the ‘ common duty of care ’ , to all his visitors , except insofar as he is free to and does extend , restrict , modify or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .
an occupier of premises owes the same duty , the ‘ common duty of care ’ , to all his visitors , except insofar as he is free to and does extend , restrict , [change] or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .

it compresses the model renewal interval , which increases the opportunities to modify designs and make better use of new technologies ; and
it compresses the model renewal interval , which increases the opportunities to [change] designs and make better use of new technologies ; and

For instance , the reason that to pull someone 's left leg and to kick the large bucket have no normal idiomatic interpretation is that leg and bucket carry no meaning in the idiom , so there is nothing for left and large to carry out their normal modifying functions on ( in general , a modifier needs a semantic constituent to modify ) .
for instance , the reason that to pull someone 's left leg and to kick the large bucket have no normal idiomatic interpretation is that leg and bucket carry no meaning in the idiom , so there is nothing for left and large to carry out their normal modifying functions on ( in general , a modifier needs a semantic constituent to [change] ) .

Information gathered by these excursions into adjoining phases is thus fed back into the previous process in order to reinforce the adopted approach , modify it or cause its abandonment .
information gathered by these excursions into adjoining phases is thus fed back into the previous process in order to reinforce the adopted approach , [change] it or cause its abandonment .

This is then used to modify the scale of the untranslated values in proportion to the position as calculated between a z value of unit scale and a z value for the vanishing point .
this is then used to [change] the scale of the untranslated values in proportion to the position as calculated between a z value of unit scale and a z value for the vanishing point .

Conversely , the graphical functions can be re-drawn to modify the data file and hence create the necessary movement of the part within the model space ( see Figure 7.6 ) .
conversely , the graphical functions can be re-drawn to [change] the data file and hence create the necessary movement of the part within the model space ( see figure 7.6 ) .

Subjects affected by such apprehension will tend to modify their responses in a way they think the experimenter considers them to be healthy .
subjects affected by such apprehension will tend to [change] their responses in a way they think the experimenter considers them to be healthy .

In Lakatos 's own words , ‘ The positive heuristic consists of a partially articulated set of suggestions or hints on how to change , develop , the ‘ refutable variants ’ of the research programme , how to modify , sophisticate , the ‘ refutable ’ protective belt ’ .
in lakatos 's own words , ‘ the positive heuristic consists of a partially articulated set of suggestions or hints on how to change , develop , the ‘ refutable variants ’ of the research programme , how to [change] , sophisticate , the ‘ refutable ’ protective belt ’ .

Those scientists chose to modify the protective belt of the programme by proposing that the initial conditions were inadequate .
those scientists chose to [change] the protective belt of the programme by proposing that the initial conditions were inadequate .

Economic changes , the growth of commuting , and migration movements have all helped to modify the social structure of rural areas .
economic changes , the growth of commuting , and migration movements have all helped to [change] the social structure of rural areas .

And when the novel is published and goes out of your control to modify it , it also goes out of your control to intend the meaning of it .
and when the novel is published and goes out of your control to [change] it , it also goes out of your control to intend the meaning of it .

When the Secretary of State proposes to issue a code of practice to which this section applies , he shall prepare and publish a draft of that code , shall consider any representations made to him about the draft and may modify the draft accordingly . …
when the secretary of state proposes to issue a code of practice to which this section applies , he shall prepare and publish a draft of that code , shall consider any representations made to him about the draft and may [change] the draft accordingly . …

One could try to modify the orthodox account to accommodate these factual discrepancies .
one could try to [change] the orthodox account to accommodate these factual discrepancies .

But more important than this particular theory ( which he was later to modify substantially ) was Lombroso 's role as the founder of the positive school of criminology .
but more important than this particular theory ( which he was later to [change] substantially ) was lombroso 's role as the founder of the positive school of criminology .

In writing , you will discover what can and can not be done , and then perhaps you will have to modify your attention-grabbing murder , if only by having a few fewer porcupine quills .
in writing , you will discover what can and can not be done , and then perhaps you will have to [change] your attention-grabbing murder , if only by having a few fewer porcupine quills .

It is possible to modify the no-arbitrage condition to cover the case in which transaction costs are present ( Modest and Sundaresan , 1983 ; Klemkosky and Lee , 1991 ) .
it is possible to [change] the no-arbitrage condition to cover the case in which transaction costs are present ( modest and sundaresan , 1983 ; klemkosky and lee , 1991 ) .

It is possible to modify these various statements of the no-arbitrage condition to allow for continuous compounding .
it is possible to [change] these various statements of the no-arbitrage condition to allow for continuous compounding .

Any screening programme needs to fulfil several clear conditions : the disease should be common ( or important in its effects ) ; there must be a reliable screening procedure to detect disease early ; and treatment should be available to modify the outcome .
any screening programme needs to fulfil several clear conditions : the disease should be common ( or important in its effects ) ; there must be a reliable screening procedure to detect disease early ; and treatment should be available to [change] the outcome .

Up to and including the 1988 social security changes , the basic policy response to the growing numbers of lone-parent families has been to add to or modify the existing system of benefits rather than make any fundamental changes .
up to and including the 1988 social security changes , the basic policy response to the growing numbers of lone-parent families has been to add to or [change] the existing system of benefits rather than make any fundamental changes .

Antibiotic resistant propionibacteria in acne : need for policies to modify antibiotic usage
antibiotic resistant propionibacteria in acne : need for policies to [change] antibiotic usage

The two theories to be discussed next are of more recent date and , essentially , represent attempts to modify Leibniz 's and Kant 's theories , respectively , in an effort to salvage what is regarded as the sound core of these theories by stripping them of their philosophically undesirable features .
the two theories to be discussed next are of more recent date and , essentially , represent attempts to [change] leibniz 's and kant 's theories , respectively , in an effort to salvage what is regarded as the sound core of these theories by stripping them of their philosophically undesirable features .

With his opening salvos the anti-pluralist has , if anything , merely forced his opponent to modify his own position somewhat , not to abandon it .
with his opening salvos the anti-pluralist has , if anything , merely forced his opponent to [change] his own position somewhat , not to abandon it .

As a result of these pressures we are forced to modify somewhat our style of approach in order to shed light upon certain aspects of our main topic which have remained unexplored hitherto , but this modification of style , as will become clearer in the sequel , does not invalidate our earlier approach , but rather structurally complements it .
as a result of these pressures we are forced to [change] somewhat our style of approach in order to shed light upon certain aspects of our main topic which have remained unexplored hitherto , but this modification of style , as will become clearer in the sequel , does not invalidate our earlier approach , but rather structurally complements it .

In addition maternal and paternal asthma were included in the regression analyses and did not modify the association between independent and dependent variables .
in addition maternal and paternal asthma were included in the regression analyses and did not [change] the association between independent and dependent variables .

Discussing statements like these and saying whether they agree with them or not gives children an opportunity to consider views which conflict with their own and to modify their existing views .
discussing statements like these and saying whether they agree with them or not gives children an opportunity to consider views which conflict with their own and to [change] their existing views .

It is difficult in this case to offer children the direct practical experience that will challenge their ideas and lead them to modify them .
it is difficult in this case to offer children the direct practical experience that will challenge their ideas and lead them to [change] them .

Section 18 allows LEAs to rewrite Statements of Special Educational Needs so that they modify or exempt children from part or all of the National Curriculum .
section 18 allows leas to rewrite statements of special educational needs so that they [change] or exempt children from part or all of the national curriculum .

Faced with this situation , but without any brief to involve themselves in working with the teacher to modify aspects of the curriculum for the class as a whole , nor indeed with any time in which to do it , support teachers are powerless to take action to improve the effectiveness of their work .
faced with this situation , but without any brief to involve themselves in working with the teacher to [change] aspects of the curriculum for the class as a whole , nor indeed with any time in which to do it , support teachers are powerless to take action to improve the effectiveness of their work .

However , others have tried to modify and develop some of the early functionalist ideas , for instance in the examination of the development of paid work among married women .
however , others have tried to [change] and develop some of the early functionalist ideas , for instance in the examination of the development of paid work among married women .

He can observe his interlocutor and , if he wishes to , modify what he is saying to make it more accessible or acceptable to his hearer .
he can observe his interlocutor and , if he wishes to , [change] what he is saying to make it more accessible or acceptable to his hearer .

Certainly one of the things advertising can do is modify attitudes .
certainly one of the things advertising can do is [change] attitudes .

This is , therefore , particularly helpful to the creative people who produce the ads , as they can get very detailed and constructive ideas about how to improve or modify the advertising .
this is , therefore , particularly helpful to the creative people who produce the ads , as they can get very detailed and constructive ideas about how to improve or [change] the advertising .

It is now possible to add or remove elements , and modify whole sections of the commercial , by means of computer systems such as ‘ Paintbox ’ — a system that contributed greatly to Peter Greenaway 's feature film Prospero 's Books — or ‘ Harry ’ .
it is now possible to add or remove elements , and [change] whole sections of the commercial , by means of computer systems such as ‘ paintbox ’ — a system that contributed greatly to peter greenaway 's feature film prospero 's books — or ‘ harry ’ .

‘ There is a power given by the Act itself to the minister to modify another section of the Act so that when the minister does produce that modification … that regulation becomes in fact part of the Act .
‘ there is a power given by the act itself to the minister to [change] another section of the act so that when the minister does produce that modification … that regulation becomes in fact part of the act .

Parliament has thus recognised the unsatisfactory results of the common law privilege against self-incrimination and has been willing to abrogate or modify that privilege .
parliament has thus recognised the unsatisfactory results of the common law privilege against self-incrimination and has been willing to abrogate or [change] that privilege .

Communication is the only two way parallel processes can effect one another , so one parallel process can not access a variable that another one can modify .
communication is the only two way parallel processes can effect one another , so one parallel process can not access a variable that another one can [change] .

( 6 ) On upholding an appeal under this section the sheriff may : ( a ) remit the case with the reason for his decision to the licensing board for reconsideration of its decision ; or ( b ) reverse or modify the decision of the licensing board .
( 6 ) on upholding an appeal under this section the sheriff may : ( a ) remit the case with the reason for his decision to the licensing board for reconsideration of its decision ; or ( b ) reverse or [change] the decision of the licensing board .

( 7 ) On remitting a case to a licensing board under subsection ( 6 ) above , the sheriff may : ( a ) specify a date by which the rehearing by the board must take place ; modify any procedural steps which otherwise would be required in relation to the matter by or under any enactment ; and any decision of a licensing board on any such case shall be valid as if reached at a quarterly meeting as mentioned in section 4(1) ( a ) of this Act .
( 7 ) on remitting a case to a licensing board under subsection ( 6 ) above , the sheriff may : ( a ) specify a date by which the rehearing by the board must take place ; [change] any procedural steps which otherwise would be required in relation to the matter by or under any enactment ; and any decision of a licensing board on any such case shall be valid as if reached at a quarterly meeting as mentioned in section 4(1) ( a ) of this act .

They can modify , adapt , improve , the existing units .
they can [change] , adapt , improve , the existing units .

The rate of correct choices increases with the number of trials , as the rat learns to modify its behaviour ( its direction of turning ) as a consequence of the behaviour itself ( the consequence being food or an electric shock ) .
the rate of correct choices increases with the number of trials , as the rat learns to [change] its behaviour ( its direction of turning ) as a consequence of the behaviour itself ( the consequence being food or an electric shock ) .

In summary , then , animals undoubtedly can modify their behaviour as a consequence of their experiences .
in summary , then , animals undoubtedly can [change] their behaviour as a consequence of their experiences .

The subject-matter may be of a discretionary or regulatory nature and while these elements should not exclude proscriptions against bias they are likely to modify their application .
the subject-matter may be of a discretionary or regulatory nature and while these elements should not exclude proscriptions against bias they are likely to [change] their application .

In Ashbridge Investments Ltd. v. Minister of Housing and Local Governments the Minister had power to modify a clearance order if he was of the opinion that land should not have been included in it .
in ashbridge investments ltd. v. minister of housing and local governments the minister had power to [change] a clearance order if he was of the opinion that land should not have been included in it .

In theory , one action the authorities could consider adopting during a smog is to modify the adverse meteorological conditions or try to remove the pollutants from the air .
in theory , one action the authorities could consider adopting during a smog is to [change] the adverse meteorological conditions or try to remove the pollutants from the air .

Physical , non-biological forces modify climates , raise mountains and sink seas .
physical , non-biological forces [change] climates , raise mountains and sink seas .

How does new learned information become ‘ represented ’ in the brain in the form of new patterns of connections between cells so that it can subsequently be retrieved and modify future behaviour ?
how does new learned information become ‘ represented ’ in the brain in the form of new patterns of connections between cells so that it can subsequently be retrieved and [change] future behaviour ?

As indicated above , the Cuban revolution induced Soviet leaders to modify the view ( hitherto almost as firmly believed in the Kremlin as in the White House ) that the Latin American nations were destined to remain trapped in a position of subservience to the United States .
as indicated above , the cuban revolution induced soviet leaders to [change] the view ( hitherto almost as firmly believed in the kremlin as in the white house ) that the latin american nations were destined to remain trapped in a position of subservience to the united states .

Do we modify our credit acquisition policies ?
do we [change] our credit acquisition policies ?

Continue to apply pressure on the City Council to modify the dangerous junction at the Redbridge ‘ Park and Ride . ’
continue to apply pressure on the city council to [change] the dangerous junction at the redbridge ‘ park and ride . ’

The learner is enabled to edit and modify text in the same way , say , as an adult journalist would .
the learner is enabled to edit and [change] text in the same way , say , as an adult journalist would .

He could appreciate that a collection might become the last refuge and hope for survival of an endangered species , but the knowledge did little to modify his response ; apart from the dogs ' home where he 'd once been bought a sick puppy , it was one of the saddest places he knew .
he could appreciate that a collection might become the last refuge and hope for survival of an endangered species , but the knowledge did little to [change] his response ; apart from the dogs ' home where he 'd once been bought a sick puppy , it was one of the saddest places he knew .

Yet serious studies of the interactions between animals , plants and their physical environment were often initiated by scientists who hoped to modify the natural balance in order to allow sustainable exploitation .
yet serious studies of the interactions between animals , plants and their physical environment were often initiated by scientists who hoped to [change] the natural balance in order to allow sustainable exploitation .

This is what Illustrator achieves and then it allows you to modify the results .
this is what illustrator achieves and then it allows you to [change] the results .

Many users modify existing style sheets but this can bring along huge amounts of excess styling information that you either do n't want or had forgotten was in there .
many users [change] existing style sheets but this can bring along huge amounts of excess styling information that you either do n't want or had forgotten was in there .

Dictionaries of American origin may not conform to English standards and the option should be available within the program to modify the contents .
dictionaries of american origin may not conform to english standards and the option should be available within the program to [change] the contents .

The whole thing is , ideally , completely invisible to the users and only the network supervisor software can modify the various priority levels .
the whole thing is , ideally , completely invisible to the users and only the network supervisor software can [change] the various priority levels .

Once drawn , of course , the line can be modified at will by simply selecting the anchor point you wish to modify and either dragging it or adjusting the handles to alter the curvature of the lines .
once drawn , of course , the line can be modified at will by simply selecting the anchor point you wish to [change] and either dragging it or adjusting the handles to alter the curvature of the lines .

Emphasis must be put on the task , individuals must accept the need to modify their views for its sake , and group effort must be seen to be superior to individual effort .
emphasis must be put on the task , individuals must accept the need to [change] their views for its sake , and group effort must be seen to be superior to individual effort .

Petty 's main contribution was to modify the Agitators ' and Levellers ' position on the parliamentary franchise , and thereby to make possible a compromise with the army grandees and their independent allies in Parliament on that issue .
petty 's main contribution was to [change] the agitators ' and levellers ' position on the parliamentary franchise , and thereby to make possible a compromise with the army grandees and their independent allies in parliament on that issue .

Women modify their demands and their language and explain their intentions in terms which will seem reasonable .
women [change] their demands and their language and explain their intentions in terms which will seem reasonable .

This experiment used an operant conditioning technique in order to modify subjects ' spontaneous pause patterns while they were telling stories .
this experiment used an operant conditioning technique in order to [change] subjects ' spontaneous pause patterns while they were telling stories .

It is clear that other groups , such as the military , scientists and intellectuals , could exercise influence over the party and modify policy .
it is clear that other groups , such as the military , scientists and intellectuals , could exercise influence over the party and [change] policy .

In relation to deserts Cooke and Warren ( 1973 ) provided a standard Geomorphology in Deserts in which they were primarily concerned with desert landforms , the materials that compose them , the processes of debris preparation , erosion and transport that modify them , and the environmental factors influencing all these phenomena .
in relation to deserts cooke and warren ( 1973 ) provided a standard geomorphology in deserts in which they were primarily concerned with desert landforms , the materials that compose them , the processes of debris preparation , erosion and transport that [change] them , and the environmental factors influencing all these phenomena .

Eventually the organisation will modify its form in order to take account of the individual .
eventually the organisation will [change] its form in order to take account of the individual .

Any change to a field will have some knock-on effect on other areas in that it will modify the overall pattern of student choice .
any change to a field will have some knock-on effect on other areas in that it will [change] the overall pattern of student choice .

He suggests that state welfare activity not only produced general efficiency gains for the nation but also helped to modify power and status differentials — a somewhat questionable assertion .
he suggests that state welfare activity not only produced general efficiency gains for the nation but also helped to [change] power and status differentials — a somewhat questionable assertion .

Reappraisal of Planning Permission — all existing permissions should be reassessed according to the same criteria as above , and authorities would have the power to rescind or modify them .
reappraisal of planning permission — all existing permissions should be reassessed according to the same criteria as above , and authorities would have the power to rescind or [change] them .

It is not difficult to see why in unplanned discourses speakers interested in successful communication should modify or correct the interpretation of utterances they have already made .
it is not difficult to see why in unplanned discourses speakers interested in successful communication should [change] or correct the interpretation of utterances they have already made .

It is possible for a contracting party to modify its obligations in a number of different ways .
it is possible for a contracting party to [change] its obligations in a number of different ways .

The Law of Property Act 1925 s84 makes provision for application to the court in such a case to modify or discharge the restrictions , and now , under the Law of Property Act 1969 , similar powers are given to the Lands Tribunal on grounds that the restriction impedes a use of the land that would be reasonable .
the law of property act 1925 s84 makes provision for application to the court in such a case to [change] or discharge the restrictions , and now , under the law of property act 1969 , similar powers are given to the lands tribunal on grounds that the restriction impedes a use of the land that would be reasonable .

If these methods work , they may be used to modify fiduciary duties to avoid any conflicts with what is permitted or required by regulatory rules .
if these methods work , they may be used to [change] fiduciary duties to avoid any conflicts with what is permitted or required by regulatory rules .

These include the development of trade practices which become implied terms of the contract , the use of exclusion clauses purporting to modify or exclude particular duties , and the making of advance disclosure of particular activities which would otherwise amount to breaches of duty .
these include the development of trade practices which become implied terms of the contract , the use of exclusion clauses purporting to [change] or exclude particular duties , and the making of advance disclosure of particular activities which would otherwise amount to breaches of duty .

It does not take account of the fact that in the most intense form of fiduciary relationship , that between trustee and beneficiary , it is possible to modify the `` no profit `` and `` no conflict `` rules in the trust deed or with the assent of the beneficiaries .
it does not take account of the fact that in the most intense form of fiduciary relationship , that between trustee and beneficiary , it is possible to [change] the `` no profit `` and `` no conflict `` rules in the trust deed or with the assent of the beneficiaries .

Exclusion clauses may not , therefore , always be effective to modify fiduciary duties so as to avoid conflicts between fiduciary duties and duties imposed by regulatory rules .
exclusion clauses may not , therefore , always be effective to [change] fiduciary duties so as to avoid conflicts between fiduciary duties and duties imposed by regulatory rules .

In conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .
in conclusion , while it is possible to [change] or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .

( As discussed above , if consent can be obtained this will modify the duty of undivided loyalty and avoid the problem . )
( as discussed above , if consent can be obtained this will [change] the duty of undivided loyalty and avoid the problem . )

Where it is not clear whether a particular rulemaking power authorises the making of rules which modify fiduciary duties , there are four possible outcomes .
where it is not clear whether a particular rulemaking power authorises the making of rules which [change] fiduciary duties , there are four possible outcomes .

Finally , it might conclude that there was authority to modify common law and equitable rules so that the rule modified the fiduciary duty with which it conflicted .
finally , it might conclude that there was authority to [change] common law and equitable rules so that the rule modified the fiduciary duty with which it conflicted .

An allegation that drugs are being supplied as a `` liquid cash `` to modify behaviour at a particular prison may point a sufficient finger at the medical officers working at that prison , even though they are not referred to by name .
an allegation that drugs are being supplied as a `` liquid cash `` to [change] behaviour at a particular prison may point a sufficient finger at the medical officers working at that prison , even though they are not referred to by name .

But the spread of Communist ideas in the middle class had caused the Party to modify its approach .
but the spread of communist ideas in the middle class had caused the party to [change] its approach .

In June/July 1943 , Tommie chose Technical Sergeant Elmer Bland and a small team of specialists to modify Roundtrip Jack .
in june/july 1943 , tommie chose technical sergeant elmer bland and a small team of specialists to [change] roundtrip jack .

Where the home environment seems to be unsupportive in as much as it is highly arousing , strategies to increase the social distance in key relationships , or to modify their ways of interacting , would be helpful .
where the home environment seems to be unsupportive in as much as it is highly arousing , strategies to increase the social distance in key relationships , or to [change] their ways of interacting , would be helpful .

Frugivorous birds , by eating fruits of preferred species in preferred proportions , co-ordinate the dispersal of particular species , so that in the long run , the birds will modify their habitats in terms of the nutritional configuration or the spatial arrangement of the local fruiting plants .
frugivorous birds , by eating fruits of preferred species in preferred proportions , co-ordinate the dispersal of particular species , so that in the long run , the birds will [change] their habitats in terms of the nutritional configuration or the spatial arrangement of the local fruiting plants .

As will become apparent , however , there are several instances where it will be necessary to modify the basic model outlined in this chapter .
as will become apparent , however , there are several instances where it will be necessary to [change] the basic model outlined in this chapter .

Since this simple model was unable to explain the kind of uplift observed along rifted margins there were immediate attempts to modify it .
since this simple model was unable to explain the kind of uplift observed along rifted margins there were immediate attempts to [change] it .

Once created , denudational processes can rapidly modify the original constructional form of a volcano .
once created , denudational processes can rapidly [change] the original constructional form of a volcano .

Preference shares normally carry no rights to vote except on a resolution for the winding up of the company , or to modify the rights attaching to the shares .
preference shares normally carry no rights to vote except on a resolution for the winding up of the company , or to [change] the rights attaching to the shares .

One possible solution , he suggested , would be to modify engineered plants so that they are male-sterile and produce either no pollen or pollen that is inactive .
one possible solution , he suggested , would be to [change] engineered plants so that they are male-sterile and produce either no pollen or pollen that is inactive .

The various values and beliefs that coalesce to maintain , reinforce , or sometimes modify the political culture are not generated in a vacuum ; they are acquired through a process of socialization .
the various values and beliefs that coalesce to maintain , reinforce , or sometimes [change] the political culture are not generated in a vacuum ; they are acquired through a process of socialization .

Divergent influences may modify or dispel values imbued as a result of parental influence .
divergent influences may [change] or dispel values imbued as a result of parental influence .

Some may want to modify its form but do not challenge the principle of it , nor do they seek to change its form through unlawful and certainly not violent means .
some may want to [change] its form but do not challenge the principle of it , nor do they seek to change its form through unlawful and certainly not violent means .

If children were egocentric , the capacity to sustain an effective dialogue would be impossible , for this requires the ability to switch speaker and listener roles constantly , to monitor the effects of one 's messages , and to modify them according to feedback received from the listener .
if children were egocentric , the capacity to sustain an effective dialogue would be impossible , for this requires the ability to switch speaker and listener roles constantly , to monitor the effects of one 's messages , and to [change] them according to feedback received from the listener .

In ( 3 ) , an accurate numbering strategy is rescued by the listener enquiring about the components involved , causing the speaker to modify the description .
in ( 3 ) , an accurate numbering strategy is rescued by the listener enquiring about the components involved , causing the speaker to [change] the description .

This may become relevant if the parties wish to revoke or modify the right , for this can not be done without the third party 's assent , unless it was previously agreed otherwise .
this may become relevant if the parties wish to revoke or [change] the right , for this can not be done without the third party 's assent , unless it was previously agreed otherwise .

If it subsequently acted contrary to the agreement the parties could not terminate the agreement for material breach and deprive it of statehood , or even modify its rights .
if it subsequently acted contrary to the agreement the parties could not terminate the agreement for material breach and deprive it of statehood , or even [change] its rights .

The United States attempt to modify its own declaration in April 1984 was an implicit acknowledgment that it believed Nicaragua to have a valid declaration .
the united states attempt to [change] its own declaration in april 1984 was an implicit acknowledgment that it believed nicaragua to have a valid declaration .

We are used to the idea that quantum mechanics may modify our everyday intuitive notions about the meaning of words like `` position `` and `` momentum `` .
we are used to the idea that quantum mechanics may [change] our everyday intuitive notions about the meaning of words like `` position `` and `` momentum `` .

The situation began to change quite rapidly after the Viennese Exhibition of 1873 , the first major public exhibition of oriental rugs , and by the turn of this century the interest aroused in Europe and America was such that Persian and Anatolian weavers were prompted to increase production and , in some cases , to modify their designs .
the situation began to change quite rapidly after the viennese exhibition of 1873 , the first major public exhibition of oriental rugs , and by the turn of this century the interest aroused in europe and america was such that persian and anatolian weavers were prompted to increase production and , in some cases , to [change] their designs .

From this viewpoint , we have to modify our analysis of the regulatory system in certain ways .
from this viewpoint , we have to [change] our analysis of the regulatory system in certain ways .

This evidence can then be used to modify the contract or allow it to terminate and not to offer renewal .
this evidence can then be used to [change] the contract or allow it to terminate and not to offer renewal .

As far as the Herbert interest was concerned , therefore , Gloucester was put at the head of an existing connection which he was expected to do little to modify .
as far as the herbert interest was concerned , therefore , gloucester was put at the head of an existing connection which he was expected to do little to [change] .

Single events rarely cause a major restructuring of the child 's personality : they occur in the context of a continuous interaction with the environment which itself is not static and which may modify , strengthen or weaken the consequences of what has happened already .
single events rarely cause a major restructuring of the child 's personality : they occur in the context of a continuous interaction with the environment which itself is not static and which may [change] , strengthen or weaken the consequences of what has happened already .

Both parents and child operate within a system of mutuality where the behaviour of one produces effects on the other that in turn modify the behaviour of the first .
both parents and child operate within a system of mutuality where the behaviour of one produces effects on the other that in turn [change] the behaviour of the first .

In the years since 1945 , Japan , unlike many other industrial nations , has received few immigrants whose presence might modify this sense of ‘ being Japanese ’ .
in the years since 1945 , japan , unlike many other industrial nations , has received few immigrants whose presence might [change] this sense of ‘ being japanese ’ .

But given the reluctance of businessmen , their legal advisers , and their legislatures to modify their national law in favour of harmonization measures it is perhaps worthwhile restating the advantages of harmonization .
but given the reluctance of businessmen , their legal advisers , and their legislatures to [change] their national law in favour of harmonization measures it is perhaps worthwhile restating the advantages of harmonization .

Just as firms have to modify what they want in strategic terms with what they can get , so too for government .
just as firms have to [change] what they want in strategic terms with what they can get , so too for government .

We need something else — some notion of judgment which emerges from practical experience — in order to understand how and when to apply ( and modify ) the technical rules .
we need something else — some notion of judgment which emerges from practical experience — in order to understand how and when to apply ( and [change] ) the technical rules .

This led us to monitor the implementation of the programme closely and to modify follow up protocols in the light of our experience .
this led us to monitor the implementation of the programme closely and to [change] follow up protocols in the light of our experience .

Firstly , we are offering a family the diagnosis of a lethal untreatable disorder in an apparently healthy baby ; secondly , the protocol was designed so that we could modify practice in the light of experience ; and , thirdly , families should have choice at every stage from the initial screening test to a confirmed diagnosis .
firstly , we are offering a family the diagnosis of a lethal untreatable disorder in an apparently healthy baby ; secondly , the protocol was designed so that we could [change] practice in the light of experience ; and , thirdly , families should have choice at every stage from the initial screening test to a confirmed diagnosis .

Capacity to modify unachievable goals .
capacity to [change] unachievable goals .

The employees modify their expectations ; some of the trust between them has gone and with it , as Goffee noted , loyalty or commitment to the organization is reduced .
the employees [change] their expectations ; some of the trust between them has gone and with it , as goffee noted , loyalty or commitment to the organization is reduced .

Studies of effective managers show that they are sensitive to the needs of a situation and modify their influencing styles accordingly . The following are some of the tactics researchers have observed in effective managers :
studies of effective managers show that they are sensitive to the needs of a situation and [change] their influencing styles accordingly . the following are some of the tactics researchers have observed in effective managers :

The most appealing strategy is integration or collaboration , by which groups in conflict modify their views and seek a third alternative .
the most appealing strategy is integration or collaboration , by which groups in conflict [change] their views and seek a third alternative .

It should be possible to search for specified strings of text and modify these either individually or collectively .
it should be possible to search for specified strings of text and [change] these either individually or collectively .

When selecting work from queues , priority should be given to processes which modify text , and therefore make it unavailable to users ; otherwise , priority should be given to tasks which make the least use of system resources .
when selecting work from queues , priority should be given to processes which [change] text , and therefore make it unavailable to users ; otherwise , priority should be given to tasks which make the least use of system resources .

it must not be possible to modify archived material ; system users may not have access to archive material but may read copies of it provided by the system manager
it must not be possible to [change] archived material ; system users may not have access to archive material but may read copies of it provided by the system manager

During the automatic processing stage an attempt was made to locate the targets indicated by the cross-references , and so validate them , and , where necessary modify them in the light of changes made to entries during automatic integration .
during the automatic processing stage an attempt was made to locate the targets indicated by the cross-references , and so validate them , and , where necessary [change] them in the light of changes made to entries during automatic integration .

In particular the on- loan flag serves as a lock to ensure that only one lexicographer may modify the contents of an entry at any given time .
in particular the on- loan flag serves as a lock to ensure that only one lexicographer may [change] the contents of an entry at any given time .

In addition to the requirements above , the use of Oedipus to read or modify the contents of the database is further restricted .
in addition to the requirements above , the use of oedipus to read or [change] the contents of the database is further restricted .

As well as good documentation and ‘ driving ’ information for the user , as described on page 35 , it is also very important to document the computer program as a further aid to those who wish to understand how the program works or modify it in some way .
as well as good documentation and ‘ driving ’ information for the user , as described on page 35 , it is also very important to document the computer program as a further aid to those who wish to understand how the program works or [change] it in some way .

How we collect this information will certainly affect how well we can draw inferences from it in order to modify and improve the unit .
how we collect this information will certainly affect how well we can draw inferences from it in order to [change] and improve the unit .

We now need instructions to insert a value into the index register , or to modify the value held ( for example , by adding one ) .
we now need instructions to insert a value into the index register , or to [change] the value held ( for example , by adding one ) .

We therefore modify each transput instruction so that it merely initiates an operation ( such as to print a digit on the electric typewriter ) , and allow the control unit immediately to continue with the next and subsequent instructions while the transput operation is being carried out .
we therefore [change] each transput instruction so that it merely initiates an operation ( such as to print a digit on the electric typewriter ) , and allow the control unit immediately to continue with the next and subsequent instructions while the transput operation is being carried out .

How would you modify the instruction format and add to the instruction set ?
how would you [change] the instruction format and add to the instruction set ?

Observations across a wide range of language communities show that adults when speaking to young language learners modify their speech in the direction of syntactic simplicity and semantic and pragmatic redundancy in context .
observations across a wide range of language communities show that adults when speaking to young language learners [change] their speech in the direction of syntactic simplicity and semantic and pragmatic redundancy in context .

Presumably if they did modify their behaviour it was in the direction of approximating more closely to their own beliefs about what constitutes good teaching .
presumably if they did [change] their behaviour it was in the direction of approximating more closely to their own beliefs about what constitutes good teaching .

Reflexes mediated by the antennae were also discovered by Hollick ( 1940 ) to modify the path of the wing , and therefore the flight-characteristics , of Muscina , but the role of the halteres of Diptera and male Strepsiptera in controlling equilibrium during flight is perhaps the best known of these mechanisms ( Pringle , 1948 ; Schneider , 1953 ) .
reflexes mediated by the antennae were also discovered by hollick ( 1940 ) to [change] the path of the wing , and therefore the flight-characteristics , of muscina , but the role of the halteres of diptera and male strepsiptera in controlling equilibrium during flight is perhaps the best known of these mechanisms ( pringle , 1948 ; schneider , 1953 ) .

Organizers of schemes interviewed during the initial review indicated their reluctance to modify their schemes substantially in view of the time and expense required .
organizers of schemes interviewed during the initial review indicated their reluctance to [change] their schemes substantially in view of the time and expense required .

This example illustrates the fact that the formal rules have to be understood against a background of constitutional conventions which can both expand and modify the strict legal rules .
this example illustrates the fact that the formal rules have to be understood against a background of constitutional conventions which can both expand and [change] the strict legal rules .

Only during or after epiblast diversification can experimental interference preferentially modify or distinguish particular fetal tissues ( 2 ) .
only during or after epiblast diversification can experimental interference preferentially [change] or distinguish particular fetal tissues ( 2 ) .

Playing these passages by the book proves to be a perfectly satisfying approach to their architecture , and one wonders why so many other conductors feel compelled to modify Shostakovich 's tempos .
playing these passages by the book proves to be a perfectly satisfying approach to their architecture , and one wonders why so many other conductors feel compelled to [change] shostakovich 's tempos .

This is less so today in rapidly changing societies where great efforts are made to adapt and modify social institutions ; indeed , it is plausible to suppose that the roots of sociology lie in the experience of rapid and far-reaching social change .
this is less so today in rapidly changing societies where great efforts are made to adapt and [change] social institutions ; indeed , it is plausible to suppose that the roots of sociology lie in the experience of rapid and far-reaching social change .

Michael Sandusky has argued that United States troops could have assumed control of the greater part of Korea had Korea been identified as a priority and had MacArthur been willing to modify his decision to concentrate American forces in Japan prior to the official surrender on 2 September at the ceremony planned by MacArthur .
michael sandusky has argued that united states troops could have assumed control of the greater part of korea had korea been identified as a priority and had macarthur been willing to [change] his decision to concentrate american forces in japan prior to the official surrender on 2 september at the ceremony planned by macarthur .

His first job was to modify the inside of the house to suit his needs .
his first job was to [change] the inside of the house to suit his needs .

One writer of our time might have induced Mrs Woolf to modify her words .
one writer of our time might have induced mrs woolf to [change] her words .

However , some councils have had to modify their policies in this respect in view of the management problems on these estates .
however , some councils have had to [change] their policies in this respect in view of the management problems on these estates .

The family , however , is not sufficiently able to sustain the private identities of people in modern cities or suburbs , and other institutional agencies are needed to support , create , sustain and modify identity .
the family , however , is not sufficiently able to sustain the private identities of people in modern cities or suburbs , and other institutional agencies are needed to support , create , sustain and [change] identity .

Unfortunately , difficulties with the environmental conditions of the area which we had intended to use mean that we will now have to modify our plans .
unfortunately , difficulties with the environmental conditions of the area which we had intended to use mean that we will now have to [change] our plans .

We realise they are complex and detailed , but we believe it is better to give maximum information at the start of the new system of teaching , and modify them as our needs dictate .
we realise they are complex and detailed , but we believe it is better to give maximum information at the start of the new system of teaching , and [change] them as our needs dictate .

The Council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the Council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .
the council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to [change] existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .

However , since Ro 40-7592 can cross the blood-brain barrier and modify striatal dopamine metabolism , a central pharmacokinetic effect may also have a role .
however , since ro 40-7592 can cross the blood-brain barrier and [change] striatal dopamine metabolism , a central pharmacokinetic effect may also have a role .

As far as the Herbert interest was concerned , therefore , Gloucester was put at the head of an existing connection which he was expected to do little to modify .
as far as the herbert interest was concerned , therefore , gloucester was put at the head of an existing connection which he was expected to do little to [change] .

The second aim was to assess whether , as a bulking agent , psyllium could modify echographic gastric emptying time and , in parallel , sensations of hunger and satiety .
the second aim was to assess whether , as a bulking agent , psyllium could [change] echographic gastric emptying time and , in parallel , sensations of hunger and satiety .

Complications have also occurred that caused us to modify our original technique ; namely to abandon ultrafine guidewires , to use a reverse bevelled transjugular biopsy needle , and to avoid the percutaneous transhepatic placement of portal catheters for guidance .
complications have also occurred that caused us to [change] our original technique ; namely to abandon ultrafine guidewires , to use a reverse bevelled transjugular biopsy needle , and to avoid the percutaneous transhepatic placement of portal catheters for guidance .

He still treated Edward coolly , stating with conviction that he had his orders direct from London and saw no need to go over them in detail , and no possibility that he would modify them on the say-so of a junior officer he did not know .
he still treated edward coolly , stating with conviction that he had his orders direct from london and saw no need to go over them in detail , and no possibility that he would [change] them on the say-so of a junior officer he did not know .

modify an existing package to contain all modules .
[change] an existing package to contain all modules .

In order to modify one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is required which :
in order to [change] one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is required which :

In order to modify one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is required which :
in order to [change] one or more modules which constitute a baseline , a package is required which :

Research is in progress to modify crop plants genetically to make them yield more than one product .
research is in progress to [change] crop plants genetically to make them yield more than one product .

At the end of December 1989 the Supreme Court named the three final conservative appointees to the Senate [ see p. 37117 for first six appointments ] , so that the outgoing military regime was represented by 28 of the 47 members , further ensuring that the incoming government of President Aylwin would be unable to modify the central role of the military under the 1980 Constitution [ see p. 30619 ] .
at the end of december 1989 the supreme court named the three final conservative appointees to the senate [ see p. 37117 for first six appointments ] , so that the outgoing military regime was represented by 28 of the 47 members , further ensuring that the incoming government of president aylwin would be unable to [change] the central role of the military under the 1980 constitution [ see p. 30619 ] .

However , the Interior Minister , Julio Mera Figueroa , insisted at a press conference on March 7 that the decree did not modify the March 1989 decree but merely changed the composition of the National Security Council .
however , the interior minister , julio mera figueroa , insisted at a press conference on march 7 that the decree did not [change] the march 1989 decree but merely changed the composition of the national security council .

The disclosure letter is sometimes drafted in such a way as effectively totally to modify or negate the negotiated warranties .
the disclosure letter is sometimes drafted in such a way as effectively totally to [change] or negate the negotiated warranties .

While our client intends to proceed as outlined above , they reserve the right under their own discretion to modify the timetable and sequence of events as deemed appropriate .
while our client intends to proceed as outlined above , they reserve the right under their own discretion to [change] the timetable and sequence of events as deemed appropriate .

amend , modify or terminate , without explanation , the timetable and procedures set out below ;
amend , [change] or terminate , without explanation , the timetable and procedures set out below ;

To pursue the investigation of the effect of family environment on the measured achievements and lifestyles of the Down 's Syndrome subjects as they enter adulthood to see how far age does , or does not , modify the influence of the family .
to pursue the investigation of the effect of family environment on the measured achievements and lifestyles of the down 's syndrome subjects as they enter adulthood to see how far age does , or does not , [change] the influence of the family .

However such an examination is the more timely — and likely to be the more revealing — in the light of the London — Peking accords on the transition to Chinese authority , in so far as this last may affect the nature of the bureaucracy , modify its practices and , possibly , inject popular consultation on some issues .
however such an examination is the more timely — and likely to be the more revealing — in the light of the london — peking accords on the transition to chinese authority , in so far as this last may affect the nature of the bureaucracy , [change] its practices and , possibly , inject popular consultation on some issues .

In the longer term , strategic planning reviews will ensure that the Library can modify its services in support of whatever strategic objectives the Garden wishes to implement .
in the longer term , strategic planning reviews will ensure that the library can [change] its services in support of whatever strategic objectives the garden wishes to implement .

It must not be forgotten , of course , that subsidence itself may modify the nature of the sediment accumulated .
it must not be forgotten , of course , that subsidence itself may [change] the nature of the sediment accumulated .

The advantage of such systems is their reliability and speed of implementation but they are usually difficult to modify .
the advantage of such systems is their reliability and speed of implementation but they are usually difficult to [change] .

Find out how easy it is to make changes after the system is implemented , in particular , to add new items of information ( ie new fields ) , add and change reports and modify processing .
find out how easy it is to make changes after the system is implemented , in particular , to add new items of information ( ie new fields ) , add and change reports and [change] processing .

As far as the social security system was concerned , the government introduced important measures in 1988 to modify the whole system ( see Tables 16.7 and 16.8 ) .
as far as the social security system was concerned , the government introduced important measures in 1988 to [change] the whole system ( see tables 16.7 and 16.8 ) .

For example , if you have inserted a frame into your document when you select it and right click on the mouse you access the Modify Frame Layout dialog box .
for example , if you have inserted a frame into your document when you select it and right click on the mouse you access the [change] frame layout dialog box .

Perhaps more generally useful is right clicking on the normal text entry area — this brings up the Modify Style dialog box — or in the border around the page when you are in the default Layout Mode — which brings up the Modify Page Layout dialog box .
perhaps more generally useful is right clicking on the normal text entry area — this brings up the [change] style dialog box — or in the border around the page when you are in the default layout mode — which brings up the [change] page layout dialog box .

The best feature of Dashboard is the Customisation , where every user can modify the ‘ look and feel ’ of their day-to-day Windows desktop exactly as they want it .
the best feature of dashboard is the customisation , where every user can [change] the ‘ look and feel ’ of their day-to-day windows desktop exactly as they want it .

The floating graph updates automatically as you modify the graph in a graph window .
the floating graph updates automatically as you [change] the graph in a graph window .

This program will help you keep track of all your recipes and let you view , modify or print them .
this program will help you keep track of all your recipes and let you view , [change] or print them .

The example here is a catalogue of CDs but you could easily modify the template for any inventory .
the example here is a catalogue of cds but you could easily [change] the template for any inventory .

For Total , we progressed with a long term contract to modify the Alwyn North platform and the St. Fergus gas terminal .
for total , we progressed with a long term contract to [change] the alwyn north platform and the st. fergus gas terminal .

His anger was real but so continuously felt that once he had given it adequate ( in his own mind ) expression , it ceased to modify his actions .
his anger was real but so continuously felt that once he had given it adequate ( in his own mind ) expression , it ceased to [change] his actions .

While programs already exist for many of these topics it is sometimes more satisfying if one has sufficient ability in computer programming to modify existing simulations or create alternative programs .
while programs already exist for many of these topics it is sometimes more satisfying if one has sufficient ability in computer programming to [change] existing simulations or create alternative programs .

Experiments using the simulation model are thus made possible ; an example given earlier showed how a planner could modify a river-basin simulation model to allow for the expansion of an urban area .
experiments using the simulation model are thus made possible ; an example given earlier showed how a planner could [change] a river-basin simulation model to allow for the expansion of an urban area .

Than modify
than [change]

Other likely members of the systems development team will be data analysts who will be involved in developing the data model , and systems analysts , systems designers and programmers who will specify the needs of the users , and design and develop the various subsystems and programs ( or choose and modify the application packages ) .
other likely members of the systems development team will be data analysts who will be involved in developing the data model , and systems analysts , systems designers and programmers who will specify the needs of the users , and design and develop the various subsystems and programs ( or choose and [change] the application packages ) .

Modify the relations so that they conform to the rules of normalisation .
[change] the relations so that they conform to the rules of normalisation .

Early discussions centred on two possible devices for solving the basic problem of measuring plant growth non-intrusively . These were already available and would be cheap to duplicate or modify : —
early discussions centred on two possible devices for solving the basic problem of measuring plant growth non-intrusively . these were already available and would be cheap to duplicate or [change] : —

To change the amount of data passed between sub-programs it is necessary only to modify some code in the sub-program bodies , not the sub-program specifications , and to modify the declaration of the record itself .
to change the amount of data passed between sub-programs it is necessary only to [change] some code in the sub-program bodies , not the sub-program specifications , and to [change] the declaration of the record itself .

The ability to modify and alter what has gone before is therefore a necessary part of any system .
the ability to [change] and alter what has gone before is therefore a necessary part of any system .

Hence it was decided to select an available parser and modify it to cope with the recognition task .
hence it was decided to select an available parser and [change] it to cope with the recognition task .

Isabella was becoming rebellious , said the head teacher , and it took an hour to modify this to fanciful .
isabella was becoming rebellious , said the head teacher , and it took an hour to [change] this to fanciful .

The re-emerging unions have pressed the newly inaugurated democratic government to modify its code of labour practices .
the re-emerging unions have pressed the newly inaugurated democratic government to [change] its code of labour practices .

Although we support elements of the Bill , we want to modify it ; that is why we have tabled amendments , which we hope will improve it .
although we support elements of the bill , we want to [change] it ; that is why we have tabled amendments , which we hope will improve it .

Now he had gone up she need n't modify her actions to spare his feelings .
now he had gone up she need n't [change] her actions to spare his feelings .

The Library of Congress , for instance , started with the term ‘ Electronic calculating machines ’ but had to modify this , in keeping with later normal usage , to ‘ Computers ’ .
the library of congress , for instance , started with the term ‘ electronic calculating machines ’ but had to [change] this , in keeping with later normal usage , to ‘ computers ’ .

As in any alphabetical indexing language , it is important that the language reflects the current requirements of the user and the literature ; thus it is fairly common to have to modify a standard list or compile a fresh list when a new application is envisaged .
as in any alphabetical indexing language , it is important that the language reflects the current requirements of the user and the literature ; thus it is fairly common to have to [change] a standard list or compile a fresh list when a new application is envisaged .

How do such distortions modify the conclusions reached in the previous Lecture about the incidence of the corporation tax ?
how do such distortions [change] the conclusions reached in the previous lecture about the incidence of the corporation tax ?

, via pensions ) or modify short-term fluctuations ( e.g .
, via pensions ) or [change] short-term fluctuations ( e.g .

Exercise 9–2 Examine the behaviour of the model where . What is the indirect effect of parental wealth , via a 2 , on the variance of bequests ? How does forward-looking bequest behaviour ( ) modify the distribution of lifetime consumption ?
exercise 9–2 examine the behaviour of the model where . what is the indirect effect of parental wealth , via a 2 , on the variance of bequests ? how does forward-looking bequest behaviour ( ) [change] the distribution of lifetime consumption ?

Pressure , or special interest , groups may seek to influence voter behaviour , to win over legislators , and to modify the administration of public policy .
pressure , or special interest , groups may seek to influence voter behaviour , to win over legislators , and to [change] the administration of public policy .

To illustrate this , we modify the model and suppose that the public good is an alternative to a private good .
to illustrate this , we [change] the model and suppose that the public good is an alternative to a private good .

This is true , but of no great significance since it is easy to modify the model developed above and make it immune from this particular criticism , while ensuring that all its important features are retained .
this is true , but of no great significance since it is easy to [change] the model developed above and make it immune from this particular criticism , while ensuring that all its important features are retained .

We modify Assumption 5 in the following way to take this into account .
we [change] assumption 5 in the following way to take this into account .

Dissolution of diagnostic minerals , together with alteration of others , can significantly modify original grain composition , particularly as the original grain can rarely be confidently identified ( e.g .
dissolution of diagnostic minerals , together with alteration of others , can significantly [change] original grain composition , particularly as the original grain can rarely be confidently identified ( e.g .

But even this does not seriously modify the picture .
but even this does not seriously [change] the picture .

Once it has occurred , the analyst connects the feature in question with his impression of or feeling for the whole work , and may be led to modify this as a result .
once it has occurred , the analyst connects the feature in question with his impression of or feeling for the whole work , and may be led to [change] this as a result .

The interrelations of the meanings and associations of words within a text ( ‘ the dimension of coherence ’ ) is in the first place , one ' might say , a purely mental event , but its effect is to modify , enrich or enlarge the reader 's experience of the realities to which these meanings and associations refer .
the interrelations of the meanings and associations of words within a text ( ‘ the dimension of coherence ’ ) is in the first place , one ' might say , a purely mental event , but its effect is to [change] , enrich or enlarge the reader 's experience of the realities to which these meanings and associations refer .

In each case a number of issues arose , some of which were resolved , as they attempted to modify their classroom practice .
in each case a number of issues arose , some of which were resolved , as they attempted to [change] their classroom practice .

Pupils have many different views as to the nature of learning and the role of teachers , and part of the work with a new class is in some cases to get them to modify their perspective . William Perry ( 1970 ) has brilliantly charted the development of different perspectives amongst college students ; he has described a number of ‘ positions ’ , which vary from
pupils have many different views as to the nature of learning and the role of teachers , and part of the work with a new class is in some cases to get them to [change] their perspective . william perry ( 1970 ) has brilliantly charted the development of different perspectives amongst college students ; he has described a number of ‘ positions ’ , which vary from

‘ Active constitution ’ involves a bringing together of this qualitative ensemble in such a way as to strengthen , modify or weaken the initial felt response .
‘ active constitution ’ involves a bringing together of this qualitative ensemble in such a way as to strengthen , [change] or weaken the initial felt response .

One result of this difference of reference is that it is possible to construct sentences which will be analytic or contradictory on the one interpretation but not on the other : ( 11 ) Nikolai offered us the message decoded but it was not decoded when he offered it to us 4.2 One curious feature about these adjectives is that they somehow seem to modify not only the noun which they accompany but simultaneously the verb as well ; if this is a genuine observation it will be surprising on general grounds , since it would be decidedly abnormal in syntax for one element to simultaneously qualify two different items .
one result of this difference of reference is that it is possible to construct sentences which will be analytic or contradictory on the one interpretation but not on the other : ( 11 ) nikolai offered us the message decoded but it was not decoded when he offered it to us 4.2 one curious feature about these adjectives is that they somehow seem to [change] not only the noun which they accompany but simultaneously the verb as well ; if this is a genuine observation it will be surprising on general grounds , since it would be decidedly abnormal in syntax for one element to simultaneously qualify two different items .

We return to this point directly , but must first remark that , even if these adjectives do modify the verb , they certainly do not have the status of adverbs .
we return to this point directly , but must first remark that , even if these adjectives do [change] the verb , they certainly do not have the status of adverbs .

Such networks , operating between research groups , could , in theory , modify the actual content of research .
such networks , operating between research groups , could , in theory , [change] the actual content of research .

In the example here it might plausibly be supposed that the age of the pupils might well influence attainment or otherwise modify the effect of the causal factor .
in the example here it might plausibly be supposed that the age of the pupils might well influence attainment or otherwise [change] the effect of the causal factor .

In order to secure sufficient parliamentary backing in February 1991 from the opposition Radical Liberals , Centre Democrats and Christian People 's Party for the approval of the 1991 budget , Schlüter was forced to modify his plans for income tax cuts [ see p. 38020 ] .
in order to secure sufficient parliamentary backing in february 1991 from the opposition radical liberals , centre democrats and christian people 's party for the approval of the 1991 budget , schlüter was forced to [change] his plans for income tax cuts [ see p. 38020 ] .

He said that he was willing to modify parts of the Driglam Namzha programme and admitted that the current mode of representation in the Tsogdu was imperfect since it gave the Nepalese-dominated districts in the south only 16 seats out of a total of 151 .
he said that he was willing to [change] parts of the driglam namzha programme and admitted that the current mode of representation in the tsogdu was imperfect since it gave the nepalese-dominated districts in the south only 16 seats out of a total of 151 .

Condemned Iraqi attempts to modify the demography of Kuwait .
condemned iraqi attempts to [change] the demography of kuwait .

Speakers of Hiberno-English ( one variety of English used in Ireland ) are under increasing pressure to modify their language in the direction of Standard English , which is the prestige norm in Ireland .
speakers of hiberno-english ( one variety of english used in ireland ) are under increasing pressure to [change] their language in the direction of standard english , which is the prestige norm in ireland .

Furthermore , the individual speaker 's ability to carry out successful linguistic " acts of identity " is subject to a number of limitations : We can only behave according to the behavioural patterns of groups we find it desirable to identify with to the extent that : ( i ) we can identify the groups ( ii ) we have both adequate access to the groups and ability to analyse their behavioural patterns ( iii ) the motivation to join the groups is sufficiently powerful , and is either reinforced or reversed by feedback from the groups ( iv ) we have the ability to modify our behaviour ( Le Page and Tabouret-Keller 1985 : 182 )
furthermore , the individual speaker 's ability to carry out successful linguistic " acts of identity " is subject to a number of limitations : we can only behave according to the behavioural patterns of groups we find it desirable to identify with to the extent that : ( i ) we can identify the groups ( ii ) we have both adequate access to the groups and ability to analyse their behavioural patterns ( iii ) the motivation to join the groups is sufficiently powerful , and is either reinforced or reversed by feedback from the groups ( iv ) we have the ability to [change] our behaviour ( le page and tabouret-keller 1985 : 182 )

( c ) Exclusion Section 2(1) states : An occupier of premises owes the same duty , the " common duty of care " to all his visitors , except in so far as he is free to and does extend , restrict , modify or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .
( c ) exclusion section 2(1) states : an occupier of premises owes the same duty , the " common duty of care " to all his visitors , except in so far as he is free to and does extend , restrict , [change] or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .

Return to the bad old ways , elect separately a Chamber and a Senate , then bring them together at Versailles in a National Assembly which would or would not modify the Constitution of 1875 .
return to the bad old ways , elect separately a chamber and a senate , then bring them together at versailles in a national assembly which would or would not [change] the constitution of 1875 .

Where the practice is found to be anti-competitive the Minister can then accept voluntary undertakings from the firm to modify its practice or invoke extensive powers to proscribe the practice .
where the practice is found to be anti-competitive the minister can then accept voluntary undertakings from the firm to [change] its practice or invoke extensive powers to proscribe the practice .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , [change] , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , [change] , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

Well aware that she was in a public place , she tried to modify her voice ; only then Willis did n't always hear , and she had to try again a good deal louder .
well aware that she was in a public place , she tried to [change] her voice ; only then willis did n't always hear , and she had to try again a good deal louder .

Inequities between developing and developed regions in maternal mortality risks at ages below 15 and above 44 are phenomenal , reflecting clearly the power of exogenous factors to modify the impact of maternal age upon maternal mortality .
inequities between developing and developed regions in maternal mortality risks at ages below 15 and above 44 are phenomenal , reflecting clearly the power of exogenous factors to [change] the impact of maternal age upon maternal mortality .

Rational reproductive behaviour , supported by intelligent application of family planning techniques , will modify these demographic patterns and reduce their maleffects .
rational reproductive behaviour , supported by intelligent application of family planning techniques , will [change] these demographic patterns and reduce their maleffects .

Others may find this tedious , and may prefer to modify the methods or find other suggestions in some of the literature in the Bibliography .
others may find this tedious , and may prefer to [change] the methods or find other suggestions in some of the literature in the bibliography .

If it is defective , you need to know where it is defective and how you can modify the language material contained in it , so that you can learn the language well in spite of the book !
if it is defective , you need to know where it is defective and how you can [change] the language material contained in it , so that you can learn the language well in spite of the book !

Perhaps we try too hard to modify because we feel that evolution should be a continuous process .
perhaps we try too hard to [change] because we feel that evolution should be a continuous process .

We would suggest that in neuropathic pseudoobstruction it is more likely that the tachygastria is induced by loss of intrinsic inhibitory innervation which may normally modify the frequency of polarisation of the plasmalemmal membrane of the gastric smooth muscle cells .
we would suggest that in neuropathic pseudoobstruction it is more likely that the tachygastria is induced by loss of intrinsic inhibitory innervation which may normally [change] the frequency of polarisation of the plasmalemmal membrane of the gastric smooth muscle cells .

In the field of training we must always be prepared to look to the future and , if considered necessary , modify our teaching procedures .
in the field of training we must always be prepared to look to the future and , if considered necessary , [change] our teaching procedures .

By contrast , some patients seem to have a frequency that is rarely less than 10 in 24 hours and need to take antidiarrhoeal agents and modify their diet .
by contrast , some patients seem to have a frequency that is rarely less than 10 in 24 hours and need to take antidiarrhoeal agents and [change] their diet .

Understanding the disorder and a detailed treatment plan usually eliminated the parents ' frustration , improved compliance , and allowed them to adjust and modify the treatment to provide for regular elimination .
understanding the disorder and a detailed treatment plan usually eliminated the parents ' frustration , improved compliance , and allowed them to adjust and [change] the treatment to provide for regular elimination .

and lions modify
and lions [change]

The bird 's retreat has led the Forestry Commission to modify three of its forests to make them more welcoming to capercaillie .
the bird 's retreat has led the forestry commission to [change] three of its forests to make them more welcoming to capercaillie .

Although both men were forced to modify their opinions later in life , initially they held the extreme ‘ nominalist ’ and ‘ essentialist ’ positions .
although both men were forced to [change] their opinions later in life , initially they held the extreme ‘ nominalist ’ and ‘ essentialist ’ positions .

The jurors , having appeared before the king , were induced , probably by threats of amercement and imprisonment , to acknowledge their error and to modify their perambulations ; they then received the king 's pardon .
the jurors , having appeared before the king , were induced , probably by threats of amercement and imprisonment , to acknowledge their error and to [change] their perambulations ; they then received the king 's pardon .

Elisabeth would do nothing to modify the arrangement of anything planned and executed by her parents .
elisabeth would do nothing to [change] the arrangement of anything planned and executed by her parents .

The differential stresses set up about an opening usually modify the skin to form a lip .
the differential stresses set up about an opening usually [change] the skin to form a lip .

This transformation provided the skeleton for the Christianity which was to take over the Germanic world , to mould it and modify it in turn .
this transformation provided the skeleton for the christianity which was to take over the germanic world , to mould it and [change] it in turn .

The examination of archaeological evidence can , though , sometimes modify such a view .
the examination of archaeological evidence can , though , sometimes [change] such a view .

The aim of everyone , irrespective of weight , should be to modify their eating very slightly to maximize health benefits .
the aim of everyone , irrespective of weight , should be to [change] their eating very slightly to maximize health benefits .

Part of the procedure is to re-present the image from time to time as its shape becomes clearer : ‘ In the days of Arab government Zuwaya distributed tax revenues to household heads , so that there should be no treasury ; and you did this ; and you did that … ‘ These attempts to check and control the growing picture often led Zuwaya to correct and modify , to elaborate and qualify the image .
part of the procedure is to re-present the image from time to time as its shape becomes clearer : ‘ in the days of arab government zuwaya distributed tax revenues to household heads , so that there should be no treasury ; and you did this ; and you did that … ‘ these attempts to check and control the growing picture often led zuwaya to correct and [change] , to elaborate and qualify the image .

In one way the Chancellor is already brought into relation with the administration of justice , though not so as to enable him to modify the law at his pleasure .
in one way the chancellor is already brought into relation with the administration of justice , though not so as to enable him to [change] the law at his pleasure .

More research should be carried out into how to modify nets so that dolphins are warned to keep Clear .
more research should be carried out into how to [change] nets so that dolphins are warned to keep clear .

Oddly enough , many parliaments expect to modify government plans , which takes time .
oddly enough , many parliaments expect to [change] government plans , which takes time .

Ideas from object-oriented programming may also help databases to communicate better with the programming languages that modify their data — and to tell the difference between two items which coincidentally have the same characteristics .
ideas from object-oriented programming may also help databases to communicate better with the programming languages that [change] their data — and to tell the difference between two items which coincidentally have the same characteristics .

Servio Logic has tried to make its object-oriented database easy to modify , on the grounds that complex data is likely also to be fast-changing .
servio logic has tried to make its object-oriented database easy to [change] , on the grounds that complex data is likely also to be fast-changing .

But in a first hint that she may be prepared to modify her views , the Prime Minister will tell the President that , if the deployment of new short-range missiles in Germany becomes unrealistic , Britain is certainly prepared to consider the alternative of stand-off missiles carried on Tornados .
but in a first hint that she may be prepared to [change] her views , the prime minister will tell the president that , if the deployment of new short-range missiles in germany becomes unrealistic , britain is certainly prepared to consider the alternative of stand-off missiles carried on tornados .

The limits within which committees may modify government proposals are fixed by the major parties .
the limits within which committees may [change] government proposals are fixed by the major parties .

As then , he dealt with the motion as a three-part whole rather than as separate clauses and refused to incorporate an amendment ( carried 2:1 ) which sought to modify the proposed Committee revision in respect of the Captains , which many members considered was a continuation of the sort of privileges previously enjoyed by bondholders .
as then , he dealt with the motion as a three-part whole rather than as separate clauses and refused to incorporate an amendment ( carried 2:1 ) which sought to [change] the proposed committee revision in respect of the captains , which many members considered was a continuation of the sort of privileges previously enjoyed by bondholders .

In deciding objectives , be prepared to modify your views .
in deciding objectives , be prepared to [change] your views .

Managers have to modify or influence behaviour all the time .
managers have to [change] or influence behaviour all the time .

The Chancellor is expected to modify the Government 's policy of buying in enough long-dated gilt-edged stock in a single fiscal year to offset the financial drain on the economy created by the budget surplus and foreign exchange intervention to support the pound — the so-called full funding rule .
the chancellor is expected to [change] the government 's policy of buying in enough long-dated gilt-edged stock in a single fiscal year to offset the financial drain on the economy created by the budget surplus and foreign exchange intervention to support the pound — the so-called full funding rule .

The long range weapon is not due to enter service until the late 1990s and may be delayed while scientists attempt to modify the warhead to defeat the multi-layered Soviet armour .
the long range weapon is not due to enter service until the late 1990s and may be delayed while scientists attempt to [change] the warhead to defeat the multi-layered soviet armour .

Schools ‘ will have to modify entrance exams ’
schools ‘ will have to [change] entrance exams ’

With the Anglo-Irish Agreement at Hillsborough in 1985 , it has sought to lay aside that veto , and establish in principle its political right to modify the structure of power and control in Ulster by involving the Republic of Ireland in a common policy on security .
with the anglo-irish agreement at hillsborough in 1985 , it has sought to lay aside that veto , and establish in principle its political right to [change] the structure of power and control in ulster by involving the republic of ireland in a common policy on security .

If you are using guitar machine heads ( far more easily adjusted than pegs , which also require special tools to fit them accurately ) it is more convenient to modify the shape of the head and fit them only on the left ( if you are right-handed ) in the manner of Fender guitars .
if you are using guitar machine heads ( far more easily adjusted than pegs , which also require special tools to fit them accurately ) it is more convenient to [change] the shape of the head and fit them only on the left ( if you are right-handed ) in the manner of fender guitars .

On a typical holding , however , you will use some buildings as they stand , modify others and eventually erect one or more designed to meet your specific needs .
on a typical holding , however , you will use some buildings as they stand , [change] others and eventually erect one or more designed to meet your specific needs .

Hormones modify the cells which may become cancerous , rendering them less , or more , likely to do so , but the hormones do not act primarily on the processes which turn any quiescent cell into one that divides without control .
hormones [change] the cells which may become cancerous , rendering them less , or more , likely to do so , but the hormones do not act primarily on the processes which turn any quiescent cell into one that divides without control .

It was not just that they helped out at the occasional by-election , but that they ‘ pointed to new sources of support whose eventual accommodation , and to new issues whose eventual resolution , would ultimately modify the party itself and help equip it for the challenges of post-war politics ’ .
it was not just that they helped out at the occasional by-election , but that they ‘ pointed to new sources of support whose eventual accommodation , and to new issues whose eventual resolution , would ultimately [change] the party itself and help equip it for the challenges of post-war politics ’ .

There is no space here , central though it is to Callinicos ' argument as a whole , to do other than note how this perspective is then deployed not only to counter poststructuralism but also significantly to modify the position of its main critic , Habermas .
there is no space here , central though it is to callinicos ' argument as a whole , to do other than note how this perspective is then deployed not only to counter poststructuralism but also significantly to [change] the position of its main critic , habermas .

The return of a Fianna Fáil government under Jack Lynch meant something of a decline in Anglo-Irish cordiality or willingness to collaborate in security matters , while the end of the constitutional assembly in early 1977 had removed any prospect of finding any viable Ulster administration to modify the picture of direct rule from Westminster .
the return of a fianna fáil government under jack lynch meant something of a decline in anglo-irish cordiality or willingness to collaborate in security matters , while the end of the constitutional assembly in early 1977 had removed any prospect of finding any viable ulster administration to [change] the picture of direct rule from westminster .

This greater variety than that envisaged by Morgan or Engels does certainly modify the picture .
this greater variety than that envisaged by morgan or engels does certainly [change] the picture .

Although in all the three books considered there is some evolutionary scheme , when we take them together it is clear that Marx and Engels were very willing to modify the overall picture whenever they obtained new information .
although in all the three books considered there is some evolutionary scheme , when we take them together it is clear that marx and engels were very willing to [change] the overall picture whenever they obtained new information .

Memory — the recording of experience to modify behaviour — is a very complex process and is invested in different organisms at different levels .
memory — the recording of experience to [change] behaviour — is a very complex process and is invested in different organisms at different levels .

Hefter and May give us no reason to modify this statement .
hefter and may give us no reason to [change] this statement .

It is also possible to generate animated rotation sequences and , using the mouse , to translate and rotate wireframe models interactively and modify their bond parameters .
it is also possible to generate animated rotation sequences and , using the mouse , to translate and rotate wireframe models interactively and [change] their bond parameters .

The main thrust of Green 's proposals was to modify the 1932 arrangements so that , as originally intended , a balanced committee would be established .
the main thrust of green 's proposals was to [change] the 1932 arrangements so that , as originally intended , a balanced committee would be established .

Educationists must modify or supplement teacher training courses so as to cater for those who will work in rural schools .
educationists must [change] or supplement teacher training courses so as to cater for those who will work in rural schools .

Research is therefore required , believes Simonsen , not only into the impact of the working environment on brain chemistry , but also to assess the extent to which internal brain processes can modify these effects .
research is therefore required , believes simonsen , not only into the impact of the working environment on brain chemistry , but also to assess the extent to which internal brain processes can [change] these effects .

The challenge is to modify the development of populations of pests and diseases in relation to their enemies , which requires a clear understanding of population dynamics .
the challenge is to [change] the development of populations of pests and diseases in relation to their enemies , which requires a clear understanding of population dynamics .

Since this situation is likely to continue for the foreseeable future , professional social workers and social work educators need to modify their profession-centred view of service provision in order to make the best use of available personnel .
since this situation is likely to continue for the foreseeable future , professional social workers and social work educators need to [change] their profession-centred view of service provision in order to make the best use of available personnel .

There was a belief in government 's ability to modify the injustices of the private market and to extend powers to the wider public .
there was a belief in government 's ability to [change] the injustices of the private market and to extend powers to the wider public .

The remaining metals were mainly used to modify the properties of the others by alloying and for specialised functions in construction such as joining by soldering .
the remaining metals were mainly used to [change] the properties of the others by alloying and for specialised functions in construction such as joining by soldering .

The main reason for using alloys is to modify the mechanical and physical properties of metals to suit the item being manufactured .
the main reason for using alloys is to [change] the mechanical and physical properties of metals to suit the item being manufactured .

There are a large number of other contingencies which crosscut these four political-economic contexts and modify them .
there are a large number of other contingencies which crosscut these four political-economic contexts and [change] them .

High population densities on the other hand may modify the way in which the land is used under given social relations of production , and indeed modify the relations of production themselves .
high population densities on the other hand may [change] the way in which the land is used under given social relations of production , and indeed [change] the relations of production themselves .

The nature of the state in which land-use occurs can also modify the broad classification outlined .
the nature of the state in which land-use occurs can also [change] the broad classification outlined .

The Fijian traditional communal system of livelihood has a tendency to restrict initiative for commercial expansion and development so that there is a need to modify commercial values to meet with the demands of modern commercialism , This , in a nutshell , is what the Yalavou project sets out 10 do . ( Fiji Government 1982 : 71 )
the fijian traditional communal system of livelihood has a tendency to restrict initiative for commercial expansion and development so that there is a need to [change] commercial values to meet with the demands of modern commercialism , this , in a nutshell , is what the yalavou project sets out 10 do . ( fiji government 1982 : 71 )

Although many elements of that model still exist today , there is also quite widespread dissatisfaction with it , and there has been some attempt to find out why , and to modify these elements .
although many elements of that model still exist today , there is also quite widespread dissatisfaction with it , and there has been some attempt to find out why , and to [change] these elements .

The observer 's readiness to modify is admirably honest ( Mr Palomar is a nice man ) and ultimately exhausting : the process of adjustment can go only so far before atrophy threatens .
the observer 's readiness to [change] is admirably honest ( mr palomar is a nice man ) and ultimately exhausting : the process of adjustment can go only so far before atrophy threatens .

Until 1955 it had been under virtually no pressure to modify its stance .
until 1955 it had been under virtually no pressure to [change] its stance .

If latent inhibition and habituation reflect the operation of a common mechanism , then procedural variations that modify the magnitude of one of these phenomena should have a similar effect on the other .
if latent inhibition and habituation reflect the operation of a common mechanism , then procedural variations that [change] the magnitude of one of these phenomena should have a similar effect on the other .

What we need to consider now is the possibility that discrimination training also allows processes to operate that modify the distinctiveness of the stimuli themselves .
what we need to consider now is the possibility that discrimination training also allows processes to operate that [change] the distinctiveness of the stimuli themselves .

Another problem is how to modify the levels of nutrients which are often included in hydroponic systems where plants are grown in water instead of soil .
another problem is how to [change] the levels of nutrients which are often included in hydroponic systems where plants are grown in water instead of soil .

By contrast , Mr Major was a novice Foreign Secretary whose skills and stamina were tested to breaking point when — alone — he tried to modify the draft South African statement in Kuala Lumpur .
by contrast , mr major was a novice foreign secretary whose skills and stamina were tested to breaking point when — alone — he tried to [change] the draft south african statement in kuala lumpur .

Getting Out of the Greenhouse shows that strict economic criteria could be used to modify energy policy to cut Britain 's output of carbon dioxide gases , the biggest contributor to the greenhouse effect .
getting out of the greenhouse shows that strict economic criteria could be used to [change] energy policy to cut britain 's output of carbon dioxide gases , the biggest contributor to the greenhouse effect .

By contrast , Mr Major was a novice Foreign Secretary whose skills and stamina were tested to breaking point when — alone — he tried to modify the draft South African statement in Kuala Lumpur .
by contrast , mr major was a novice foreign secretary whose skills and stamina were tested to breaking point when — alone — he tried to [change] the draft south african statement in kuala lumpur .

‘ Which suggests a considerable ability to modify a reflex with learned behavior , ’ Dr. Briant said .
‘ which suggests a considerable ability to [change] a reflex with learned behavior , ’ dr. briant said .

Later on we will modify the program — give you a list of specific sounds we want you to make — but at present you are quite free to talk as you wish .
later on we will [change] the program — give you a list of specific sounds we want you to make — but at present you are quite free to talk as you wish .

Thus if the school head decides to disapply or modify the National Curriculum in respect of a particular child , or to revoke such a direction , a copy of the notice must be sent within three days to at least one parent of the pupil at the registered address .
thus if the school head decides to disapply or [change] the national curriculum in respect of a particular child , or to revoke such a direction , a copy of the notice must be sent within three days to at least one parent of the pupil at the registered address .

Under the 1988 Act , such a statement may disapply or modify the application of any or all of the provisions of the National Curriculum for the pupils for whom the statement is made .
under the 1988 act , such a statement may disapply or [change] the application of any or all of the provisions of the national curriculum for the pupils for whom the statement is made .

At the time of writing , its report is still awaited , but it seems certain that legislation will shortly be introduced to end or sharply to modify the present law .
at the time of writing , its report is still awaited , but it seems certain that legislation will shortly be introduced to end or sharply to [change] the present law .

Freedoms are not likely to be enlarged under the British tradition since from the outset it is the notion of complete freedom which the law seeks to modify .
freedoms are not likely to be enlarged under the british tradition since from the outset it is the notion of complete freedom which the law seeks to [change] .

The Home Secretary has power to modify or supplement the data protection principles to provide additional safeguards for these categories ; it will be interesting to see what these additional regulations will contain .
the home secretary has power to [change] or supplement the data protection principles to provide additional safeguards for these categories ; it will be interesting to see what these additional regulations will contain .

We test our realities against those of others , and we modify them as we have to .
we test our realities against those of others , and we [change] them as we have to .

‘ Evaluation may be seen as ‘ closing the circle ’ of training , for in the light of its results the training officer will revise his overall policy , modify his methods and begin the whole process again .
‘ evaluation may be seen as ‘ closing the circle ’ of training , for in the light of its results the training officer will revise his overall policy , [change] his methods and begin the whole process again .

Firstly , they must decide how many titles each library should stock on each subject , how to modify these figures as the type of use changes , and how to keep the stock in each subject relatively fresh and interesting .
firstly , they must decide how many titles each library should stock on each subject , how to [change] these figures as the type of use changes , and how to keep the stock in each subject relatively fresh and interesting .

We need to modify the way chickens are kept so that this is something which at least is extremely rare ; we should try to prevent it completely .
we need to [change] the way chickens are kept so that this is something which at least is extremely rare ; we should try to prevent it completely .

Unfortunately , there are two huge problems which modify the useful applicability of this pragmatic approach .
unfortunately , there are two huge problems which [change] the useful applicability of this pragmatic approach .

However , before the sale can go ahead the Trust must obtain permission from the courts to modify the will of the Trust 's founder , Sir Henry Wellcome .
however , before the sale can go ahead the trust must obtain permission from the courts to [change] the will of the trust 's founder , sir henry wellcome .

Dr Hobson may rest assured that there is no intention to modify spellings of any other elements .
dr hobson may rest assured that there is no intention to [change] spellings of any other elements .

For those who are capable of learning how to modify diet and insulin dose to suit prevailing circumstances and want to do so , the ability to determine their own blood glucose has been a major step forward , permitting more satisfactory glycaemic control and a more adventurous approach to many activities ( Skyler et al , 1978 ; Sonksen et al , 1978 ; Walford et al , 1978 ) .
for those who are capable of learning how to [change] diet and insulin dose to suit prevailing circumstances and want to do so , the ability to determine their own blood glucose has been a major step forward , permitting more satisfactory glycaemic control and a more adventurous approach to many activities ( skyler et al , 1978 ; sonksen et al , 1978 ; walford et al , 1978 ) .

If it is to be of maximum benefit they must be able to perform monitoring correctly , interpret the results and use the information to modify diet or insulin dose as appropriate .
if it is to be of maximum benefit they must be able to perform monitoring correctly , interpret the results and use the information to [change] diet or insulin dose as appropriate .

Not only does this allow the clinical group to monitor and modify their own treatment programmes but subsequently through the introduction of costing systems enable clinicians and managers to come together to plan case-mix and future service patterns .
not only does this allow the clinical group to monitor and [change] their own treatment programmes but subsequently through the introduction of costing systems enable clinicians and managers to come together to plan case-mix and future service patterns .

Research studies which may seem quite practical to university people may seem very far removed from reality to practitioners , and research workers who are prepared to learn from the practitioners can often modify their research plans and greatly improve them .
research studies which may seem quite practical to university people may seem very far removed from reality to practitioners , and research workers who are prepared to learn from the practitioners can often [change] their research plans and greatly improve them .

Under permanently wet conditions , small mammal bone becomes soft and easily broken , and it has been found that small mammal bones preserved in wet caves become extensively broken , whereas in dry caves they are better preserved , but other factors may also modify such an assemblage .
under permanently wet conditions , small mammal bone becomes soft and easily broken , and it has been found that small mammal bones preserved in wet caves become extensively broken , whereas in dry caves they are better preserved , but other factors may also [change] such an assemblage .

All predators modify the bones of their prey to a certain extent .
all predators [change] the bones of their prey to a certain extent .

His results are fully corroborated here ( see Chapter 3 ) , but owls also modify the bones of their prey to some extent .
his results are fully corroborated here ( see chapter 3 ) , but owls also [change] the bones of their prey to some extent .

Wolverton Works were asked to build a new string of four coaches , and to modify the ancillary Royal vehicles so they were compatible .
wolverton works were asked to build a new string of four coaches , and to [change] the ancillary royal vehicles so they were compatible .

Locally elected municipalities may modify those guidelines , but ‘ The vast majority of the municipalities adopt the Ministry guidelines for all or almost all subjects ’ .
locally elected municipalities may [change] those guidelines , but ‘ the vast majority of the municipalities adopt the ministry guidelines for all or almost all subjects ’ .

The Secretary of State was able to influence the drafting of the terms of reference and the composition of the working parties ; yet the working parties necessarily contained a majority of professionals and in due course reported in ways which again the Secretary of State could only partially modify .
the secretary of state was able to influence the drafting of the terms of reference and the composition of the working parties ; yet the working parties necessarily contained a majority of professionals and in due course reported in ways which again the secretary of state could only partially [change] .

As a result of this openness it is known that the Secretary of State chose to modify the Mathematics Working Party 's recommendations , particularly in the area of ‘ applied mathematics ’ , that consultation revealed that most of those consulted preferred the stance that the working party had adopted , that the Curriculum Council nevertheless made recommendations which accorded with the Secretary of State 's view and that their recommendations were , not surprisingly , accepted .
as a result of this openness it is known that the secretary of state chose to [change] the mathematics working party 's recommendations , particularly in the area of ‘ applied mathematics ’ , that consultation revealed that most of those consulted preferred the stance that the working party had adopted , that the curriculum council nevertheless made recommendations which accorded with the secretary of state 's view and that their recommendations were , not surprisingly , accepted .

Their findings would go to reinforce or modify it .
their findings would go to reinforce or [change] it .

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your guilt you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your guilt feelings and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of guilt are :
rather than [change] anything to do with the external events that trigger your guilt you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your guilt feelings and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of guilt are :

You are non-assertive ( ie hold back from giving your opinions , modify your stance to gain approval , agree with other people even when you do n't ) .
you are non-assertive ( ie hold back from giving your opinions , [change] your stance to gain approval , agree with other people even when you do n't ) .

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your inadequacy , you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your feelings of inadequacy and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of inadequacy are :
rather than [change] anything to do with the external events that trigger your inadequacy , you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your feelings of inadequacy and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of inadequacy are :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your inhibition you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your inhibition and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of inhibition are :
rather than [change] anything to do with the external events that trigger your inhibition you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your inhibition and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of inhibition are :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your jealousy you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your jealousy and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of jealousy are :
rather than [change] anything to do with the external events that trigger your jealousy you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your jealousy and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of jealousy are :

you can do much to help other people , whether they be your superiors , associates , colleagues or subordinates , to modify their feelings and behaviour for better .
you can do much to help other people , whether they be your superiors , associates , colleagues or subordinates , to [change] their feelings and behaviour for better .

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your worry you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your worry and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of worry are :
rather than [change] anything to do with the external events that trigger your worry you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your worry and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of worry are :

The Commission may make its approval of a merger subject to specified conditions and obligations designed to safeguard effective competition , and it is able to clear a merger if the parties modify their proposals to its satisfaction .
the commission may make its approval of a merger subject to specified conditions and obligations designed to safeguard effective competition , and it is able to clear a merger if the parties [change] their proposals to its satisfaction .

It provides criteria for notification , a workable timetable ( which could , however , be improved by shortening the time limits ) and a system for authorising mergers if the parties modify their plans or give undertakings .
it provides criteria for notification , a workable timetable ( which could , however , be improved by shortening the time limits ) and a system for authorising mergers if the parties [change] their plans or give undertakings .

What we needed was a moderate approach that we could work with and modify to our own needs .
what we needed was a moderate approach that we could work with and [change] to our own needs .

Since expert systems are easy to modify , their development is never really completed .
since expert systems are easy to [change] , their development is never really completed .

For the same reasons , it would be easy to end up with different versions at different locations , especially if the users themselves have the capability to modify the expert system .
for the same reasons , it would be easy to end up with different versions at different locations , especially if the users themselves have the capability to [change] the expert system .

The ability to go back to a previous question in order to modify an answer/input in light of current best information is provided by Truth Maintenance .
the ability to go back to a previous question in order to [change] an answer/input in light of current best information is provided by truth maintenance .

Anthropologists in various parts of the world have found groups of men who have gone to remarkable lengths to modify and improve the sexual equipment with which nature endowed them .
anthropologists in various parts of the world have found groups of men who have gone to remarkable lengths to [change] and improve the sexual equipment with which nature endowed them .

We should develop or modify existing structures as well as work out new ones .
we should develop or [change] existing structures as well as work out new ones .

Similarly , to deal with the earthquake protection requirements at Cruas , more stringent than at most of the other sites , without having to modify the standard model , the power station was built on neoprene bearing pads capable of taking out a large part of any acceleration that might be imparted by the ground .
similarly , to deal with the earthquake protection requirements at cruas , more stringent than at most of the other sites , without having to [change] the standard model , the power station was built on neoprene bearing pads capable of taking out a large part of any acceleration that might be imparted by the ground .

However , he endorses Kewenig 's views about selectivity , and has put into practice a scheme to modify the ‘ Gieskanne ’ principle of funding research .
however , he endorses kewenig 's views about selectivity , and has put into practice a scheme to [change] the ‘ gieskanne ’ principle of funding research .

So we might modify our question , and ask whether the study of cave life has told us anything at all about the great questions of evolution and ecology .
so we might [change] our question , and ask whether the study of cave life has told us anything at all about the great questions of evolution and ecology .

Cosslett is far from convincing in her attempt to modify the view that Victorian science was a major element in Hardy 's gloomy outlook on the Universe .
cosslett is far from convincing in her attempt to [change] the view that victorian science was a major element in hardy 's gloomy outlook on the universe .

To prepare multilayer films , the Israeli scientists first needed to modify their special molecule .
to prepare multilayer films , the israeli scientists first needed to [change] their special molecule .

We are treating the subject like an experimental science — that is suck it and see , being prepared to modify our ideas as we learn more about the process of innovation .
we are treating the subject like an experimental science — that is suck it and see , being prepared to [change] our ideas as we learn more about the process of innovation .

While the double-blind trial is well suited to testing of conventional drugs it often can not be applied to complementary therapies , for instance , the acupuncturist must establish a close link with the patient during treatment , and the therapist must know which points he is needling and possibly modify them as the patient 's responses change .
while the double-blind trial is well suited to testing of conventional drugs it often can not be applied to complementary therapies , for instance , the acupuncturist must establish a close link with the patient during treatment , and the therapist must know which points he is needling and possibly [change] them as the patient 's responses change .

Secondly , a non-porphyrin ligand would be easier to chemically modify and so permit study of a greater range of ligand structural variations .
secondly , a non-porphyrin ligand would be easier to chemically [change] and so permit study of a greater range of ligand structural variations .

We wanted to know whether Ruby and her kind ever used another object to modify the rocks or sticks they found , to make true tools , in the human sense .
we wanted to know whether ruby and her kind ever used another object to [change] the rocks or sticks they found , to make true tools , in the human sense .

The octopus can even modify the texture of its skin at high speed , a smooth , plain surface suddenly furrowing up into complex folds and ridges and gaining a complex blotched patterning at the same time .
the octopus can even [change] the texture of its skin at high speed , a smooth , plain surface suddenly furrowing up into complex folds and ridges and gaining a complex blotched patterning at the same time .

Attempts to test and modify materials ( although included in the programme ) were perfunctory since there was a tightly structured writing and production schedule to meet .
attempts to test and [change] materials ( although included in the programme ) were perfunctory since there was a tightly structured writing and production schedule to meet .

Formative evaluation ( to use the current jargon ) , is so obviously more important than summative , since you need to modify things as they develop rather than wring your hands over them when they have failed .
formative evaluation ( to use the current jargon ) , is so obviously more important than summative , since you need to [change] things as they develop rather than wring your hands over them when they have failed .

All the indications are that man 's efforts successfully to modify and refine the product of the evolutionary process by the introduction of civilisation , have been almost destroyed by the tangled mass of religious absurdity and rubbish which he has allowed to enter into it , and reduce it to but a tragic travesty of what it should be .
all the indications are that man 's efforts successfully to [change] and refine the product of the evolutionary process by the introduction of civilisation , have been almost destroyed by the tangled mass of religious absurdity and rubbish which he has allowed to enter into it , and reduce it to but a tragic travesty of what it should be .

This is unacceptable , man made them and therefore has the right to modify or discard them .
this is unacceptable , man made them and therefore has the right to [change] or discard them .

Each firm will want to modify or amplify this list to meet particular organisational and business needs .
each firm will want to [change] or amplify this list to meet particular organisational and business needs .

Up to this point Bukharin still regarded the peasantry as being ‘ external ’ to the working class , and a source of ‘ petty-bourgeois economy ’ , a position he was later to modify .
up to this point bukharin still regarded the peasantry as being ‘ external ’ to the working class , and a source of ‘ petty-bourgeois economy ’ , a position he was later to [change] .

In the transition period planning will modify the law of value , but on the basis of the law of labour expenditure .
in the transition period planning will [change] the law of value , but on the basis of the law of labour expenditure .

In summary , one can say that one can not teach any creature to mentally be like any other , since we have no handle by which we may modify the essential mind structure of another creature .
in summary , one can say that one can not teach any creature to mentally be like any other , since we have no handle by which we may [change] the essential mind structure of another creature .

In fact , were we able to modify the mind structure of another creature , we would find that we had ‘ miraculously ’ modified the body as well .
in fact , were we able to [change] the mind structure of another creature , we would find that we had ‘ miraculously ’ modified the body as well .

During psychotherapy or hypnotherapy , the patient should acquire new insights into his or her own problems , which can help to modify unhealthy ways of thinking and behaving .
during psychotherapy or hypnotherapy , the patient should acquire new insights into his or her own problems , which can help to [change] unhealthy ways of thinking and behaving .

Furthermore , specific surface active groups , van der Waals ' forces , electric field gradients , steric effects etc are bound to modify the approach of an analyte to the surface .
furthermore , specific surface active groups , van der waals ' forces , electric field gradients , steric effects etc are bound to [change] the approach of an analyte to the surface .

On the routes between sources and receptors , many environmental processes work to eliminate , modify to more or less harmful substances , or transfer chemicals between land , sea and air .
on the routes between sources and receptors , many environmental processes work to eliminate , [change] to more or less harmful substances , or transfer chemicals between land , sea and air .

To modify and mould attitudes ?
to [change] and mould attitudes ?

This distinction is partly based on the timing of the evaluation , and partly on the purpose for which it is intended : formative evaluation is carried out during the development of a course or programme and provides direct feedback about the functioning of the different parts of the programme , thereby giving information which can be used to modify the educational process .
this distinction is partly based on the timing of the evaluation , and partly on the purpose for which it is intended : formative evaluation is carried out during the development of a course or programme and provides direct feedback about the functioning of the different parts of the programme , thereby giving information which can be used to [change] the educational process .

Information collected and analysed could then be used to modify the course .
information collected and analysed could then be used to [change] the course .

Their insistence on selling only complete packages made the cost of buying the guides too expensive , but at the same time individual purchasing libraries have often gone on to modify the guides for local use ; and this is the greatest block to co-ordinated and centralized production — librarians prefer to prepare their own guides , tailor-made for their particular local needs .
their insistence on selling only complete packages made the cost of buying the guides too expensive , but at the same time individual purchasing libraries have often gone on to [change] the guides for local use ; and this is the greatest block to co-ordinated and centralized production — librarians prefer to prepare their own guides , tailor-made for their particular local needs .

Therapists should also be flexible so that they can modify their therapeutic approach according to patients ' needs .
therapists should also be flexible so that they can [change] their therapeutic approach according to patients ' needs .

Ways of helping patients modify their attitudes are discussed below .
ways of helping patients [change] their attitudes are discussed below .

Helping the patient to modify such attitudes may sometimes be necessary before he is able to change his behaviour or effectively pursue tasks necessary to achieve his chosen goals .
helping the patient to [change] such attitudes may sometimes be necessary before he is able to change his behaviour or effectively pursue tasks necessary to achieve his chosen goals .

The aim will then be to encourage the family to try and modify their interactions within the therapy session , before practising this at home .
the aim will then be to encourage the family to try and [change] their interactions within the therapy session , before practising this at home .

The goal of discipline is to modify desire , not merely behaviour .
the goal of discipline is to [change] desire , not merely behaviour .

Penalties may be combined with rewards in order to modify children 's behaviour .
penalties may be combined with rewards in order to [change] children 's behaviour .

Despite the government 's determination to modify regional expenditure in the mid-1980s , total regional aid — both selective assistance and the more important automatic development grant — amounted to almost £700 million in 1986–7 .
despite the government 's determination to [change] regional expenditure in the mid-1980s , total regional aid — both selective assistance and the more important automatic development grant — amounted to almost £700 million in 1986–7 .

Although we did very sincerely attempt to treat all four children alike , we soon realised that in fairness we would have to modify that intention .
although we did very sincerely attempt to treat all four children alike , we soon realised that in fairness we would have to [change] that intention .

In the end , Palmerston had to modify the proposal so that only £30,000 for a portion of the site was voted , with £10,000 for necessary repairs to the old buildings .
in the end , palmerston had to [change] the proposal so that only £30,000 for a portion of the site was voted , with £10,000 for necessary repairs to the old buildings .

Parenting practices can modify children ’ s temperaments and assist them in coping with stressful life events .
parenting practices can [change] children ’ s temperaments and assist them in coping with stressful life events .

Adults need to modify these strategies to suit children ’ s play maturity , providing assistance tailored to the child ’ s “ zone. ” Sticking with directive interventions does not prompt children to come up with effective solutions to conﬂict as it arises—strategies that work because they take into account both the child ’ s and the playmate ’ s desires .
adults need to [change] these strategies to suit children ’ s play maturity , providing assistance tailored to the child ’ s “ zone. ” sticking with directive interventions does not prompt children to come up with effective solutions to conﬂict as it arises—strategies that work because they take into account both the child ’ s and the playmate ’ s desires .

The impermissibility of the statute is dismissed with the rhetorical question : “ Whoever doubted the authority of Parliament to change or modify the common law ? ” 16 The notion of legislative power to regulate the economy prevailed .
the impermissibility of the statute is dismissed with the rhetorical question : “ whoever doubted the authority of parliament to change or [change] the common law ? ” 16 the notion of legislative power to regulate the economy prevailed .

Let us modify the device such that the cannonball , after hitting the paddle wheel and setting it spinning , is deflected downward onto the ground and digs a long shallow groove in the dirt , with high sides due to the displaced dirt .
let us [change] the device such that the cannonball , after hitting the paddle wheel and setting it spinning , is deflected downward onto the ground and digs a long shallow groove in the dirt , with high sides due to the displaced dirt .

Thus the cell does work , both to construct constraints and to modify those constraints , by raising or lowering potential barriers such that chemical energy is released .
thus the cell does work , both to construct constraints and to [change] those constraints , by raising or lowering potential barriers such that chemical energy is released .

I will modify the Carnot machine in one central way , which does not alter but rather makes explicit an important feature of the actual working of the Carnot machine .
i will [change] the carnot machine in one central way , which does not alter but rather makes explicit an important feature of the actual working of the carnot machine .

The agency offers forms for renters to try to get their security deposit returned , and forms for people who want to get divorced or modify their divorce decree .
the agency offers forms for renters to try to get their security deposit returned , and forms for people who want to get divorced or [change] their divorce decree .

They may either adopt the models intact , modify them to meet their specific needs , or ignore them .
they may either adopt the models intact , [change] them to meet their specific needs , or ignore them .

He recounted that Gentilello 's goal for research was to modify interventions that work in other settings for use in EDs rather than creating new ones .
he recounted that gentilello 's goal for research was to [change] interventions that work in other settings for use in eds rather than creating new ones .

However , agency efforts to use COTS products have been hampered by the government 's failure to communicate requirements and functionality effectively to the vendors and a proclivity on the part of agencies to modify software to meet existing business processes and to replicate previous system functionality .
however , agency efforts to use cots products have been hampered by the government 's failure to communicate requirements and functionality effectively to the vendors and a proclivity on the part of agencies to [change] software to meet existing business processes and to replicate previous system functionality .

This information helps in making decisions such as to contract work out , undertake a project , or increase , decrease , modify , or eliminate an activity or product .
this information helps in making decisions such as to contract work out , undertake a project , or increase , decrease , [change] , or eliminate an activity or product .

Because of its power to create and fund programs , the involvement of Congress is indispensable to defining each agency 's mission and establishing its goals.8 This may entail identifying legislative changes that are needed to clarify or modify Congress ' intent and expectations or to address differing conditions and citizens ' needs that have occurred since the initial statutory requirements were established .
because of its power to create and fund programs , the involvement of congress is indispensable to defining each agency 's mission and establishing its goals.8 this may entail identifying legislative changes that are needed to clarify or [change] congress ' intent and expectations or to address differing conditions and citizens ' needs that have occurred since the initial statutory requirements were established .

The act requires that each agency report annually to the President and to Congress on its performance-specifically , on the extent to which it is meeting its annual performance goals and the actions needed to achieve or modify those goals that have not been met .
the act requires that each agency report annually to the president and to congress on its performance-specifically , on the extent to which it is meeting its annual performance goals and the actions needed to achieve or [change] those goals that have not been met .

As discussed below , the proposed rule would modify an existing reporting requirement applicable to all hospitals serving Medicare beneficiaries .
as discussed below , the proposed rule would [change] an existing reporting requirement applicable to all hospitals serving medicare beneficiaries .

Several recent examples include GAO « s review of the process the Forest Service used to modify the Tongass National Forest plan,9 the process used by NASA to contract for the design and delivery of the international space station propulsion module,10 and the process used by the Army Corps of Engineers in preparing an environmental impact statement for actions related to the Snake River dams.11 The legislative history of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1970 , which enacted the authority now contained in section 717 ( b ) , supports a broad interpretation of GAO « s authority .
several recent examples include gao « s review of the process the forest service used to [change] the tongass national forest plan,9 the process used by nasa to contract for the design and delivery of the international space station propulsion module,10 and the process used by the army corps of engineers in preparing an environmental impact statement for actions related to the snake river dams.11 the legislative history of the legislative reorganization act of 1970 , which enacted the authority now contained in section 717 ( b ) , supports a broad interpretation of gao « s authority .

Moreover , in any event , 9 Tongass National Forest : Process Used to Modify the Forest Plan , GAO/RCED-00-45 April 17 , 2000 .
moreover , in any event , 9 tongass national forest : process used to [change] the forest plan , gao/rced-00-45 april 17 , 2000 .

We suggested that the agency modify its proposal to require travelers to list each expense individually on the travel voucher .
we suggested that the agency [change] its proposal to require travelers to list each expense individually on the travel voucher .

The additional GAGAS standard does not modify these responsibilities .
the additional gagas standard does not [change] these responsibilities .

Conversely , the auditors should modify their report as necessary if they find the comments valid .
conversely , the auditors should [change] their report as necessary if they find the comments valid .

Conversely , the auditors should modify their report as necessary if they find the comments valid .
conversely , the auditors should [change] their report as necessary if they find the comments valid .

Conversely , the auditors should modify their report as necessary if they find the comments valid .
conversely , the auditors should [change] their report as necessary if they find the comments valid .

We expect to modify our banded system in the future based on our experience to date .
we expect to [change] our banded system in the future based on our experience to date .

The evaluators could at this point either modify the first graphic , based on information from the second site , or prepare an independent flowchart .
the evaluators could at this point either [change] the first graphic , based on information from the second site , or prepare an independent flowchart .

This could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.25 As the Congress moves to modify the federal budget process with the expiration of the Budget Enforcement Act , attention is warranted as to how the process considers the long-term implications of alternative spending choices .
this could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.25 as the congress moves to [change] the federal budget process with the expiration of the budget enforcement act , attention is warranted as to how the process considers the long-term implications of alternative spending choices .

The final rule did not substantially modify the requirements for the controlled business disclosure and , therefore , HUD did not submit the disclosure requirements to OMB in connection with this rulemaking .
the final rule did not substantially [change] the requirements for the controlled business disclosure and , therefore , hud did not submit the disclosure requirements to omb in connection with this rulemaking .

LSC has endeavored to minimize the burden on programs in the collection of this information through the design of a carefully developed data collection instrument , the collection of information only once a year , and through efforts to modify existing case management systems to allow for collection of this information .
lsc has endeavored to minimize the burden on programs in the collection of this information through the design of a carefully developed data collection instrument , the collection of information only once a year , and through efforts to [change] existing case management systems to allow for collection of this information .

The Vice President for Programs may request that and the President may direct OCE to further work with the recipient on an acceptable resolution or appropriately modify the request .
the vice president for programs may request that and the president may direct oce to further work with the recipient on an acceptable resolution or appropriately [change] the request .

In 2002 , recommendations and requirements issued in the wake of our visits led several programs to substantially modify their intake procedures .
in 2002 , recommendations and requirements issued in the wake of our visits led several programs to substantially [change] their intake procedures .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing .
therefore , the total estimated time to [change] the title v operating permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of SCR on one combustion unit is about 21 months .
therefore , the total estimated time to [change] the title v operating permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of scr on one combustion unit is about 21 months .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 12 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of ACI on one combustion unit is about 15 months , as shown in Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A .
therefore , the total estimated time to [change] the title v operating permit is about 12 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of aci on one combustion unit is about 15 months , as shown in exhibit a-5 in appendix a .

If someone thinks we need to modify our regulations to encourage niche classification cases , let us know .
if someone thinks we need to [change] our regulations to encourage niche classification cases , let us know .

Ashcroft had also inherited an ongoing debate on whether and how to modify the 1995 procedures governing intelligence sharing between the FBI and the Justice Department 's Criminal Division .
ashcroft had also inherited an ongoing debate on whether and how to [change] the 1995 procedures governing intelligence sharing between the fbi and the justice department 's criminal division .

Without mechanistic information about why the von Dassow network does what it does , it is difficult to relate it to other work , or to modify it to accommodate new information or new demands .
without mechanistic information about why the von dassow network does what it does , it is difficult to relate it to other work , or to [change] it to accommodate new information or new demands .

Recent research has focused on determining this program so as to be able to modify it in rational ways by genetic engineering and thus generate novel drug candidates .
recent research has focused on determining this program so as to be able to [change] it in rational ways by genetic engineering and thus generate novel drug candidates .

The carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and modify keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .
the carbon chain of the polyketide would be assembled and modified progressively as the molecule moved along the protein , interacting with each domain in turn , which would select extender units , make carbon–carbon bonds , and [change] keto groups as appropriate , depending on the presence or absence of domains for the three steps in the reductive cycle .

How does a single reductive enzyme know which keto groups to modify ?
how does a single reductive enzyme know which keto groups to [change] ?

Many plant species also modify the environment they experience by generating organic litter ; influencing hydrological and biogeochemical cycles ; affecting temperature , humidity , and light regimes ; and , over the longer term , determining the make up of the atmosphere .
many plant species also [change] the environment they experience by generating organic litter ; influencing hydrological and biogeochemical cycles ; affecting temperature , humidity , and light regimes ; and , over the longer term , determining the make up of the atmosphere .

Clements realised nearly a hundred years ago , early-succession plants frequently modify their environment in ways that allow other species to replace the pioneers .
clements realised nearly a hundred years ago , early-succession plants frequently [change] their environment in ways that allow other species to replace the pioneers .

In this essay , we present practical proposals to modify trade rules based solely on intellectual property so that alternative policy instruments can be used to encourage innovation .
in this essay , we present practical proposals to [change] trade rules based solely on intellectual property so that alternative policy instruments can be used to encourage innovation .

Some studies have suggested that keeping pets actually protects against later allergy—i.e. , that early exposure may somehow modify an individual 's immune system to tolerate specific antigens .
some studies have suggested that keeping pets actually protects against later allergy—i.e. , that early exposure may somehow [change] an individual 's immune system to tolerate specific antigens .

Various attempts to modify aberrant immune responses to specific allergens , such as those to cat dander , have been made .
various attempts to [change] aberrant immune responses to specific allergens , such as those to cat dander , have been made .

Although the molecular signaling mechanisms that transduce the effects of phasic patterns of work activity to modify muscle mass are incompletely understood , recent evidence implicates pathways that include the signaling molecules PI3 kinase , Akt , mTOR , S6K , and ERK , the ubiquitin ligases MAFbx and MuRF1 , and transcription factors of the FOX superfamily in the control of both catabolic and anabolic processes [ 21,22,23,24 ] .
although the molecular signaling mechanisms that transduce the effects of phasic patterns of work activity to [change] muscle mass are incompletely understood , recent evidence implicates pathways that include the signaling molecules pi3 kinase , akt , mtor , s6k , and erk , the ubiquitin ligases mafbx and murf1 , and transcription factors of the fox superfamily in the control of both catabolic and anabolic processes [ 21,22,23,24 ] .

He says , “ The upshot of this paper is that it is now possible to modify a particular methyl group in just about any anthracycline antibiotic . ”
he says , “ the upshot of this paper is that it is now possible to [change] a particular methyl group in just about any anthracycline antibiotic . ”

Additionally , it has been recommended that patients should be monitored closely to determine whether and when it is necessary to modify treatment in order to maximize the benefit [ 5 ] .
additionally , it has been recommended that patients should be monitored closely to determine whether and when it is necessary to [change] treatment in order to maximize the benefit [ 5 ] .

Ca n't we modify a plant at will by introducing a new gene or two into an existing variety ?
ca n't we [change] a plant at will by introducing a new gene or two into an existing variety ?

Here , without an industrial partner , Krogstad and colleagues are using in-house chemistry and computational assistance to modify chloroquine analogs in an effort to overcome the problem of chloroquine resistance in malaria treatment .
here , without an industrial partner , krogstad and colleagues are using in-house chemistry and computational assistance to [change] chloroquine analogs in an effort to overcome the problem of chloroquine resistance in malaria treatment .

It can be nearly impossible to convince successful professionals on the lecture circuit to modify the presentation of their own work to support such a theme .
it can be nearly impossible to convince successful professionals on the lecture circuit to [change] the presentation of their own work to support such a theme .

A prion has been defined as `` small proteinaceous infectious particles which resist inactivation by procedures that modify nucleic acids '' .
a prion has been defined as `` small proteinaceous infectious particles which resist inactivation by procedures that [change] nucleic acids '' .

Pundits rushed to join the outcry to modify this policy to allow the scoundrels to be brought to justice .
pundits rushed to join the outcry to [change] this policy to allow the scoundrels to be brought to justice .

It is therefore quite possible that President Lee might , after all , be persuaded by the Americans to modify his stance and revert to his earlier position . ''
it is therefore quite possible that president lee might , after all , be persuaded by the americans to [change] his stance and revert to his earlier position . ''

It expressed misgivings about a statement in Cairo by new Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak that he wanted to modify parts of the Wye agreement .
it expressed misgivings about a statement in cairo by new israeli prime minister ehud barak that he wanted to [change] parts of the wye agreement .

Jonathan Rauch replies : Committee chairmen ( and privileged witnesses ) do sometimes modify hearing transcripts , but not in this case : I checked the hearing transcript against a videotape .
jonathan rauch replies : committee chairmen ( and privileged witnesses ) do sometimes [change] hearing transcripts , but not in this case : i checked the hearing transcript against a videotape .

In other words , you could legitimately state that `` The Labour Party represents the interests of organized labor in the U.K. '' To modify the names of people and organizations to fit a localized spelling style is to show disrespect to the owners of those names , and condescension to your readers .
in other words , you could legitimately state that `` the labour party represents the interests of organized labor in the u.k. '' to [change] the names of people and organizations to fit a localized spelling style is to show disrespect to the owners of those names , and condescension to your readers .

McCain resists the political horse trading that underlies legislating : He has said he has no plans to modify the tobacco bill to get it passed .
mccain resists the political horse trading that underlies legislating : he has said he has no plans to [change] the tobacco bill to get it passed .

No explanation of why Bradley 's comment was `` thoughtful , '' as opposed to , say , stupid , given the ultimate pathetic failure of Gorbachev 's attempt to modify Communism rather than replace it .
no explanation of why bradley 's comment was `` thoughtful , '' as opposed to , say , stupid , given the ultimate pathetic failure of gorbachev 's attempt to [change] communism rather than replace it .

The possibility that Iraq will back off its attempt to prevent or modify weapons inspections leads USA Today , the New York Times , and the Los Angeles Times .
the possibility that iraq will back off its attempt to prevent or [change] weapons inspections leads usa today , the new york times , and the los angeles times .

This disclosure , says the WP , puts a new spin on Russia 's recent diplomatic efforts to modify the inspection procedures applying to Iraq : perhaps they are designed , not to head off a war , but to keep such mass destruction fingerprints from being lifted .
this disclosure , says the wp , puts a new spin on russia 's recent diplomatic efforts to [change] the inspection procedures applying to iraq : perhaps they are designed , not to head off a war , but to keep such mass destruction fingerprints from being lifted .

So they boldly stray into efforts to modify the behaviors of individuals .
so they boldly stray into efforts to [change] the behaviors of individuals .

The board has no plans to remove or modify this software , although individual schools may phone for help in making their own alterations .
the board has no plans to remove or [change] this software , although individual schools may phone for help in making their own alterations .

It matters whether it is 10 or 12 or eight , because every time we rewrite a criminal statute or modify the rules of evidence , we are adjusting the terms of the trade-off .
it matters whether it is 10 or 12 or eight , because every time we rewrite a criminal statute or [change] the rules of evidence , we are adjusting the terms of the trade-off .

There are several other chemicals in marijuana that may modify the effects of THC alone , and smoking a drug is a different experience from injecting it .
there are several other chemicals in marijuana that may [change] the effects of thc alone , and smoking a drug is a different experience from injecting it .

The second section consists of an alphabetically ordered inverted list of intensifiers , alongside each of which is a list of those intensificands which it can modify .
the second section consists of an alphabetically ordered inverted list of intensifiers , alongside each of which is a list of those intensificands which it can [change] .

The name Grande Riviére de la Baleine became anglicized into Great Whale River , but this is ambiguous in English since the Great can modify either Whale or River .
the name grande riviére de la baleine became anglicized into great whale river , but this is ambiguous in english since the great can [change] either whale or river .

Robert Rennick has noted that many local citizens were indignant that civilization had chosen to modify the name .
robert rennick has noted that many local citizens were indignant that civilization had chosen to [change] the name .

It happens when a speaker wants to modify the adjective another , and comes up ( turns around ? )
it happens when a speaker wants to [change] the adjective another , and comes up ( turns around ? )

Even more common in Santa Fe are names in which adjectives fail to agree as to gender with the nouns they modify , for example : Calle Largo , Calle Lejano , or Calle Contento .
even more common in santa fe are names in which adjectives fail to agree as to gender with the nouns they [change] , for example : calle largo , calle lejano , or calle contento .

Opportunities to modify spelling may be more or less limitless , but they may also be rather dangerous .
opportunities to [change] spelling may be more or less limitless , but they may also be rather dangerous .

Contrary to popular belief , the point of studying verbal aggression is not to modify or ameliorate or eliminate it—serious scholars consider it bad form to tamper with the evidence—but to describe and codify it , much as investigators have tried to do with all other available phenomena , whether natural or artificial , whether in pure or physical or social science .
contrary to popular belief , the point of studying verbal aggression is not to [change] or ameliorate or eliminate it—serious scholars consider it bad form to tamper with the evidence—but to describe and codify it , much as investigators have tried to do with all other available phenomena , whether natural or artificial , whether in pure or physical or social science .

Safire 's syndrome would have been of little concern in the 18th century , before eponyms became fashionable , and , according to Johnson 's Dictionary of the English Language , before the adjective possessive would modify case .
safire 's syndrome would have been of little concern in the 18th century , before eponyms became fashionable , and , according to johnson 's dictionary of the english language , before the adjective possessive would [change] case .

