This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the Kennedy administration has felt compelled to make .
this is another of the [changes] of policy on laos that the kennedy administration has felt compelled to make .

Such modifications are all for the best but it takes something as different as a Deerstalker or a Jet to change arms-making concepts .
such [changes] are all for the best but it takes something as different as a deerstalker or a jet to change arms-making concepts .

J. T. Shotwell was appalled by such spurious history as that which attributed the fall of the Carolingian empire to the woolen trade , and he urged Adams to `` transform his essay into a real history , embodying not merely those facts which fit into his theory , but also the modifications and exceptions '' .
j. t. shotwell was appalled by such spurious history as that which attributed the fall of the carolingian empire to the woolen trade , and he urged adams to `` transform his essay into a real history , embodying not merely those facts which fit into his theory , but also the [changes] and exceptions '' .

Modifications of the last technique have been applied by several groups of investigators .
[changes] of the last technique have been applied by several groups of investigators .

The same system , with minor modifications , was developed in Ruanda-Urundi under Belgian administration .
the same system , with minor [changes] , was developed in ruanda-urundi under belgian administration .

Carl Eduard Schmidt counted 1804 different lines repeated exactly in the two Homeric poems , and by increasing this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight modifications he counted 2118 different lines used a total of 5612 times .
carl eduard schmidt counted 1804 different lines repeated exactly in the two homeric poems , and by increasing this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight [changes] he counted 2118 different lines used a total of 5612 times .

Meanwhile as the funeral 's taken place today of Katherine and James Tomlins in Cork , the owners of the Celtic Pride said that they would be withdrawing the vessel from service next week for modifications to the sewage system .
meanwhile as the funeral 's taken place today of katherine and james tomlins in cork , the owners of the celtic pride said that they would be withdrawing the vessel from service next week for [changes] to the sewage system .

They 've been sponsored by Rover dealers round the country to build the kit karts and introduce their own technical modifications .
they 've been sponsored by rover dealers round the country to build the kit karts and introduce their own technical [changes] .

Bedworth denies conspiracy to use telecommunications dishonestly , conspiracy to gain unauthorised access to computers and conspiracy to make unauthorised modifications to information held on computers between June 1989 and June 1991 .
bedworth denies conspiracy to use telecommunications dishonestly , conspiracy to gain unauthorised access to computers and conspiracy to make unauthorised [changes] to information held on computers between june 1989 and june 1991 .

One , two or three modifications ( Table 1 , duplexes 2-4 ) .
one , two or three [changes] ( table 1 , duplexes 2-4 ) .

Local boats could not fish much deeper without major modifications .
local boats could not fish much deeper without major [changes] .

He used the event to test modifications to his Peugeot 205 GTi , carried out by Autotech of Thirsk over the winter season .
he used the event to test [changes] to his peugeot 205 gti , carried out by autotech of thirsk over the winter season .

Hardware Many hundreds of simple , cheap modifications have been made to enable maintenance and operations teams to ‘ Work Smarter not Harder .
hardware many hundreds of simple , cheap [changes] have been made to enable maintenance and operations teams to ‘ work smarter not harder .

’ The first modifications allowing the achievement of three hour change-over time cost £5,500 [ not a lot ! ]
’ the first [changes] allowing the achievement of three hour change-over time cost £5,500 [ not a lot ! ]

Continuous modifications over the years have left the present course as a lovely example of rural heathland golf .
continuous [changes] over the years have left the present course as a lovely example of rural heathland golf .

Evolution requires very many difficult and coordinated genetic modifications , which clearly are coterminous with , or causally related to , geophysical changes .
evolution requires very many difficult and coordinated genetic [changes] , which clearly are coterminous with , or causally related to , geophysical changes .

For this reason some scientists argue that changes in the environment are not a satisfactory explanation because they are not sufficiently unique , and whatever phenotypic modifications occurred might just as easily be renewed or reversed .
for this reason some scientists argue that changes in the environment are not a satisfactory explanation because they are not sufficiently unique , and whatever phenotypic [changes] occurred might just as easily be renewed or reversed .

Did all these guitarists want basically the same kind of modifications ?
did all these guitarists want basically the same kind of [changes] ?

The church was rebuilt in the 13th century and further modifications and restoration were carried out in the 15th century .
the church was rebuilt in the 13th century and further [changes] and restoration were carried out in the 15th century .

Although homoeopathy has survived for close on two hundred years without drastic changes , it is not a static thing , and variations and modifications have been made to it throughout its history .
although homoeopathy has survived for close on two hundred years without drastic changes , it is not a static thing , and variations and [changes] have been made to it throughout its history .

In Britain Dr Richard Hughes introduced modifications into Hahnemann 's original teachings in order to popularize homoeopathy and to make it simpler to prescribe .
in britain dr richard hughes introduced [changes] into hahnemann 's original teachings in order to popularize homoeopathy and to make it simpler to prescribe .

In America Dr James Tyler Kent was appalled by such modifications , feeling that many of the practices which Hahnemann had campaigned against had crept into the practice of homoeopathy itself in the one hundred or so years since its rediscovery .
in america dr james tyler kent was appalled by such [changes] , feeling that many of the practices which hahnemann had campaigned against had crept into the practice of homoeopathy itself in the one hundred or so years since its rediscovery .

They specified modifications which must be carried out on the ship before it will be allowed to sail again .
they specified [changes] which must be carried out on the ship before it will be allowed to sail again .

Other styles employed , which are modifications of cleft grafting , are : Aerial ; Cadillac , Mayorquine , and field budding .
other styles employed , which are [changes] of cleft grafting , are : aerial ; cadillac , mayorquine , and field budding .

Weightman and Bullen Ltd were appointed by the Governors to undertake the re-development of the St. Vincent Road site with a brief , which in addition to the specialist and general teaching requirements , incorporated the need for essential modifications , specifically , increased staff accommodation/toilets , improved Administration facilities and a general improvement in pupil toilet provision , to cater for the increased population of the School .
weightman and bullen ltd were appointed by the governors to undertake the re-development of the st. vincent road site with a brief , which in addition to the specialist and general teaching requirements , incorporated the need for essential [changes] , specifically , increased staff accommodation/toilets , improved administration facilities and a general improvement in pupil toilet provision , to cater for the increased population of the school .

When modifications are made to the categories employed in the monitoring , large statistical changes can follow .
when [changes] are made to the categories employed in the monitoring , large statistical changes can follow .

One of the modifications carried out to correct this was the replacement of the light alloy material of the inner torsion box top skin with stainless steel .
one of the [changes] carried out to correct this was the replacement of the light alloy material of the inner torsion box top skin with stainless steel .

The effect of this , quite naturally , is for even the most conscientious of organisations not to bring out modifications or amendments and to keep their fingers crossed in the hope that their suspicions of a failure or shortcoming will prove to be unsubstantiated .
the effect of this , quite naturally , is for even the most conscientious of organisations not to bring out [changes] or amendments and to keep their fingers crossed in the hope that their suspicions of a failure or shortcoming will prove to be unsubstantiated .

Additional modifications to the cargo door locking and pressurisation systems are being considered as part of a continued investigation effort .
additional [changes] to the cargo door locking and pressurisation systems are being considered as part of a continued investigation effort .

‘ Other modifications of the door closing system and methods of mitigating the effects of sudden depressurisation of the aft cargo compartment were still under study at the time of the accident . ’
‘ other [changes] of the door closing system and methods of mitigating the effects of sudden depressurisation of the aft cargo compartment were still under study at the time of the accident . ’

Modifications to lifestyle , such as performing calisthenics and returning to normal frequency of sex , were also more likely to have occurred .
[changes] to lifestyle , such as performing calisthenics and returning to normal frequency of sex , were also more likely to have occurred .

The trouble is , we now know that they are being re-issued … and we have cause to think that they might have undergone quite extensive modifications .
the trouble is , we now know that they are being re-issued … and we have cause to think that they might have undergone quite extensive [changes] .

No one can predict the future of boxing , either at the level of particular victories or defeats , in effect a structure of repetition , nor at the more general level of possible modifications or developments of the sport .
no one can predict the future of boxing , either at the level of particular victories or defeats , in effect a structure of repetition , nor at the more general level of possible [changes] or developments of the sport .

SunSoft Inc has adopted London-based Alex Technolgies Ltd 's graphical user interface tool for use with Solaris 2.0 in its master developer series on Intel and Sparc platforms : Alex allows users to transform their character applications to run under Open Look without modifications to the code .
sunsoft inc has adopted london-based alex technolgies ltd 's graphical user interface tool for use with solaris 2.0 in its master developer series on intel and sparc platforms : alex allows users to transform their character applications to run under open look without [changes] to the code .

In other words , they view the future as involving little radical change ; in this latter scenario it is possible to foresee a situation in which the existing broadcasting organizations continue to operate effectively and efficiently , albeit with some modifications .
in other words , they view the future as involving little radical change ; in this latter scenario it is possible to foresee a situation in which the existing broadcasting organizations continue to operate effectively and efficiently , albeit with some [changes] .

This model , based initially on the fairly crude neuroanatomical data available a century ago , has stood the test of time remarkably well but data obtained over the last two decades have prompted modifications in the details .
this model , based initially on the fairly crude neuroanatomical data available a century ago , has stood the test of time remarkably well but data obtained over the last two decades have prompted [changes] in the details .

In this process , the contents , forms and operations of national sovereignty should undergo necessary modifications .
in this process , the contents , forms and operations of national sovereignty should undergo necessary [changes] .

Within these one can still discern the ‘ earlier ’ items , whose syntactic combination in accordance with Montague 's formation rules involves only relatively minor peripheral modifications ( just what one would expect on the Sampson-Simon model ) .
within these one can still discern the ‘ earlier ’ items , whose syntactic combination in accordance with montague 's formation rules involves only relatively minor peripheral [changes] ( just what one would expect on the sampson-simon model ) .

The new lower-level structures are then themselves syntactically combined , again with peripheral modifications not obliterating their essential unity , into yet higher ones ; and so on , until the sentence in question is produced .
the new lower-level structures are then themselves syntactically combined , again with peripheral [changes] not obliterating their essential unity , into yet higher ones ; and so on , until the sentence in question is produced .

Anti-corrosion treatments and a never-ceasing number of airframe , engine and systems modifications are required to keep the necessary standard .
anti-corrosion treatments and a never-ceasing number of airframe , engine and systems [changes] are required to keep the necessary standard .

Modifications included increased capacity gravity-feed fuel tanks in which the outboard tanks were re-located closer to the centre-line , and aerodynamically refined radiators positioned toward the rear of each engine nacelle .
[changes] included increased capacity gravity-feed fuel tanks in which the outboard tanks were re-located closer to the centre-line , and aerodynamically refined radiators positioned toward the rear of each engine nacelle .

They may also want to gather together other material to suit their own modifications and preferences , if any ( eg blackboard and copies of their own examples ) .
they may also want to gather together other material to suit their own [changes] and preferences , if any ( eg blackboard and copies of their own examples ) .

( albeit with modifications ) as language is detached from the face-to-face situation . ( Berger and Luckmann 1971 : 53 )
( albeit with [changes] ) as language is detached from the face-to-face situation . ( berger and luckmann 1971 : 53 )

This construction proved very successful and , with minor modifications , is still the standard way of making aeroplanes .
this construction proved very successful and , with minor [changes] , is still the standard way of making aeroplanes .

In this time , you can file new applications if further modifications to your idea strike .
in this time , you can file new applications if further [changes] to your idea strike .

There is a substantial belief in ‘ scientific management ’ in enterprises and although there may be modifications of this basic notion it remains remarkably robust .
there is a substantial belief in ‘ scientific management ’ in enterprises and although there may be [changes] of this basic notion it remains remarkably robust .

But Kuhn insists that scientists never abandon a paradigm until they have found another , even at the cost of that supposed blasphemy against the spirit of science , the saving of hypotheses by ad hoc modifications when they conflict with observation .
but kuhn insists that scientists never abandon a paradigm until they have found another , even at the cost of that supposed blasphemy against the spirit of science , the saving of hypotheses by ad hoc [changes] when they conflict with observation .

Agreement in July 1906 , this batch of ten cars was transferred to the new South Metropolitan Company , who over the years carried out a number of modifications on them .
agreement in july 1906 , this batch of ten cars was transferred to the new south metropolitan company , who over the years carried out a number of [changes] on them .

Being the main work-horses of the fleet and later being regarded , misguidedly , as suitable for through running to London , these cars underwent a number of modifications during their long lives .
being the main work-horses of the fleet and later being regarded , misguidedly , as suitable for through running to london , these cars underwent a number of [changes] during their long lives .

Most of these cars received hardly any modifications but remained in good condition .
most of these cars received hardly any [changes] but remained in good condition .

Very few modifications were carried out on these cars while in the ownership of Croydon Corporation .
very few [changes] were carried out on these cars while in the ownership of croydon corporation .

‘ E/1s ’ , hardly any modifications were necessary .
‘ e/1s ’ , hardly any [changes] were necessary .

Apart from the removal of the track brakes , few modifications seem to have been made to any of these cars before the 1914–1918 war .
apart from the removal of the track brakes , few [changes] seem to have been made to any of these cars before the 1914–1918 war .

These five cars received the least modifications of any of the South Metropolitan fleet and in fact it was many years before they were even repainted , running in deep chocolate and ivory , with only the fleet numbers and badges altered .
these five cars received the least [changes] of any of the south metropolitan fleet and in fact it was many years before they were even repainted , running in deep chocolate and ivory , with only the fleet numbers and badges altered .

When sent away to Hendon , a few more modifications were made .
when sent away to hendon , a few more [changes] were made .

Before going into service on the South Metropolitan , only those modifications necessary to make them suitable for working on that system were made .
before going into service on the south metropolitan , only those [changes] necessary to make them suitable for working on that system were made .

They conclude : ‘ On the basis of our review , we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the interim financial information as presented , and in our opinion it has been prepared using accounting policies consistent with those adopted by the group in its statutory accounts for the year ended 31 December 1991 . ’
they conclude : ‘ on the basis of our review , we are not aware of any material [changes] that should be made to the interim financial information as presented , and in our opinion it has been prepared using accounting policies consistent with those adopted by the group in its statutory accounts for the year ended 31 december 1991 . ’

The orang-utan lineage appears to have originated from within the first trend , with further modifications of skull and postcrania , but with little change in environments .
the orang-utan lineage appears to have originated from within the first trend , with further [changes] of skull and postcrania , but with little change in environments .

Other studies have suggested purely postsynaptic modifications .
other studies have suggested purely postsynaptic [changes] .

Postsynaptic modifications .
postsynaptic [changes] .

Presynaptic modifications .
presynaptic [changes] .

Although this postclassical perspective contains some important modifications of the original classical position , it still retains its essential spirit as an explanatory framework .
although this postclassical perspective contains some important [changes] of the original classical position , it still retains its essential spirit as an explanatory framework .

When members of Congress returned to Washington , not only did the Senate Republicans stand firm a third time , but conservative and moderate Democrats were emboldened to seek further cuts in spending , together with modifications to Mr Clinton 's energy tax .
when members of congress returned to washington , not only did the senate republicans stand firm a third time , but conservative and moderate democrats were emboldened to seek further cuts in spending , together with [changes] to mr clinton 's energy tax .

Of those polled , 51% believe that the government is making too many concessions to Palestinians , 82% oppose the return of the deportees , 89% reject any change in the status of Jerusalem as Israel 's undivided capital , and 59% oppose what you constantly demand , that is , withdrawal to the pre-1967 lines with slight modifications .
of those polled , 51% believe that the government is making too many concessions to palestinians , 82% oppose the return of the deportees , 89% reject any change in the status of jerusalem as israel 's undivided capital , and 59% oppose what you constantly demand , that is , withdrawal to the pre-1967 lines with slight [changes] .

Thus if it is held that really we are substances ( Descartes ) , then , it would seem , it must also be held that all we can be aware of in perception are modifications of ourselves , which are , at most , the representations in us of modifications of other substances .
thus if it is held that really we are substances ( descartes ) , then , it would seem , it must also be held that all we can be aware of in perception are [changes] of ourselves , which are , at most , the representations in us of [changes] of other substances .

If these modifications are called ‘ sensations ’ , and if it is allowed that different substances can be related causally , then on this view something 's looking white to someone is his having certain sensations which are excited in him by what we would ordinarily say was the object he saw to be white .
if these [changes] are called ‘ sensations ’ , and if it is allowed that different substances can be related causally , then on this view something 's looking white to someone is his having certain sensations which are excited in him by what we would ordinarily say was the object he saw to be white .

Though it has remained in much the same place , it has undergone very extensive modifications and these have profoundly influenced the distribution of its wildlife .
though it has remained in much the same place , it has undergone very extensive [changes] and these have profoundly influenced the distribution of its wildlife .

There is , however , continuing controversy about the extent to which reductions in mortality , especially in middle age and late life , have depended in the past and will depend in the future on collective measures to control the physical and social environment , or on voluntary , individualistic modifications in personal life-styles .
there is , however , continuing controversy about the extent to which reductions in mortality , especially in middle age and late life , have depended in the past and will depend in the future on collective measures to control the physical and social environment , or on voluntary , individualistic [changes] in personal life-styles .

Welford 's Cambridge group set out to identify the nature of the work for which the older worker was best suited and the most suitable methods of retraining those whose skills had become redundant as the result of modifications in the industrial process ( Welford 1951 ) .
welford 's cambridge group set out to identify the nature of the work for which the older worker was best suited and the most suitable methods of retraining those whose skills had become redundant as the result of [changes] in the industrial process ( welford 1951 ) .

This paper is also translucent , so a new sheet can be put over a previous attempt and the work can then be repeated with modifications by tracing through .
this paper is also translucent , so a new sheet can be put over a previous attempt and the work can then be repeated with [changes] by tracing through .

… Our research also told us that the Student 's Book had to be in colour , so we took out the pictures and began again — using two pictures instead of one wherever possible — so that we stay up to date with the latest modifications to the Interview , Paper 5 .
… our research also told us that the student 's book had to be in colour , so we took out the pictures and began again — using two pictures instead of one wherever possible — so that we stay up to date with the latest [changes] to the interview , paper 5 .

Two companies at Long Beach were hired to do the actual airframe modifications .
two companies at long beach were hired to do the actual airframe [changes] .

Cal-Volair did the Zeke modifications and the extensive work on the Kates .
cal-volair did the zeke [changes] and the extensive work on the kates .

Studio cost of the modifications for the Kate were $ 23,000 .
studio cost of the [changes] for the kate were $ 23,000 .

Engine and airframe modifications have reached a possible zenith , the airscrew might well constitute the last trip to the warbird racing well .
engine and airframe [changes] have reached a possible zenith , the airscrew might well constitute the last trip to the warbird racing well .

so that modifications could be introduced in the physical , social or educational environments of these children which would help them achieve at the same level of conceptual development as is found in children from western societies . ( de Lemos , 1974 : 380 )
so that [changes] could be introduced in the physical , social or educational environments of these children which would help them achieve at the same level of conceptual development as is found in children from western societies . ( de lemos , 1974 : 380 )

Modifications to the general view are only minor and it is obvious that relationships between black sportsmen and their coaches and managers are structured by such a view .
[changes] to the general view are only minor and it is obvious that relationships between black sportsmen and their coaches and managers are structured by such a view .

These modifications virtually ensured that Germany could not win the ensuing battle and would ultimately lose the war .
these [changes] virtually ensured that germany could not win the ensuing battle and would ultimately lose the war .

Pupils with special educational needs may require particular help to pursue the programmes and targets , or in some cases modifications to those , and this problem is addressed in chapter 11 .
pupils with special educational needs may require particular help to pursue the programmes and targets , or in some cases [changes] to those , and this problem is addressed in chapter 11 .

Pupils with special educational needs should therefore be able to participate in the attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements , subject where appropriate to the modifications we recommend below .
pupils with special educational needs should therefore be able to participate in the attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements , subject where appropriate to the [changes] we recommend below .

The Working Group 's suggestions will also be relevant to some of the pupils with special educational needs but without statements , whose particular requirements could be met by statutory modifications ( which the 1988 Act allows in respect of children falling within certain cases and circumstances ) to or within Orders for attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements for English .
the working group 's suggestions will also be relevant to some of the pupils with special educational needs but without statements , whose particular requirements could be met by statutory [changes] ( which the 1988 act allows in respect of children falling within certain cases and circumstances ) to or within orders for attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements for english .

Pupils with less severe hearing impairments may also need modifications to the requirements , but of a less far-reaching nature .
pupils with less severe hearing impairments may also need [changes] to the requirements , but of a less far-reaching nature .

They were lifted in 1954 , but re-imposed in 1955 with the new aim of reducing demand for consumer durables , by setting minimum deposits and maximum repayment periods for certain goods , and stayed in force almost continuously , though with frequent modifications .
they were lifted in 1954 , but re-imposed in 1955 with the new aim of reducing demand for consumer durables , by setting minimum deposits and maximum repayment periods for certain goods , and stayed in force almost continuously , though with frequent [changes] .

3 Enhancements and Modifications
3 enhancements and [changes]

3.2 may ask to build in enhancements and/or modifications resulting from its knowledge of selling the Licensed Software in its Territories .
3.2 may ask to build in enhancements and/or [changes] resulting from its knowledge of selling the licensed software in its territories .

If these enhancements and/or modifications are recognized to be universally applicable , will carry out the necessary work and will bear the cost of this .
if these enhancements and/or [changes] are recognized to be universally applicable , will carry out the necessary work and will bear the cost of this .

and determine in their sole discretion whether , and if so which , enhancements and modifications will be implemented .
and determine in their sole discretion whether , and if so which , enhancements and [changes] will be implemented .

4.2 acknowledges that the copyright in any modifications , additions or translations commissioned or otherwise effected by and at the expense of to meet market needs in the Territories shall remain the copyright of .
4.2 acknowledges that the copyright in any [changes] , additions or translations commissioned or otherwise effected by and at the expense of to meet market needs in the territories shall remain the copyright of .

10.1 shall offer training in the use of the Licensed Software , its modifications and enhancements to key technical , promotional and sales representatives of or of sub-licensees .
10.1 shall offer training in the use of the licensed software , its [changes] and enhancements to key technical , promotional and sales representatives of or of sub-licensees .

In the event or termination you must immediately destroy the Program together with all the copies , modifications , and merged portions and return the hardware key ( dongle ) .
in the event or termination you must immediately destroy the program together with all the copies , [changes] , and merged portions and return the hardware key ( dongle ) .

3.3.1.1 make without 's consent ( not to be unreasonably withheld ) any modifications to the work or the converted text of the work , the Licensed Products or their packaging .
3.3.1.1 make without 's consent ( not to be unreasonably withheld ) any [changes] to the work or the converted text of the work , the licensed products or their packaging .

4.4 Modifications
4.4 [changes]

4.4 Modifications
4.4 [changes]

the abolition of profit making and democratic control mark out cooperation as nothing less than a revolution , so fundamental , vital , and transforming is the change it is effecting in the economic structure of society … We are working for no patchwork modifications , for no ‘ reconciliation of capital and labour ’ , for no ‘ infusion of a better spirit ’ into old industrial forms .
the abolition of profit making and democratic control mark out cooperation as nothing less than a revolution , so fundamental , vital , and transforming is the change it is effecting in the economic structure of society … we are working for no patchwork [changes] , for no ‘ reconciliation of capital and labour ’ , for no ‘ infusion of a better spirit ’ into old industrial forms .

Questions concerned with access to the curriculum lie at the heart of any whole-school policy . What factors limit the access of certain children to the curriculum ? What modifications are necessary to ensure fuller curriculum access ? Are there areas of the curriculum from which some children are excluded ? Is this because they are thought ‘ unlikely to be able to benefit ’ ? And even if they are physically present , are there particular lessons or activities which are inaccessible because textbooks or work-sheets demand a level of literacy and comprehension which effectively prevent access ? Are there tasks in which children partly or wholly fail to understand the language which the teacher is using ? Are some teaching styles inappropriate for individual children ?
questions concerned with access to the curriculum lie at the heart of any whole-school policy . what factors limit the access of certain children to the curriculum ? what [changes] are necessary to ensure fuller curriculum access ? are there areas of the curriculum from which some children are excluded ? is this because they are thought ‘ unlikely to be able to benefit ’ ? and even if they are physically present , are there particular lessons or activities which are inaccessible because textbooks or work-sheets demand a level of literacy and comprehension which effectively prevent access ? are there tasks in which children partly or wholly fail to understand the language which the teacher is using ? are some teaching styles inappropriate for individual children ?

Recommendations in the light of this information will be proffered in terms of the resources , environmental adaptations , curriculum modifications and special teaching methods needed to meet the pupil 's individual needs .
recommendations in the light of this information will be proffered in terms of the resources , environmental adaptations , curriculum [changes] and special teaching methods needed to meet the pupil 's individual needs .

Choice of books and modifications to print
choice of books and [changes] to print

Such lads of calibre must be sought out early in another respect as well ; for bodily modifications must commence as soon after the onset of adolescence as could be .
such lads of calibre must be sought out early in another respect as well ; for bodily [changes] must commence as soon after the onset of adolescence as could be .

The second reading debate then dealt with the principle of the measure and could go on as long as members wished to speak , the government soon sensing whether it could proceed or whether modifications were needed .
the second reading debate then dealt with the principle of the measure and could go on as long as members wished to speak , the government soon sensing whether it could proceed or whether [changes] were needed .

The geographical distribution of both doctors and hospitals has remained in favour of the upper socio-economic groups with only very slight modifications .
the geographical distribution of both doctors and hospitals has remained in favour of the upper socio-economic groups with only very slight [changes] .

By so doing they can often make modifications which buy off subsequent opposition .
by so doing they can often make [changes] which buy off subsequent opposition .

What thus far was a general argument for the validity of all social sciences was given a special emphasis by Vico 's idea of finding the ‘ principles ’ of civil society ‘ within the modifications of our own human mind ’ .
what thus far was a general argument for the validity of all social sciences was given a special emphasis by vico 's idea of finding the ‘ principles ’ of civil society ‘ within the [changes] of our own human mind ’ .

Relations then vary from diverse occasional employment , still not far from the situation of the market professional , to quite new relations , through retainers and serial contracts , in which the writer becomes , in effect , the employed and ( with modifications such as royalties ) salaried professional .
relations then vary from diverse occasional employment , still not far from the situation of the market professional , to quite new relations , through retainers and serial contracts , in which the writer becomes , in effect , the employed and ( with [changes] such as royalties ) salaried professional .

This demands an examination of how the courts have interpreted shareholder interests , and a consideration of the theoretical and practical consequences of the modifications to the model .
this demands an examination of how the courts have interpreted shareholder interests , and a consideration of the theoretical and practical consequences of the [changes] to the model .

First , it can be an index of every record position in the file ; modifications of this method lead to indexed sequential files , and are dealt with in Chapter 7 .
first , it can be an index of every record position in the file ; [changes] of this method lead to indexed sequential files , and are dealt with in chapter 7 .

Today 's worship contains the same basic ingredients in most Nonconformist churches , although there are usually some modifications to the accepted pattern .
today 's worship contains the same basic ingredients in most nonconformist churches , although there are usually some [changes] to the accepted pattern .

It was of course necessary to introduce modifications in method and procedure , which have sometimes been ( wrongly ) thought to be in opposition to Labov 's work .
it was of course necessary to introduce [changes] in method and procedure , which have sometimes been ( wrongly ) thought to be in opposition to labov 's work .

These modifications are required because of the similarity of our task to the ethnographic tasks described in Cohen ( 1982 ) .
these [changes] are required because of the similarity of our task to the ethnographic tasks described in cohen ( 1982 ) .

The language of urban people , to the extent that it is ‘ modified ’ , is modified vernacular : it can not be adequately explained in terms of modifications to the ‘ standard ’ ( in which many speakers show no interest at all ) .
the language of urban people , to the extent that it is ‘ modified ’ , is modified vernacular : it can not be adequately explained in terms of [changes] to the ‘ standard ’ ( in which many speakers show no interest at all ) .

As for the doorstep survey , this was carried out in order to generalize about the speech of the city as a whole , and in this way to be able to describe modifications to the vernacular that might be of general import .
as for the doorstep survey , this was carried out in order to generalize about the speech of the city as a whole , and in this way to be able to describe [changes] to the vernacular that might be of general import .

The Comptroller and Auditor General shall for the financial year ending 31st March 1984 and for each subsequent financial year prepare an estimate of the expenses of the National Audit Office ; and the Commission shall examine that estimate and lay it before the House of Commons with such modifications , if any , as the Commission see fit .
the comptroller and auditor general shall for the financial year ending 31st march 1984 and for each subsequent financial year prepare an estimate of the expenses of the national audit office ; and the commission shall examine that estimate and lay it before the house of commons with such [changes] , if any , as the commission see fit .

Here , engineers complain that the work situation is dominated by assignments in connection with modifications to product design in order to meet national requirements of the various countries .
here , engineers complain that the work situation is dominated by assignments in connection with [changes] to product design in order to meet national requirements of the various countries .

In other words , the small island communities modified their rules as conditions required , and such modifications became part of the collective cultural inheritance , to be called upon when new situations arose .
in other words , the small island communities modified their rules as conditions required , and such [changes] became part of the collective cultural inheritance , to be called upon when new situations arose .

Such modifications may be determined endogenously , as a society itself modifies its cultural form in order to cope with circumstances , such as population pressure , or they may be influenced exogenously , as with the impact of the colonial powers in the Pacific .
such [changes] may be determined endogenously , as a society itself modifies its cultural form in order to cope with circumstances , such as population pressure , or they may be influenced exogenously , as with the impact of the colonial powers in the pacific .

They represent modifications of various sorts of the straightforward relations , which generally render them in some way imperfect , limited , or attenuated .
they represent [changes] of various sorts of the straightforward relations , which generally render them in some way imperfect , limited , or attenuated .

In the school year 1981/82 , the staff review exercise was repeated , but once again with modifications .
in the school year 1981/82 , the staff review exercise was repeated , but once again with [changes] .

Everyone will be allowed to view the original design sketch , only the `` designer `` menu will allow modifications to be made to that level of data .
everyone will be allowed to view the original design sketch , only the `` designer `` menu will allow [changes] to be made to that level of data .

Modifications can then be investigated .
[changes] can then be investigated .

Here , each component is established within its own local space , allowing modifications and additions to be made to each model independently .
here , each component is established within its own local space , allowing [changes] and additions to be made to each model independently .

Moreover , Dewey gave an undertaking that no drastic changes would ever be made in the allocation of numbers to subjects , although certain modifications have been made in recent editions .
moreover , dewey gave an undertaking that no drastic changes would ever be made in the allocation of numbers to subjects , although certain [changes] have been made in recent editions .

The Universal Decimal Classification is based on the main sub-divisions of the Dewey system with certain modifications .
the universal decimal classification is based on the main sub-divisions of the dewey system with certain [changes] .

However , there are modifications to suit each animal 's particular needs , which affect how the animal hears the world .
however , there are [changes] to suit each animal 's particular needs , which affect how the animal hears the world .

We shall start again with a resistive ring but make two modifications .
we shall start again with a resistive ring but make two [changes] .

Increasing falsifiability and ad hoc modifications
increasing falsifiability and ad hoc [changes]

The demand that , as a science progresses , its theories should become more and more falsifiable , and consequently have more and more content and be more and more informative , rules out modifications in theories that are designed merely to protect a theory from a threatening falsification .
the demand that , as a science progresses , its theories should become more and more falsifiable , and consequently have more and more content and be more and more informative , rules out [changes] in theories that are designed merely to protect a theory from a threatening falsification .

Modifications of a theory in an attempt to overcome a difficulty need not be ad hoc .
[changes] of a theory in an attempt to overcome a difficulty need not be ad hoc .

Here are some examples of modifications that are not ad hoc , and which consequently are acceptable from a falsificationist point of view .
here are some examples of [changes] that are not ad hoc , and which consequently are acceptable from a falsificationist point of view .

What kinds of additions and modifications are to be permitted by a good scientific methodology and what kinds are to be ruled out as non-scientific ?
what kinds of additions and [changes] are to be permitted by a good scientific methodology and what kinds are to be ruled out as non-scientific ?

Modifications or additions to the protective belt of a research programme must be independently testable .
[changes] or additions to the protective belt of a research programme must be independently testable .

In the same way that these changes have varied spatially — both regionally and at a local scale — so too have the modifications to social organizations themselves varied .
in the same way that these changes have varied spatially — both regionally and at a local scale — so too have the [changes] to social organizations themselves varied .

These modifications are relatively slow , probably requiring hours or days , and they are thought to depend heavily on growth processes .
these [changes] are relatively slow , probably requiring hours or days , and they are thought to depend heavily on growth processes .

The Secretary of State may from time to time revise the whole or any part of a code of practice to which this section applies and issue that revised code ; and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply ( with appropriate modifications ) to such a revised code as they apply to the first issue of a code .
the secretary of state may from time to time revise the whole or any part of a code of practice to which this section applies and issue that revised code ; and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply ( with appropriate [changes] ) to such a revised code as they apply to the first issue of a code .

For the rest , a great deal of what you have to do in the detective novel will be much what the writer of the blueprint story had to do , though in each department there will be modifications .
for the rest , a great deal of what you have to do in the detective novel will be much what the writer of the blueprint story had to do , though in each department there will be [changes] .

The process of oral transmission across many centuries led to modifications and even radical changes in the themes and in the characteristics of the main actors .
the process of oral transmission across many centuries led to [changes] and even radical changes in the themes and in the characteristics of the main actors .

Due to the modifications that the Doctor had made to his own vintage car , Bessie , he found that he had forgotten just how slow the genuine article 's top speed was without intervention from superior technology .
due to the [changes] that the doctor had made to his own vintage car , bessie , he found that he had forgotten just how slow the genuine article 's top speed was without intervention from superior technology .

’ The purpose of this somewhat complex provision is to preserve , with some modifications , the old rule of scienter liability for tame animals .
’ the purpose of this somewhat complex provision is to preserve , with some [changes] , the old rule of scienter liability for tame animals .

It has been pointed out that there are biases in the system that make it much easier for some interests to be heard than others , and much easier for modifications to the status quo to be vetoed than to be supported .
it has been pointed out that there are biases in the system that make it much easier for some interests to be heard than others , and much easier for [changes] to the status quo to be vetoed than to be supported .

The policy-making process is like the design of a building for a specific occupant by an architects the implementation process affects policy design quite early on and will continue to influence some details of it even after implementation has begun , just as modifications are made to buildings after occupancy .
the policy-making process is like the design of a building for a specific occupant by an architects the implementation process affects policy design quite early on and will continue to influence some details of it even after implementation has begun , just as [changes] are made to buildings after occupancy .

The formation of base modifications is a post-transcriptional event , and thus a part of the maturation of the precursor tRNAs .
the formation of base [changes] is a post-transcriptional event , and thus a part of the maturation of the precursor trnas .

One way to circumvent these problems is to microinject synthetic or semi-synthetic tRNAs into Xenopus laevis oocytes ( 9 , 10 ) , a system that is inherently optimized for all kinds of tRNA modifications , also those requiring cofactors .
one way to circumvent these problems is to microinject synthetic or semi-synthetic trnas into xenopus laevis oocytes ( 9 , 10 ) , a system that is inherently optimized for all kinds of trna [changes] , also those requiring cofactors .

The results presented in this paper on the formation of base modifications in yeast tRNA Asp variants microinjected into X.laevis oocytes are summarized in Fig .
the results presented in this paper on the formation of base [changes] in yeast trna asp variants microinjected into x.laevis oocytes are summarized in fig .

The synthesis of modifications in the anticodon stem and loop were shown to be the most sensitive ones .
the synthesis of [changes] in the anticodon stem and loop were shown to be the most sensitive ones .

that there is only one substance which is in fact identical with the whole of reality , and that the only plurality there is or can be is the plurality of `` attributes and modifications `` .
that there is only one substance which is in fact identical with the whole of reality , and that the only plurality there is or can be is the plurality of `` attributes and [changes] `` .

But if this is possible , the conclusion must be that , basically , there can be only one ontological existent , and that all properties are merely qualities — or , using more convenient words , `` states `` or `` modifications `` — of that one existent .
but if this is possible , the conclusion must be that , basically , there can be only one ontological existent , and that all properties are merely qualities — or , using more convenient words , `` states `` or `` [changes] `` — of that one existent .

The authors suggest that the lists can contribute towards decisions on disapplications and modifications : ‘ These should help to decide whether a child is capable of reaching ATs in the areas covered by the scales ’ ( Webster and Webster 1990 : 9 ) .
the authors suggest that the lists can contribute towards decisions on disapplications and [changes] : ‘ these should help to decide whether a child is capable of reaching ats in the areas covered by the scales ’ ( webster and webster 1990 : 9 ) .

The ‘ individual ’ approach adopts the former stance , always starting from the individually assessed needs of each child and trying to produce a ‘ match ’ between child and task ( albeit recognising that the modifications made may well have a beneficial spin-off effect for other children in the class ) .
the ‘ individual ’ approach adopts the former stance , always starting from the individually assessed needs of each child and trying to produce a ‘ match ’ between child and task ( albeit recognising that the [changes] made may well have a beneficial spin-off effect for other children in the class ) .

First of all , if support teachers always take individual needs as their starting point it may be assumed that any modifications to the curriculum for a particular child relate uniquely to that child 's difficulties .
first of all , if support teachers always take individual needs as their starting point it may be assumed that any [changes] to the curriculum for a particular child relate uniquely to that child 's difficulties .

The effectiveness of pupil learning in all curriculum areas , changes in teachers ' attitudes and awareness of the needs of children with learning difficulties , and long-term modifications to curriculum materials and teaching strategies will all be equally , if not more , relevant .
the effectiveness of pupil learning in all curriculum areas , changes in teachers ' attitudes and awareness of the needs of children with learning difficulties , and long-term [changes] to curriculum materials and teaching strategies will all be equally , if not more , relevant .

The prototype came first , built mostly from wood with modifications agreed between Roberts and Cusick as obstacles were encountered .
the prototype came first , built mostly from wood with [changes] agreed between roberts and cusick as obstacles were encountered .

Econometricians are not , in my experience , very good at translating their findings into terms readily understood by those without at least A-level mathematics and statistics : those who are running their own consultancies also have an understandable reluctance to go into the full details of their equations and the modifications that may be required to fit equation and data more closely together .
econometricians are not , in my experience , very good at translating their findings into terms readily understood by those without at least a-level mathematics and statistics : those who are running their own consultancies also have an understandable reluctance to go into the full details of their equations and the [changes] that may be required to fit equation and data more closely together .

Ex parte Handscomb was a case involving a discretionary life sentence , and on 23 July 1987 the Secretary of State made a further policy statement explaining some modifications to the procedure .
ex parte handscomb was a case involving a discretionary life sentence , and on 23 july 1987 the secretary of state made a further policy statement explaining some [changes] to the procedure .

During the course of argument Mr. Gardiner suggested certain alternative modifications to the Woolwich principle as initially enunciated by him .
during the course of argument mr. gardiner suggested certain alternative [changes] to the woolwich principle as initially enunciated by him .

Except so far as is inconsistent with the Insolvency Rules 1986 , the Rules of the Supreme Court and the practice of the High Court apply to bankruptcy proceedings in the High Court , and the County Court Rules and the practice of the county court apply to bankruptcy proceedings in the county court , with the necessary modifications ( r 7.51 ) .
except so far as is inconsistent with the insolvency rules 1986 , the rules of the supreme court and the practice of the high court apply to bankruptcy proceedings in the high court , and the county court rules and the practice of the county court apply to bankruptcy proceedings in the county court , with the necessary [changes] ( r 7.51 ) .

We indicate several places where modifications may be required for alternative underlying semantics .
we indicate several places where [changes] may be required for alternative underlying semantics .

( 1 ) Sections 45 to 50 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 ( which provide for payment of allowances to members of local authorities and other bodies ) shall apply with any necessary modifications to members of licensing boards as if the licensing boards were local authorities .
( 1 ) sections 45 to 50 of the local government ( scotland ) act 1973 ( which provide for payment of allowances to members of local authorities and other bodies ) shall apply with any necessary [changes] to members of licensing boards as if the licensing boards were local authorities .

The form must be such , however , as to confer authority for the sale of alcohol in accordance with the type of licence granted with modifications , if any , in accordance with the provisions of the Act .
the form must be such , however , as to confer authority for the sale of alcohol in accordance with the type of licence granted with [changes] , if any , in accordance with the provisions of the act .

( 2 ) Byelaws made under subsection ( 1 ) above shall not have effect until they are confirmed by the Secretary of State , and the provisions of subsections ( 4 ) to ( 12 ) and ( 15 ) of section 202 of the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 and of section 204 of that Act shall , with any necessary modifications , apply in relation to byelaws to be made or made under this section as they apply in relation to byelaws to be made or made under that Act .
( 2 ) byelaws made under subsection ( 1 ) above shall not have effect until they are confirmed by the secretary of state , and the provisions of subsections ( 4 ) to ( 12 ) and ( 15 ) of section 202 of the local government ( scotland ) act 1973 and of section 204 of that act shall , with any necessary [changes] , apply in relation to byelaws to be made or made under this section as they apply in relation to byelaws to be made or made under that act .

( 2 ) Before application is made for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the modifications , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .
( 2 ) before application is made for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , draft rules as to the persons entitled to use the canteen shall be prepared for submission with the application , and the licensing board shall refuse to grant the licence unless the body providing the canteen undertake to make rules for the canteen in the form of the draft , with the [changes] , if any , required by the licensing board , and not to vary those rules without the consent of the licensing board .

Where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this Part of this Act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this Act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .
where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this part of this act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this part of this act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires [changes] in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .

Long-tailed widow birds live in Kenya ; the males have , among other sexual modifications , a far longer tail than the female .
long-tailed widow birds live in kenya ; the males have , among other sexual [changes] , a far longer tail than the female .

He shows us the modifications which objects thought to be inanimate impose on each other … He prophesies that a study of primordial volumes will open up unheard of horizons .
he shows us the [changes] which objects thought to be inanimate impose on each other … he prophesies that a study of primordial volumes will open up unheard of horizons .

Nevertheless , these are seen as modifications within the traditional adjudicatory framework .
nevertheless , these are seen as [changes] within the traditional adjudicatory framework .

What these modifications indicate however is that this decisional paradigm may not be the most appropriate .
what these [changes] indicate however is that this decisional paradigm may not be the most appropriate .

The modifications which adjudication has been subjected to in the realm of statutory inquiries come close to doing just this .
the [changes] which adjudication has been subjected to in the realm of statutory inquiries come close to doing just this .

It is also to be found in most other industries , where it is employed to produce prototype models , spare parts , modifications to existing plant and countless other ‘ one-off ’ , tailor-made pieces .
it is also to be found in most other industries , where it is employed to produce prototype models , spare parts , [changes] to existing plant and countless other ‘ one-off ’ , tailor-made pieces .

Although emissions of carbon monoxide , hydrocarbons and oxides of nitrogen can be reduced to a certain extent by modifications to the engine combustion , meeting the emission standards requires the fitting of catalytic converters .
although emissions of carbon monoxide , hydrocarbons and oxides of nitrogen can be reduced to a certain extent by [changes] to the engine combustion , meeting the emission standards requires the fitting of catalytic converters .

Federal performance standards were applied to new stationary sources or to existing plants undertaking modifications .
federal performance standards were applied to new stationary sources or to existing plants undertaking [changes] .

With some modifications the structure lasted until the 1972 Local Government Act ushered in a new pattern of elected local administration which became operative from 1 April 1974 , although this was further amended by the 1985 Local Government Act .
with some [changes] the structure lasted until the 1972 local government act ushered in a new pattern of elected local administration which became operative from 1 april 1974 , although this was further amended by the 1985 local government act .

This cascade results in structural modifications to synapses and dendrites and is reflected in alterations in the electrical properties of the cells , as shown by changes in their spontaneous , rhythmic , electrical activity in the hours after training .
this cascade results in structural [changes] to synapses and dendrites and is reflected in alterations in the electrical properties of the cells , as shown by changes in their spontaneous , rhythmic , electrical activity in the hours after training .

Species that overwinter make use of their avian or mammalian pre-adaptations , rather than special modifications , for polar life .
species that overwinter make use of their avian or mammalian pre-adaptations , rather than special [changes] , for polar life .

The species within each type represented different modifications of the basic pattern , each adapted to a particular way of life .
the species within each type represented different [changes] of the basic pattern , each adapted to a particular way of life .

The unity of type suggested that all the vertebrates were merely superficial modifications of a single ground plan — the same basic animal form has been modified in a host of superficial ways .
the unity of type suggested that all the vertebrates were merely superficial [changes] of a single ground plan — the same basic animal form has been modified in a host of superficial ways .

By the late 1820s Geoffroy was arguing that one animal form could be transformed into another by natural processes — not by the accumulation of slight modifications , but by a sudden switching of the growth process so that the development of the individual proceeded in a new direction to mature as a new modification of the basic pattern .
by the late 1820s geoffroy was arguing that one animal form could be transformed into another by natural processes — not by the accumulation of slight [changes] , but by a sudden switching of the growth process so that the development of the individual proceeded in a new direction to mature as a new modification of the basic pattern .

Chambers ' book nevertheless had a positive effect in encouraging people to think in terms of continuous trends in the development of life . In 1849 even Richard Owen hinted briefly that the modifications of the vertebrate archetype might have been unfolded by non-miraculous causes :
chambers ' book nevertheless had a positive effect in encouraging people to think in terms of continuous trends in the development of life . in 1849 even richard owen hinted briefly that the [changes] of the vertebrate archetype might have been unfolded by non-miraculous causes :

The archetypical idea was manifested in the flesh , under divers such modifications , upon this planet , long prior to the existence of those animals species that actually exemplify it .
the archetypical idea was manifested in the flesh , under divers such [changes] , upon this planet , long prior to the existence of those animals species that actually exemplify it .

The separate populations would first constitute mere varieties of the original species , but as the modifications accumulated they would eventually become distinct species in their own right , unable to interbreed with the parent form even if they were brought back into contact with it .
the separate populations would first constitute mere varieties of the original species , but as the [changes] accumulated they would eventually become distinct species in their own right , unable to interbreed with the parent form even if they were brought back into contact with it .

Darwin argued that the study of embryonic stages was important for working out these relationships because the embryo would be less affected than the adult form by the adaptive modifications upon which evolution was based .
darwin argued that the study of embryonic stages was important for working out these relationships because the embryo would be less affected than the adult form by the adaptive [changes] upon which evolution was based .

Except for minor modifications after they branched off the main line , all living species could be treated as steps on the way towards the human form .
except for minor [changes] after they branched off the main line , all living species could be treated as steps on the way towards the human form .

Eventually , in the middle of the afternoon , Golding arrived with his superior , Detective Superintendent Miller , and a squad of technicians , who began making intricate modifications to the telephone in order to monitor incoming calls .
eventually , in the middle of the afternoon , golding arrived with his superior , detective superintendent miller , and a squad of technicians , who began making intricate [changes] to the telephone in order to monitor incoming calls .

‘ The modifications that are being made to it will probably increase that range by anything up to thirty miles .
‘ the [changes] that are being made to it will probably increase that range by anything up to thirty miles .

The first , ‘ Verifiability ’ ( 1945 ) , suggested modifications of the principle of verification to accommodate the essential indeterminacy of symbolism ( ‘ open texture ’ ) .
the first , ‘ verifiability ’ ( 1945 ) , suggested [changes] of the principle of verification to accommodate the essential indeterminacy of symbolism ( ‘ open texture ’ ) .

Pilcher 's first trials with the Bat in the summer of 1895 showed that Lilienthal had been right to insist that a horizontal tail surface was essential , and after modifications Pilcher succeeded in making a number of short downhill glides , but the dihedral angle was still too great for lateral stability .
pilcher 's first trials with the bat in the summer of 1895 showed that lilienthal had been right to insist that a horizontal tail surface was essential , and after [changes] pilcher succeeded in making a number of short downhill glides , but the dihedral angle was still too great for lateral stability .

Their ultimate source is maps from Roman imperial times , but in the eleventh and twelfth centuries they received such modifications as the placing of Jerusalem in the centre , as on the Hereford map .
their ultimate source is maps from roman imperial times , but in the eleventh and twelfth centuries they received such [changes] as the placing of jerusalem in the centre , as on the hereford map .

In time , however , he introduced modifications which overcame most of the problems , and his engines became quite well liked by their drivers and firemen .
in time , however , he introduced [changes] which overcame most of the problems , and his engines became quite well liked by their drivers and firemen .

The famous Vardon grip , immortalized in a bronze cast at the South Herts Club , was , with slight modifications , adopted by subsequent professional players and was accepted as orthodox by professional teachers all over the world .
the famous vardon grip , immortalized in a bronze cast at the south herts club , was , with slight [changes] , adopted by subsequent professional players and was accepted as orthodox by professional teachers all over the world .

By December 1761 the observations and modifications of several years ' practical experience led Sutton to believe he had perfected his method .
by december 1761 the observations and [changes] of several years ' practical experience led sutton to believe he had perfected his method .

The launching of the United Nations Decade for Women began in Britain with the passing of Equal Pay and Anti-Sex Discrimination legislation , and so long as women 's demands were not seen as too extreme , and were easily satisfied by a few minor modifications in the administration of sexual injustice , then the liberal socialist establishment seemed happy to make the appropriate gestures .
the launching of the united nations decade for women began in britain with the passing of equal pay and anti-sex discrimination legislation , and so long as women 's demands were not seen as too extreme , and were easily satisfied by a few minor [changes] in the administration of sexual injustice , then the liberal socialist establishment seemed happy to make the appropriate gestures .

If the directors are authorised generally they may also be given power , by the articles or by the resolution , to allot equity securities as if section 89 ( 1 ) did not apply or applied with such modifications as the directors determined .
if the directors are authorised generally they may also be given power , by the articles or by the resolution , to allot equity securities as if section 89 ( 1 ) did not apply or applied with such [changes] as the directors determined .

When they are authorised , whether generally or in relation to a particular allotment , the company may resolve by special resolution that section 89 ( 1 ) shall not apply to a specified allotment under that authority or shall apply with such modifications as are specified in the resolution .
when they are authorised , whether generally or in relation to a particular allotment , the company may resolve by special resolution that section 89 ( 1 ) shall not apply to a specified allotment under that authority or shall apply with such [changes] as are specified in the resolution .

Modifications to the register
[changes] to the register

In addition , the Companies Acts , the Stock Exchange document on Admission of Securities to Listing , and best commercial practice including accounting standards will apply , subject to modifications .
in addition , the companies acts , the stock exchange document on admission of securities to listing , and best commercial practice including accounting standards will apply , subject to [changes] .

Therefore when considering environmental processes the significance of large events must be considered , the modifications to a strict uniformitarian view must be assimilated and the development of step functions and of catastrophe theory must be attempted .
therefore when considering environmental processes the significance of large events must be considered , the [changes] to a strict uniformitarian view must be assimilated and the development of step functions and of catastrophe theory must be attempted .

Perhaps the most significant paper , also geomorphological , was that in which Brown ( 1970 ) characterized man as both a geomorphological process in relation to his direct , purposeful modifications of landforms , and also as indirectly effective through the human influence upon geomorphological processes .
perhaps the most significant paper , also geomorphological , was that in which brown ( 1970 ) characterized man as both a geomorphological process in relation to his direct , purposeful [changes] of landforms , and also as indirectly effective through the human influence upon geomorphological processes .

These varied from what was essentially the retention of the existing system with a few modifications , to an option referred to as a Commerce Railway consisting of about 16 per cent of the existing network ( meaning that to travel from Manchester to Leeds one would need to go via London ) .
these varied from what was essentially the retention of the existing system with a few [changes] , to an option referred to as a commerce railway consisting of about 16 per cent of the existing network ( meaning that to travel from manchester to leeds one would need to go via london ) .

modifications to specific field regulations as a result of approved changes in structure or content ;
[changes] to specific field regulations as a result of approved changes in structure or content ;

Apart from providing important evidence about the relationship between resources and performance in higher education , the demonstration of stable between-area assessment patterns has enabled the Modular Course to successively nudge each area into modifications of assessment practice which gradually bring them closer together .
apart from providing important evidence about the relationship between resources and performance in higher education , the demonstration of stable between-area assessment patterns has enabled the modular course to successively nudge each area into [changes] of assessment practice which gradually bring them closer together .

The changes in the early 1970s were modifications of existing procedure and did not represent a major shift in emphasis .
the changes in the early 1970s were [changes] of existing procedure and did not represent a major shift in emphasis .

In the current absence of radiometric ages for the surface of Mars , Venus and Mercury , it is of considerable interest to see whether the graphs in Figure 8.1 can be applied to these other planets , possibly with modifications , and thus provide a basis for absolute age determination .
in the current absence of radiometric ages for the surface of mars , venus and mercury , it is of considerable interest to see whether the graphs in figure 8.1 can be applied to these other planets , possibly with [changes] , and thus provide a basis for absolute age determination .

There is only one ‘ edition ’ of The Fairy Queen , which was issued first in 1692 — in May , when the show opened ( this is clear from Tonson 's advertisement in The London Gazette ) ; it was re-issued at some time in 1693 , with the modifications already described — a new title-page , a new Act 1 , and two new songs on single-leaf inserts later in the book .
there is only one ‘ edition ’ of the fairy queen , which was issued first in 1692 — in may , when the show opened ( this is clear from tonson 's advertisement in the london gazette ) ; it was re-issued at some time in 1693 , with the [changes] already described — a new title-page , a new act 1 , and two new songs on single-leaf inserts later in the book .

It is also intended to carry out a number of modifications to the current listings , and to introduce new features which will broaden the usefulness of the Directory .
it is also intended to carry out a number of [changes] to the current listings , and to introduce new features which will broaden the usefulness of the directory .

Although each scheme has its pros and cons , and slight modifications might soften its impact , the cumulative effect is irreversible landscape damage , increased pollution and a degraded quality of life .
although each scheme has its pros and cons , and slight [changes] might soften its impact , the cumulative effect is irreversible landscape damage , increased pollution and a degraded quality of life .

The ‘ pink area ’ is agreed with modifications .
the ‘ pink area ’ is agreed with [changes] .

Modifications will then be placed on deposit for consultation though relevant dates for this can not be agreed until the Inspector 's Report has been fully assessed .
[changes] will then be placed on deposit for consultation though relevant dates for this can not be agreed until the inspector 's report has been fully assessed .

The $ 900 million cost of the modifications will be met in part by Finland , Sweden and Norway .
the $ 900 million cost of the [changes] will be met in part by finland , sweden and norway .

1.13 " Lease " means a Lease of the Premises for a term of years commencing on the Term Commencement Date reserving [ a or an initial ] rent of £ ( pounds ) per year such Lease to be in the form of the draft Lease annexed and initialled by or on behalf of the parties with such modifications as may from time to time be agreed in writing by or on behalf of the parties or as may be made pursuant to clause 4 of this agreement
1.13 " lease " means a lease of the premises for a term of years commencing on the term commencement date reserving [ a or an initial ] rent of £ ( pounds ) per year such lease to be in the form of the draft lease annexed and initialled by or on behalf of the parties with such [changes] as may from time to time be agreed in writing by or on behalf of the parties or as may be made pursuant to clause 4 of this agreement

[ 4.1 ] The Landlord may at any time before the Certificate Date require the form of the Lease and the rights and obligations of the parties under it to be varied in such manner as the Landlord shall [ reasonably ] require to take account of any modifications made in accordance with clause 2.4 after the date of this agreement There is limited scope in this clause for substantial amendment to the form of the lease and as very few amendments are foreseeable , a tenant may be justified in deleting this provision , although clause 4.2 contains safeguards which make the clause tolerable if the landlord insists on its retention .
[ 4.1 ] the landlord may at any time before the certificate date require the form of the lease and the rights and obligations of the parties under it to be varied in such manner as the landlord shall [ reasonably ] require to take account of any [changes] made in accordance with clause 2.4 after the date of this agreement there is limited scope in this clause for substantial amendment to the form of the lease and as very few amendments are foreseeable , a tenant may be justified in deleting this provision , although clause 4.2 contains safeguards which make the clause tolerable if the landlord insists on its retention .

4.2.4 make such modifications to the form of the draft lease annexed as in the opinion of Counsel shall be necessary to incorporate any requirements of the Landlord made pursuant to clause 4.1 which in the opinion of Counsel are reasonable and
4.2.4 make such [changes] to the form of the draft lease annexed as in the opinion of counsel shall be necessary to incorporate any requirements of the landlord made pursuant to clause 4.1 which in the opinion of counsel are reasonable and

4.2.5 notify such modifications in writing to the Landlord and the Tenant
4.2.5 notify such [changes] in writing to the landlord and the tenant

However , the general precedents often contain little or no guidance about when to use a particular form , or why a particular term is drafted in a particular way ( although many firms ' own in-house precedents are accompanied by a commentary explaining the terms and offering suggestions for modifications ) .
however , the general precedents often contain little or no guidance about when to use a particular form , or why a particular term is drafted in a particular way ( although many firms ' own in-house precedents are accompanied by a commentary explaining the terms and offering suggestions for [changes] ) .

Following modifications , a flight test was planned over the Wash for the 13th .
following [changes] , a flight test was planned over the wash for the 13th .

Modifications made , the cannon was pronounced ready for a mission on August 15 to Vitry en Artois .
[changes] made , the cannon was pronounced ready for a mission on august 15 to vitry en artois .

The principal results in Section 17.3 go over to the more general case with only minor modifications . In particular , eqn ( 17.43 ) becomes
the principal results in section 17.3 go over to the more general case with only minor [changes] . in particular , eqn ( 17.43 ) becomes

The datasets are not likely to become obsolete in the foreseeable future ; however , it will be essential to keep with them a record not only of the modifications made to them , such as imputation , sampling and Barnardisation , but also information on how these will affect results derived from the data .
the datasets are not likely to become obsolete in the foreseeable future ; however , it will be essential to keep with them a record not only of the [changes] made to them , such as imputation , sampling and barnardisation , but also information on how these will affect results derived from the data .

However , there are cases ( such as property specially built or adapted for a particular occupier ) where modifications are needed .
however , there are cases ( such as property specially built or adapted for a particular occupier ) where [changes] are needed .

For example , the cost of ramps and other modifications to enable a paraplegic to get about the house may even reduce the capital value of the house .
for example , the cost of ramps and other [changes] to enable a paraplegic to get about the house may even reduce the capital value of the house .

These modifications in fact reduce the value of the new property on the open market to £95,000 .
these [changes] in fact reduce the value of the new property on the open market to £95,000 .

Further modifications and addenda took place in the first half of the twentieth century .
further [changes] and addenda took place in the first half of the twentieth century .

Walter Bagehot 's The English Constitution , published in 1867 , constituted a classic description of a Constitution that had not previously been so well sketched , yet a Constitution that was to undergo significant modifications as a result of the passage that very year of the Second Reform Act .
walter bagehot 's the english constitution , published in 1867 , constituted a classic description of a constitution that had not previously been so well sketched , yet a constitution that was to undergo significant [changes] as a result of the passage that very year of the second reform act .

Darwin wrote ( in The Origin of Species ) : If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed which could not possibly have been formed by numerous successive slight modifications , my theory would absolutely break down .
darwin wrote ( in the origin of species ) : if it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed which could not possibly have been formed by numerous successive slight [changes] , my theory would absolutely break down .

One hundred and twenty five years on , we know a lot more about animals and plants than Darwin did , and still not a single case is known to me of a complex organ that could not have been formed by numerous successive slight modifications .
one hundred and twenty five years on , we know a lot more about animals and plants than darwin did , and still not a single case is known to me of a complex organ that could not have been formed by numerous successive slight [changes] .

The external skeleton inherited from their water-living forebears , needed few modifications for life on land , but the millipedes did have to acquire a different method of breathing .
the external skeleton inherited from their water-living forebears , needed few [changes] for life on land , but the millipedes did have to acquire a different method of breathing .

We now give a variant of the method of 2.9.3 ; we do so partly because the variant can save computer time , especially if may iterations are required , but also because it enables us simply to bring out certain features of the method , which lead to possible modifications .
we now give a variant of the method of 2.9.3 ; we do so partly because the variant can save computer time , especially if may iterations are required , but also because it enables us simply to bring out certain features of the method , which lead to possible [changes] .

Although we can not go into the technicalities of Ohmann 's method , it is worth mentioning that the apparatus he used was that of an earlier version of Transformational Grammar , one which subsequently underwent profound modifications . ``
although we can not go into the technicalities of ohmann 's method , it is worth mentioning that the apparatus he used was that of an earlier version of transformational grammar , one which subsequently underwent profound [changes] . ``

In addition to the Pahlavi rugs , Persia produces workshop items in styles that have evolved from those made during the Qajar dynasty ( which ended in the 19th century ) , and there are also numerous village and nomadic groups who , allowing for some minor modifications to the market , still make rugs that have hardly changed for generations .
in addition to the pahlavi rugs , persia produces workshop items in styles that have evolved from those made during the qajar dynasty ( which ended in the 19th century ) , and there are also numerous village and nomadic groups who , allowing for some minor [changes] to the market , still make rugs that have hardly changed for generations .

This discussion has led us into the third and perhaps most important question : since the assumptions will generally be untrue , how robust are the results to minor modifications of the assumptions of the model ?
this discussion has led us into the third and perhaps most important question : since the assumptions will generally be untrue , how robust are the results to minor [changes] of the assumptions of the model ?

These collocations could be regarded as extensions to the base meaning of a particular word ; for example , in the case of ’ weak ’ , we could regard the base meaning as ’ lack of physical strength ’ and then acknowledge modifications to this base meaning when used in the context of describing solutions .
these collocations could be regarded as extensions to the base meaning of a particular word ; for example , in the case of ’ weak ’ , we could regard the base meaning as ’ lack of physical strength ’ and then acknowledge [changes] to this base meaning when used in the context of describing solutions .

So we need a ‘ transactional model ’ rather than a critical period model if we are to understand the course of child development — transactional in the sense that we recognize the constant and progressive mutual modifications of parent and child at all stages of growth .
so we need a ‘ transactional model ’ rather than a critical period model if we are to understand the course of child development — transactional in the sense that we recognize the constant and progressive mutual [changes] of parent and child at all stages of growth .

While the constitutional and legal changes laid the foundations for a breakdown of the dominance of the household and for greater individual rights , especially for women , considerable importance still attaches to some of the characteristics noted in the prewar period , albeit with modifications .
while the constitutional and legal changes laid the foundations for a breakdown of the dominance of the household and for greater individual rights , especially for women , considerable importance still attaches to some of the characteristics noted in the prewar period , albeit with [changes] .

a summary of the modifications required ( if any ) .
a summary of the [changes] required ( if any ) .

In addition , the archive is updated to reflect the current status ( which may change without modifications being made to the text itself ) of each entry in the completed table .
in addition , the archive is updated to reflect the current status ( which may change without [changes] being made to the text itself ) of each entry in the completed table .

The essence of the skill lies in diagnosing a mismatch between the designer 's intentions and what happens in the classroom and then deciding if the mismatch is such that modifications in the unit are necessary .
the essence of the skill lies in diagnosing a mismatch between the designer 's intentions and what happens in the classroom and then deciding if the mismatch is such that [changes] in the unit are necessary .

Each of these suggests appropriate modifications to the unit — perhaps along the lines given in the right-hand column above .
each of these suggests appropriate [changes] to the unit — perhaps along the lines given in the right-hand column above .

In order to start drawing useful inferences leading to sensible modifications of the material , we should also keep in mind these points : ( a ) the observer must thoroughly understand the curriculum designer 's aims and objectives and report in relation to these ( b ) it is necessary for the observer to understand how the teacher has interpreted these intentions ( c ) the curriculum designer must thoroughly understand the facts that the observer has brought back to him ; the dialogue that this implies can produce valuable suggestions for improving the unit ( d ) teachers of differing style must be observed and teachers at differing levels of acclimatization to the program must be observed to obtain full data ( e ) it is also important for the observer to understand which stage of development the unit has reached .
in order to start drawing useful inferences leading to sensible [changes] of the material , we should also keep in mind these points : ( a ) the observer must thoroughly understand the curriculum designer 's aims and objectives and report in relation to these ( b ) it is necessary for the observer to understand how the teacher has interpreted these intentions ( c ) the curriculum designer must thoroughly understand the facts that the observer has brought back to him ; the dialogue that this implies can produce valuable suggestions for improving the unit ( d ) teachers of differing style must be observed and teachers at differing levels of acclimatization to the program must be observed to obtain full data ( e ) it is also important for the observer to understand which stage of development the unit has reached .

We discuss the various arithmetic operations required for this type of system ; modifications for the other systems described in 3.2 should be obvious .
we discuss the various arithmetic operations required for this type of system ; [changes] for the other systems described in 3.2 should be obvious .

The basic algorithm shown in Figure 2.3 is the normal pencil-and-paper method , with modifications to deal with negative numbers held in two 's complement form .
the basic algorithm shown in figure 2.3 is the normal pencil-and-paper method , with [changes] to deal with negative numbers held in two 's complement form .

The main kinds of setae and their modifications are listed below ; the structure of some is now known in great detail through the use of specialized optical techniques and of the scanning and transmission electron microscopes ( e.g .
the main kinds of setae and their [changes] are listed below ; the structure of some is now known in great detail through the use of specialized optical techniques and of the scanning and transmission electron microscopes ( e.g .

In such highly evolved animals as insects the primitive segmentation , in so far as it affects the internal anatomy , has undergone profound modifications ; the segmental repetition of parts is nevertheless retained to some extent in the central nervous system , the heart , tracheal system and in the body musculature .
in such highly evolved animals as insects the primitive segmentation , in so far as it affects the internal anatomy , has undergone profound [changes] ; the segmental repetition of parts is nevertheless retained to some extent in the central nervous system , the heart , tracheal system and in the body musculature .

The various modifications which these organs undergo are of considerable taxonomic importance and are dealt with in the chapters devoted to the different orders of insects .
the various [changes] which these organs undergo are of considerable taxonomic importance and are dealt with in the chapters devoted to the different orders of insects .

They exhibit , however , a wide range of adaptive modifications in different families ( Fig .
they exhibit , however , a wide range of adaptive [changes] in different families ( fig .

Modifications Of Wings — Although wings are usually present in adult insects many species are apterous .
[changes] of wings — although wings are usually present in adult insects many species are apterous .

Among the Panorpoid orders ( Tillyard , 1918a ) the coupling depends on modifications of the bases of the wings , the fore wing possessing on its posterior margin a small jugal lobe while the anterior margin of the hind wing is produced into a small humeral lobe .
among the panorpoid orders ( tillyard , 1918a ) the coupling depends on [changes] of the bases of the wings , the fore wing possessing on its posterior margin a small jugal lobe while the anterior margin of the hind wing is produced into a small humeral lobe .

Modifications of the Nervous System
[changes] of the nervous system

The procedures described below for the culture of post-implantation embryos are derived entirely , albeit with some modifications , from those designed for rat embryos ( 18 ) .
the procedures described below for the culture of post-implantation embryos are derived entirely , albeit with some [changes] , from those designed for rat embryos ( 18 ) .

Compact activities may be coordinated by people from Education or Industry and this may mean reallocation of responsibilities or modifications of job descriptions for some education authority personnel .
compact activities may be coordinated by people from education or industry and this may mean reallocation of responsibilities or [changes] of job descriptions for some education authority personnel .

Most of the new local authorities based their management structure on the Bains recommendations ( Alexander 1982a:69 — 72 ) , usually with modifications affecting the number of committees : local authorities did not follow Bains any more than Maud in the creation of programme committees .
most of the new local authorities based their management structure on the bains recommendations ( alexander 1982a:69 — 72 ) , usually with [changes] affecting the number of committees : local authorities did not follow bains any more than maud in the creation of programme committees .

The Local Government and Housing Act 1989 empowers the Secretary of State to require local authorities to incorporate proscribed provisions into their standing orders and to make or refrain from making other modifications ( Clause 20 ) .
the local government and housing act 1989 empowers the secretary of state to require local authorities to incorporate proscribed provisions into their standing orders and to make or refrain from making other [changes] ( clause 20 ) .

There were also , of course , later accretions , later developments and modifications , later amalgamations with other doctrines , and these engendered a plethora of additional names — Gnostic , Manichaean , Sabean , Mandaean , Nestorian , Elkasaite .
there were also , of course , later accretions , later developments and [changes] , later amalgamations with other doctrines , and these engendered a plethora of additional names — gnostic , manichaean , sabean , mandaean , nestorian , elkasaite .

Nor is there any real evolution , only the inevitable modifications of time , in his personal feelings , the loyal determined affection for his drab wife Mana , his jealous longing for Lady Barbara Wellesley and his brief encounter with Mane de Graçay during his escape from France .
nor is there any real evolution , only the inevitable [changes] of time , in his personal feelings , the loyal determined affection for his drab wife mana , his jealous longing for lady barbara wellesley and his brief encounter with mane de graçay during his escape from france .

The formula was to be used , with suitable modifications , right up to and occasionally beyond the 1940s .
the formula was to be used , with suitable [changes] , right up to and occasionally beyond the 1940s .

Netherwood has carried out modifications to the kit and relaunched it as the Rotorway Exec 90 , currently selling for $ 35,000 including power plant .
netherwood has carried out [changes] to the kit and relaunched it as the rotorway exec 90 , currently selling for $ 35,000 including power plant .

The other types of symbols are equally internalized by society 's members , and as this is not part of Freud 's theory , Parsons suggests modifications to it to incorporate these types of symbols also .
the other types of symbols are equally internalized by society 's members , and as this is not part of freud 's theory , parsons suggests [changes] to it to incorporate these types of symbols also .

There are three modifications suggested by Parsons :
there are three [changes] suggested by parsons :

Thirdly , there would need to be modifications to the notion of id-impulses , for these can not be a direct emotion , unfiltered , as it were , by the expressive symbolism of the common culture .
thirdly , there would need to be [changes] to the notion of id-impulses , for these can not be a direct emotion , unfiltered , as it were , by the expressive symbolism of the common culture .

Far from being modifications to Freud , Talcott Parsons 's changes to the theory remove the whole purpose of sociologists turning to Freud in order to move away from the over-socialized conception of man .
far from being [changes] to freud , talcott parsons 's changes to the theory remove the whole purpose of sociologists turning to freud in order to move away from the over-socialized conception of man .

Under the terms of the truce and the modifications agreed to it on 27 June , the siege of Quimperlé would be lifted , Duke John would withdraw his army from Brittany , Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte would be handed over to papal mediators who would deliver it to the King of France when the truce expired , and the English would receive 40,000 francs in compensation .
under the terms of the truce and the [changes] agreed to it on 27 june , the siege of quimperlé would be lifted , duke john would withdraw his army from brittany , saint-sauveur-le-vicomte would be handed over to papal mediators who would deliver it to the king of france when the truce expired , and the english would receive 40,000 francs in compensation .

Advantage was taken of a double reactor shutdown to install some common carbon dioxide system modifications .
advantage was taken of a double reactor shutdown to install some common carbon dioxide system [changes] .

‘ The objective of the project is to upgrade the refuelling plant to improve operating efficiency and to make modifications which will allow us to refuel the reactors on load by spring 1994 ’ .
‘ the objective of the project is to upgrade the refuelling plant to improve operating efficiency and to make [changes] which will allow us to refuel the reactors on load by spring 1994 ’ .

About 4700 drawings will be changed and 170 modifications made .
about 4700 drawings will be changed and 170 [changes] made .

Formal assessment of modifications submissions is vital and Jill Featherstone of Computers & documentation at Torness keeps the paperwork moving .
formal assessment of [changes] submissions is vital and jill featherstone of computers & documentation at torness keeps the paperwork moving .

This consideration has resulted in continuation of the same procedures with some minor modifications for the second phase of pilot schemes .
this consideration has resulted in continuation of the same procedures with some minor [changes] for the second phase of pilot schemes .

Account will be taken of specialised modifications ( e.g .
account will be taken of specialised [changes] ( e.g .

Although of a somewhat specialized nature , with certain modifications .
although of a somewhat specialized nature , with certain [changes] .

The Council would consider seeking modifications to its Charter to allow it to delegate added powers .
the council would consider seeking [changes] to its charter to allow it to delegate added powers .

All patients were grouped according to the classification of Child and Turcotte with the modifications of Pugh et al and Christensen et al , which are closely related .
all patients were grouped according to the classification of child and turcotte with the [changes] of pugh et al and christensen et al , which are closely related .

Absorption of water and sodium from the rectum was studied by in vivo dialysis , as described previously , with minor modifications .
absorption of water and sodium from the rectum was studied by in vivo dialysis , as described previously , with minor [changes] .

This constitution survived with only slight modifications until the Municipal Reform Act of 1835 .
this constitution survived with only slight [changes] until the municipal reform act of 1835 .

Although modifications of the immune response occur in HIV-infected patients at all stages , opportunistic infections only affect those with profound disruption of their cellular immunity .
although [changes] of the immune response occur in hiv-infected patients at all stages , opportunistic infections only affect those with profound disruption of their cellular immunity .

In the course of this work , the investigator identified the location of two faults and thought out suitable modifications to the code , although there was no directive to apply the modifications immediately .
in the course of this work , the investigator identified the location of two faults and thought out suitable [changes] to the code , although there was no directive to apply the [changes] immediately .

In addition to modifications arising out of SPRs , it was decided to significantly enhance the functionality of the package , which would involve modifying five other modules .
in addition to [changes] arising out of sprs , it was decided to significantly enhance the functionality of the package , which would involve modifying five other modules .

To this end , he assessed whether the modifications carried out were in the spirit of the DCs , that the modifications were adequate to cope with the SPRs submitted by clients , and that the quality of the total package satisfied the quoted project standards .
to this end , he assessed whether the [changes] carried out were in the spirit of the dcs , that the [changes] were adequate to cope with the sprs submitted by clients , and that the quality of the total package satisfied the quoted project standards .

Produce DCs as proposed modifications are thought out .
produce dcs as proposed [changes] are thought out .

The modifications are abandoned ( as above ) .
the [changes] are abandoned ( as above ) .

Incomplete Modifications
incomplete [changes]

What happens to partially completed modifications if the developer is no longer available ?
what happens to partially completed [changes] if the developer is no longer available ?

to use the modified modules in any subsequent modifications to your package , or
to use the modified modules in any subsequent [changes] to your package , or

Ensures that formal modifications are carried out only on previously approved software .
ensures that formal [changes] are carried out only on previously approved software .

wait until the other modifications have been completed
wait until the other [changes] have been completed

On completion of the package updates , any modifications to package managers or settings of the auto-assessment flags are reset to their original values .
on completion of the package updates , any [changes] to package managers or settings of the auto-assessment flags are reset to their original values .

After five months of modifications , overhauling and a complete refurbishment by Stoddard 's own engineers and tuners , the latest Bonded Machine is on it 's way to the Wellco Corporation in Georgia .
after five months of [changes] , overhauling and a complete refurbishment by stoddard 's own engineers and tuners , the latest bonded machine is on it 's way to the wellco corporation in georgia .

approve the proposed measures ( with modifications , if required )
approve the proposed measures ( with [changes] , if required )

The Ministry of Industry and Energy on Nov. 29 , 1989 , ordered the closure of the Vandellòs 1 nuclear reactor near Tarragona ( north-eastern Spain ) while safety modifications were carried out which would take an estimated two years .
the ministry of industry and energy on nov. 29 , 1989 , ordered the closure of the vandellòs 1 nuclear reactor near tarragona ( north-eastern spain ) while safety [changes] were carried out which would take an estimated two years .

After a week of discussions in January 1990 with representatives of the military government , including then Interior Minister Carlos Cáceres Contreras , representatives of the President-elect reached agreement on Jan. 4 on modifications to an Armed Forces Charter affecting the role of the military in relation to the President and the Defence Minister after March 11 .
after a week of discussions in january 1990 with representatives of the military government , including then interior minister carlos cáceres contreras , representatives of the president-elect reached agreement on jan. 4 on [changes] to an armed forces charter affecting the role of the military in relation to the president and the defence minister after march 11 .

Further modifications led Iraq to claim in 1989 the development of a second missile , the al-Abbas , with a 900-km range .
further [changes] led iraq to claim in 1989 the development of a second missile , the al-abbas , with a 900-km range .

Modifications to community charge
[changes] to community charge

The government had in November 1989 ( after the incorporation of a number of modifications to the detail of the new scheme ) indicated that the average community charge per person for 1990-91 in England would be £278 , with a corresponding average of £173 in Wales .
the government had in november 1989 ( after the incorporation of a number of [changes] to the detail of the new scheme ) indicated that the average community charge per person for 1990-91 in england would be £278 , with a corresponding average of £173 in wales .

The other evidence provided by Gregory on the Teilreiche in this period is concerned largely with modifications to the division of 511 , and not with the original arrangements .
the other evidence provided by gregory on the teilreiche in this period is concerned largely with [changes] to the division of 511 , and not with the original arrangements .

New procedures will be developed and evidence on the behaviour of those already available will be provided , along with details of any modifications that seem helpful .
new procedures will be developed and evidence on the behaviour of those already available will be provided , along with details of any [changes] that seem helpful .

The information from the first Panel Survey supplied in the form of grids as well as reports is being analysed to ensure that necessary modifications to the approach or to the methodology will be identified and approved before the second Panel Survey , which is due to start in the autumn .
the information from the first panel survey supplied in the form of grids as well as reports is being analysed to ensure that necessary [changes] to the approach or to the methodology will be identified and approved before the second panel survey , which is due to start in the autumn .

( Ideally , each item should have an attached history , showing modifications and repairs ) .
( ideally , each item should have an attached history , showing [changes] and repairs ) .

The modifications to file-servers should extend their lifetime and capability to the end of 1996 at least .
the [changes] to file-servers should extend their lifetime and capability to the end of 1996 at least .

Management Group has recently agreed to an increased membership and some modifications to the way the Committee will function .
management group has recently agreed to an increased membership and some [changes] to the way the committee will function .

In one of his later articles , Professor Newell has commented : `` Of these great changes ( in the physical environment ) no single set of factors has influenced the later history of life more than the continuous modifications of topographic relief and distribution of continents and ocean basins and the attendant climatic changes `` .
in one of his later articles , professor newell has commented : `` of these great changes ( in the physical environment ) no single set of factors has influenced the later history of life more than the continuous [changes] of topographic relief and distribution of continents and ocean basins and the attendant climatic changes `` .

Outside there was usually at least one ditch and frequently more , often with evidence of recutting or later modifications .
outside there was usually at least one ditch and frequently more , often with evidence of recutting or later [changes] .

Sometime in the later fourth or early fifth century , major modifications occurred at the west gate , involving its remodelling as a single portal .
sometime in the later fourth or early fifth century , major [changes] occurred at the west gate , involving its remodelling as a single portal .

Modifications to the system of planning and control of public expenditure became inevitable .
[changes] to the system of planning and control of public expenditure became inevitable .

At this point the real scrutineering took place — checking eligibility of the vehicle . Only period modifications and factory option equipment are allowed , but for an event like the Monte Carlo , reliability is the number one priority , not tweaked , revvy little numbers ! Period dress is greatly encouraged , with jeans and trainers being banned !
at this point the real scrutineering took place — checking eligibility of the vehicle . only period [changes] and factory option equipment are allowed , but for an event like the monte carlo , reliability is the number one priority , not tweaked , revvy little numbers ! period dress is greatly encouraged , with jeans and trainers being banned !

Detailed design for major modifications on the Ninian Southern and Central platforms was nearly complete at the year end and construction of the last of the new modules is well on the way for completion in 1993 .
detailed design for major [changes] on the ninian southern and central platforms was nearly complete at the year end and construction of the last of the new modules is well on the way for completion in 1993 .

‘ They still need one or two modifications . ’
‘ they still need one or two [changes] . ’

Overall , the modifications to the management of the system resulted in an increase of about 25 % of the total agricultural output , with a change in emphasis towards fish production and export ( which makes economic sense because of the high value of fish in the marketplace ) .
overall , the [changes] to the management of the system resulted in an increase of about 25 % of the total agricultural output , with a change in emphasis towards fish production and export ( which makes economic sense because of the high value of fish in the marketplace ) .

By ensuring that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .
by ensuring that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later [changes] to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .

Modifications and additions will be needed to suit practical cases .
[changes] and additions will be needed to suit practical cases .

The production system is more capital intensive and rigid , making modifications expensive .
the production system is more capital intensive and rigid , making [changes] expensive .

It therefore has major advantages for some application domains : it enables quick access to individual records ; it enables sequential access ; and modifications are made easily .
it therefore has major advantages for some application domains : it enables quick access to individual records ; it enables sequential access ; and [changes] are made easily .

further , modifications to applications are likely to be much easier to make , because files are external to the program .
further , [changes] to applications are likely to be much easier to make , because files are external to the program .

More substantial modifications may be necessary to the system for a particular task .
more substantial [changes] may be necessary to the system for a particular task .

Of course there are a number of modifications that need to be made to this analyser before it is able to cope well with general text .
of course there are a number of [changes] that need to be made to this analyser before it is able to cope well with general text .

The rest of this chapter will deal with such modifications and improvements to the probabilistic analyser .
the rest of this chapter will deal with such [changes] and improvements to the probabilistic analyser .

That the draft Building Societies Act 1986 ( Modifications ) ( No. 2 )
that the draft building societies act 1986 ( [changes] ) ( no. 2 )

Instead , they generally suggest some restrictions on their scope and some modifications of their operation .
instead , they generally suggest some restrictions on their scope and some [changes] of their operation .

The citation order was at first unsatisfactory and modifications were made in order to better reflect the needs of users .
the citation order was at first unsatisfactory and [changes] were made in order to better reflect the needs of users .

Both the development of the welfare state and the emergence of fascism or , more generally , of totalitarian regimes , are undoubtedly major political changes , which can be defined , in the light of this twentieth century experience , but also taking into account other historical transformations , as those which bring about a significant reorganization of the apparatus of government , a change in the relations between government and people , and to a considerable extent , a restructuring of other social relationships , including modifications in the hierarchical ordering of various social groups .
both the development of the welfare state and the emergence of fascism or , more generally , of totalitarian regimes , are undoubtedly major political changes , which can be defined , in the light of this twentieth century experience , but also taking into account other historical transformations , as those which bring about a significant reorganization of the apparatus of government , a change in the relations between government and people , and to a considerable extent , a restructuring of other social relationships , including [changes] in the hierarchical ordering of various social groups .

An extension of existing equilibrium models in this direction might well lead to interesting variations , but it seems to us unlikely that major modifications of the implications of these models for monetary and fiscal policy will follow from this .
an extension of existing equilibrium models in this direction might well lead to interesting variations , but it seems to us unlikely that major [changes] of the implications of these models for monetary and fiscal policy will follow from this .

Finally , in section 6.3 we consider some of the modifications and extensions to these key contributions .
finally , in section 6.3 we consider some of the [changes] and extensions to these key contributions .

The starting point for our model is the standard job search theory with some minor modifications .
the starting point for our model is the standard job search theory with some minor [changes] .

In both shallow and deep water examples the origin of the overgrowth cement calcite is generally thought to be from aragonite dissolution during early diagenesis , although modifications of sea water chemistry with ocean depth and with shallow burial may be in part responsible .
in both shallow and deep water examples the origin of the overgrowth cement calcite is generally thought to be from aragonite dissolution during early diagenesis , although [changes] of sea water chemistry with ocean depth and with shallow burial may be in part responsible .

For example , the need for some modifications became apparent ; the rephrasing of some questions and a refocusing of emphasis towards texts used in Secondary schools would have been helpful .
for example , the need for some [changes] became apparent ; the rephrasing of some questions and a refocusing of emphasis towards texts used in secondary schools would have been helpful .

As yet the picture of modifications to the drainage , build-up of sand dunes and coastal change is very difficult to understand in this area .
as yet the picture of [changes] to the drainage , build-up of sand dunes and coastal change is very difficult to understand in this area .

The opposition to change of these two sectors , whose views , moreover , reflected Franco 's own social and political sympathies , strengthened his instinctive disinclination to make substantive policy modifications .
the opposition to change of these two sectors , whose views , moreover , reflected franco 's own social and political sympathies , strengthened his instinctive disinclination to make substantive policy [changes] .

making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .
making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or [changes] of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .

According to Danielle de St Jorre , Minister for Planning and External Affairs , after modifications to the Constitution political parties would be invited to register from the beginning of January 1992 ; party-based elections for a constituent commission were expected to be held in July .
according to danielle de st jorre , minister for planning and external affairs , after [changes] to the constitution political parties would be invited to register from the beginning of january 1992 ; party-based elections for a constituent commission were expected to be held in july .

Following modifications to the penal code in the wake of Sendero 's July offensive in Lima [ see p. 39002 ] , those arrested for terrorism were now considered " traitors to the fatherland " and had to stand trial before a military court .
following [changes] to the penal code in the wake of sendero 's july offensive in lima [ see p. 39002 ] , those arrested for terrorism were now considered " traitors to the fatherland " and had to stand trial before a military court .

In an address on national television on Sept. 3 , King Hassan had called on voters to support the changes , which included modifications to his own powers .
in an address on national television on sept. 3 , king hassan had called on voters to support the changes , which included [changes] to his own powers .

Observers commented that the modifications would make only a token difference to the King 's real power .
observers commented that the [changes] would make only a token difference to the king 's real power .

In the days following announcement of the inquiry , accusations were made against ministers , including in particular John Major , of attempting to cover up modifications made as late as July 1990 to the original 1985 policy towards exports to Iraq [ for which see p. 34515 ] , and of misleading the House of Commons in this respect .
in the days following announcement of the inquiry , accusations were made against ministers , including in particular john major , of attempting to cover up [changes] made as late as july 1990 to the original 1985 policy towards exports to iraq [ for which see p. 34515 ] , and of misleading the house of commons in this respect .

New Right economists such as Lees , Friedman and Selsdon have argued that the model , with appropriate modifications , is applicable to health care , which they deem to be a consumption rather than an investment good ( the opposite view to that of Beveridge and the Fabian Socialists ) .
new right economists such as lees , friedman and selsdon have argued that the model , with appropriate [changes] , is applicable to health care , which they deem to be a consumption rather than an investment good ( the opposite view to that of beveridge and the fabian socialists ) .

The central point is that the range of different patois spoken reflects both the complexity of the linguistic situation in the Caribbean and also the modifications to these being made by children growing up within the overseas speech communities in London .
the central point is that the range of different patois spoken reflects both the complexity of the linguistic situation in the caribbean and also the [changes] to these being made by children growing up within the overseas speech communities in london .

We have seen , in the comparison of Dame Sirith with the Interludium de Clerico et Puella , that slight modifications can crucially change the meaning of a tale .
we have seen , in the comparison of dame sirith with the interludium de clerico et puella , that slight [changes] can crucially change the meaning of a tale .

As a consequence of the differential rate of decline ( although the basic , mainly biologically determined relationship between maternal age and infant mortality remained unchanged ) important modifications of its characteristics developed .
as a consequence of the differential rate of decline ( although the basic , mainly biologically determined relationship between maternal age and infant mortality remained unchanged ) important [changes] of its characteristics developed .

Indeed , if the reduction of infant mortality is differentiated by maternal age , as in the case of Hungary ( which is probable considering that socio-economic factors such as , for example , educational achievement or economic activity , are also associated with maternal age ) , the differential rate of reduction should necessarily cause some modifications in the relationship between infant mortality and maternal age in other countries , too .
indeed , if the reduction of infant mortality is differentiated by maternal age , as in the case of hungary ( which is probable considering that socio-economic factors such as , for example , educational achievement or economic activity , are also associated with maternal age ) , the differential rate of reduction should necessarily cause some [changes] in the relationship between infant mortality and maternal age in other countries , too .

The knowledge of the likelihood of such modifications and of the probable direction of the changes as suggested by the Hungarian data may be helpful in the explanation of variance found in the relationship among developed and , recently , also among developing countries .
the knowledge of the likelihood of such [changes] and of the probable direction of the changes as suggested by the hungarian data may be helpful in the explanation of variance found in the relationship among developed and , recently , also among developing countries .

Traditional grammar was developed on the basis of Greek and Latin , and was subsequently applied , with few modifications and often uncritically , to the description of a large number of other languages .
traditional grammar was developed on the basis of greek and latin , and was subsequently applied , with few [changes] and often uncritically , to the description of a large number of other languages .

Review includes dramatizing ( acting/taking parts ) , and modifications by changing of style , replacement of vocabulary items , expansion of phrases and deletion of non-obligatory items .
review includes dramatizing ( acting/taking parts ) , and [changes] by changing of style , replacement of vocabulary items , expansion of phrases and deletion of non-obligatory items .

For example in the house buying case there could have been an alternative priority that the price must be low enough to allow some of the finance available to be spent on modifications .
for example in the house buying case there could have been an alternative priority that the price must be low enough to allow some of the finance available to be spent on [changes] .

Cell membranes of human colorectal carcinomas and normal mucosa were prepared as described by Maeda et al with minor modifications .
cell membranes of human colorectal carcinomas and normal mucosa were prepared as described by maeda et al with minor [changes] .

The net effect of these various modifications is to oppose the alkalinising effect of apical HCl secretion , with the result that patietal cell pH i increases by less than 0.10 pH units after stimulation of HCl secretion .
the net effect of these various [changes] is to oppose the alkalinising effect of apical hcl secretion , with the result that patietal cell ph i increases by less than 0.10 ph units after stimulation of hcl secretion .

However , some tutors seem to feel that they are unable to accept these modifications despite the syllabus remaining virtually unchanged , though more comprehensive , as befits the education and examination standards of a ‘ professional ’ body that hopes for national recognition .
however , some tutors seem to feel that they are unable to accept these [changes] despite the syllabus remaining virtually unchanged , though more comprehensive , as befits the education and examination standards of a ‘ professional ’ body that hopes for national recognition .

Gastric ulcers were induced with our modifications of the acetic acid method originally described by Takagi et al .
gastric ulcers were induced with our [changes] of the acetic acid method originally described by takagi et al .

Nucleation time , defined as the first appearance time of cholesterol monohydrate crystals , was measured as described by Holan et al with certain modifications .
nucleation time , defined as the first appearance time of cholesterol monohydrate crystals , was measured as described by holan et al with certain [changes] .

The acid clearance test was performed using the technique originally described by Booth et al with some modifications .
the acid clearance test was performed using the technique originally described by booth et al with some [changes] .

The microprocedure described by Beaven et al with some modifications was used .
the microprocedure described by beaven et al with some [changes] was used .

The Astler and Coller modifications of Dukes 's staging were used .
the astler and coller [changes] of dukes 's staging were used .

Detailed design for major modifications on the Ninian Southern and Central platforms was nearly complete at the year end .
detailed design for major [changes] on the ninian southern and central platforms was nearly complete at the year end .

What modifications should be agreed to your job specification ?
what [changes] should be agreed to your job specification ?

By ensuring that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later modifications to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .
by ensuring that each component of the design has , at the time he is working on it , a rational and logical position on the tree , assembly interferences and later [changes] to the design can be minimized if not avoided entirely .

Modifications and additions will be needed to suit practical cases .
[changes] and additions will be needed to suit practical cases .

The production system is more capital intensive and rigid , making modifications expensive .
the production system is more capital intensive and rigid , making [changes] expensive .

Even for the three vertebrate cases , the ways in which the wing is constructed are quite different , although in each case they are modifications of the same fundamental structure , the pentadactyl limb .
even for the three vertebrate cases , the ways in which the wing is constructed are quite different , although in each case they are [changes] of the same fundamental structure , the pentadactyl limb .

It seems to be a general feature of evolution that new functions are performed by organs which arise , not de novo , but as modifications of pre-existing organs .
it seems to be a general feature of evolution that new functions are performed by organs which arise , not de novo , but as [changes] of pre-existing organs .

If you carefully plan a new health regime that slowly introduces slight modifications to your usual meals , perhaps to try different ways of cooking food , to have slightly larger portions of vegetables and fruit , you will eventually find that your food preferences change slightly , enough to tip the balance from an unhealthy diet ( too high in fat and sugar , too low in fibre ) , to a healthy one that will help you attain and then maintain a slim figure .
if you carefully plan a new health regime that slowly introduces slight [changes] to your usual meals , perhaps to try different ways of cooking food , to have slightly larger portions of vegetables and fruit , you will eventually find that your food preferences change slightly , enough to tip the balance from an unhealthy diet ( too high in fat and sugar , too low in fibre ) , to a healthy one that will help you attain and then maintain a slim figure .

These modifications need not be huge .
these [changes] need not be huge .

All the small modifications should add up over a period of time to make major achievements .
all the small [changes] should add up over a period of time to make major achievements .

We shall see that in the nineteenth century this limited and special capacity was extended with some modifications to all married women ( see pp .
we shall see that in the nineteenth century this limited and special capacity was extended with some [changes] to all married women ( see pp .

( Certain detailed modifications of the effect of the rule against perpetuities are now enacted by the Perpetuities and Accumulations Act 1964 . )
( certain detailed [changes] of the effect of the rule against perpetuities are now enacted by the perpetuities and accumulations act 1964 . )

Locke was not much interested in their exact nature : are they mental states or modifications , like waves in the sea , or mental entities in their own right , like flotsam on it ?
locke was not much interested in their exact nature : are they mental states or [changes] , like waves in the sea , or mental entities in their own right , like flotsam on it ?

But in the seventeenth century some philosophers , such as Descartes and Malebranche , had extended this to saying that tastes and colours are , like pains , simply subjective modifications , and are not properties of material objects after all .
but in the seventeenth century some philosophers , such as descartes and malebranche , had extended this to saying that tastes and colours are , like pains , simply subjective [changes] , and are not properties of material objects after all .

The transition from water to land required not only the perfection of a walking limb , but modifications to the hearing system , palate , eyes and so on , and Ichthyostega had already established most of these terrestrial modifications , so it is in no sense an ‘ ancestor ’ , although it has many ancestral features .
the transition from water to land required not only the perfection of a walking limb , but [changes] to the hearing system , palate , eyes and so on , and ichthyostega had already established most of these terrestrial [changes] , so it is in no sense an ‘ ancestor ’ , although it has many ancestral features .

Of course because there are no living trilobites we can not find direct confirmation of this hypothesis , but we can look for other arthropods that have the same modifications of the eyes , for example , in the present day oceans .
of course because there are no living trilobites we can not find direct confirmation of this hypothesis , but we can look for other arthropods that have the same [changes] of the eyes , for example , in the present day oceans .

The erection of the machinery , which was manufactured in London and transported to the head of the incline by canal , proceeded through the latter part of 1899 to practical completion in April 1900 , when trials took place.8 ; As a result of these trials , Thomas required some modifications to be carried out , after which final acceptance trials took place in May , 9 ; followed by an Official visit — perhaps the opening — by the Committee on 11th July , 1900.0 ; The photographs of the boats ‘ Marsworth ’ and ‘ Langley ’ passing through the lift were probably taken in April of that year .
the erection of the machinery , which was manufactured in london and transported to the head of the incline by canal , proceeded through the latter part of 1899 to practical completion in april 1900 , when trials took place.8 ; as a result of these trials , thomas required some [changes] to be carried out , after which final acceptance trials took place in may , 9 ; followed by an official visit — perhaps the opening — by the committee on 11th july , 1900.0 ; the photographs of the boats ‘ marsworth ’ and ‘ langley ’ passing through the lift were probably taken in april of that year .

But be warned , not all countries abide exactly by these rules , and so slight regional modifications are quite common . Since all journeys start with a flight , we will first advise briefly on suitable behaviour during the flight ,
but be warned , not all countries abide exactly by these rules , and so slight regional [changes] are quite common . since all journeys start with a flight , we will first advise briefly on suitable behaviour during the flight ,

The opportunities for successfully re-using a structure to which it is necessary to make major modifications in order to suit it to its new task are small , even with ironwork of exceptionally good quality .
the opportunities for successfully re-using a structure to which it is necessary to make major [changes] in order to suit it to its new task are small , even with ironwork of exceptionally good quality .

Where these is no need for a retained iron structure to accept enlarged loads and it is apparent that the metal members are in food condition , not having been subjected to detrimental modifications , the chief consideration in re-using the installation is to achieve an acceptable standard of fire resistance .
where these is no need for a retained iron structure to accept enlarged loads and it is apparent that the metal members are in food condition , not having been subjected to detrimental [changes] , the chief consideration in re-using the installation is to achieve an acceptable standard of fire resistance .

Apart from the deepening and modification of the existing central window openings of each main gable to create garden access doors , the only other alterations to the external appearance were modifications to the existing very high classroom windows of the east and south elevations to reconcile them with the newly inserted upper floor and gallery .
apart from the deepening and modification of the existing central window openings of each main gable to create garden access doors , the only other alterations to the external appearance were [changes] to the existing very high classroom windows of the east and south elevations to reconcile them with the newly inserted upper floor and gallery .

The predominant political religious form was and remains , with some modifications and with increasing opposition , a centralizing and conservative catholicism .
the predominant political religious form was and remains , with some [changes] and with increasing opposition , a centralizing and conservative catholicism .

The rise and rise of the railways , with the progressive increase in the volume of passengers and goods carried , led to modifications in the basic ground-plan of stations , particularly terminals .
the rise and rise of the railways , with the progressive increase in the volume of passengers and goods carried , led to [changes] in the basic ground-plan of stations , particularly terminals .

Organisms resistant to penicillin , particularly staphylococci , became a major problem by about 1960 , especially in hospitals , and accelerated the search for alternative antibiotics and for modifications of penicillin which were resistant to the bacterial penicillinases .
organisms resistant to penicillin , particularly staphylococci , became a major problem by about 1960 , especially in hospitals , and accelerated the search for alternative antibiotics and for [changes] of penicillin which were resistant to the bacterial penicillinases .

Since the noises in the House of Commons in 1927 and 1928 , the bishops sanctioned or winked their eyes at various modifications which were sensible and did not mind that they were illegal .
since the noises in the house of commons in 1927 and 1928 , the bishops sanctioned or winked their eyes at various [changes] which were sensible and did not mind that they were illegal .

Commenting on the grant , Alex Wright of the Commission said , ‘ We welcome this grant and we hope it will assist Lancashire County Council in opening up the rights of way network by dealing with several major problems and paths that need modifications .
commenting on the grant , alex wright of the commission said , ‘ we welcome this grant and we hope it will assist lancashire county council in opening up the rights of way network by dealing with several major problems and paths that need [changes] .

the objects to which men give most preference , their ideals , proceed from the same perceptions and experiences as the objects which they most abhor , and … they were originally only distinguished from one another through slight modifications … Indeed … it is possible for the original instinctual representative to be split in two , one part undergoing repression , while the remainder , Precisely on account of this intimate connection , undergoes idealization ( xi .
the objects to which men give most preference , their ideals , proceed from the same perceptions and experiences as the objects which they most abhor , and … they were originally only distinguished from one another through slight [changes] … indeed … it is possible for the original instinctual representative to be split in two , one part undergoing repression , while the remainder , precisely on account of this intimate connection , undergoes idealization ( xi .

It is this conclusion , which , with many modifications , many anthropologists would still accept , which made kinship so important for Marx and Engels .
it is this conclusion , which , with many [changes] , many anthropologists would still accept , which made kinship so important for marx and engels .

The kinds of stages which we have found in the work of Marx and Engels seem now to most anthropologists much too moulded to European history , even taking into account the modifications which , as we saw , were gradually incorporated in their work to handle their growing knowledge of non-European societies .
the kinds of stages which we have found in the work of marx and engels seem now to most anthropologists much too moulded to european history , even taking into account the [changes] which , as we saw , were gradually incorporated in their work to handle their growing knowledge of non-european societies .

None the less , this unexpected finding requires many modifications to assumptions which are often made concerning the implications of improved technology , and which are included in Marx 's and Engels 's work .
none the less , this unexpected finding requires many [changes] to assumptions which are often made concerning the implications of improved technology , and which are included in marx 's and engels 's work .

If their ideas about the evolution of kinship seem almost entirely obsolete the same is not true of their ideas about property or the evolution of the State although , in these areas too , many modifications are necessary .
if their ideas about the evolution of kinship seem almost entirely obsolete the same is not true of their ideas about property or the evolution of the state although , in these areas too , many [changes] are necessary .

To this end , the analytical department is designing on-line analysers , eg on-line gas chromatography , which can analyse products and intermediates in ‘ real time ’ , and if part of the process does not attain the quality required the computer will work out the modifications needed before the process can continue .
to this end , the analytical department is designing on-line analysers , eg on-line gas chromatography , which can analyse products and intermediates in ‘ real time ’ , and if part of the process does not attain the quality required the computer will work out the [changes] needed before the process can continue .

Both agreed to modifications in the proposals which were then considered from December 1938 until February 1939 .
both agreed to [changes] in the proposals which were then considered from december 1938 until february 1939 .

Nuclear Electric said it will spend £800,000 on modifications to the plant and the case for its operation at lower power levels , which it hopes to submit by autumn for restart by the end of the year .
nuclear electric said it will spend £800,000 on [changes] to the plant and the case for its operation at lower power levels , which it hopes to submit by autumn for restart by the end of the year .

these structural modifications brought about a major improvement in antibacterial activity against Gram-negative activity to resistant Gram-negative bacteria , such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa — which can cause lung infections in hospital patients — and to Gram-positive bacteria .
these structural [changes] brought about a major improvement in antibacterial activity against gram-negative activity to resistant gram-negative bacteria , such as pseudomonas aeruginosa — which can cause lung infections in hospital patients — and to gram-positive bacteria .

Plečnik 's modifications within the castle included the paving of this courtyard ( later removed ) and the monumental flagpoles on either side of the Matthias Gate .
plečnik 's [changes] within the castle included the paving of this courtyard ( later removed ) and the monumental flagpoles on either side of the matthias gate .

The broadcasters have now said that , subject to some minor changes , they are reasonably content that the rules of coverage allow them to give an accurate representation of the House 's proceedings , and the Committee recommended that no further modifications be made to the rules at this stage .
the broadcasters have now said that , subject to some minor changes , they are reasonably content that the rules of coverage allow them to give an accurate representation of the house 's proceedings , and the committee recommended that no further [changes] be made to the rules at this stage .

Select committees have had substantial coverage , but all the evidence suggests — and this is my own impression , having served or attended many committees over the years and now seeing them on television — that , with a few minor modifications , the ways these committees work is little changed .
select committees have had substantial coverage , but all the evidence suggests — and this is my own impression , having served or attended many committees over the years and now seeing them on television — that , with a few minor [changes] , the ways these committees work is little changed .

The criticism that extracts are leading the brewers into the same realms of flavouring technology as the food industry is to some degree unfair since the extracts are modifications of existing ingredients .
the criticism that extracts are leading the brewers into the same realms of flavouring technology as the food industry is to some degree unfair since the extracts are [changes] of existing ingredients .

Modifications .
[changes] .

By these modifications the sought-after simplicity is achieved , coupled with the virtual elimination of all high-level signals .
by these [changes] the sought-after simplicity is achieved , coupled with the virtual elimination of all high-level signals .

Their advantage is the presence of a wire wrap area found on some for user modifications .
their advantage is the presence of a wire wrap area found on some for user [changes] .

Recent renovation work has shown that beneath these modifications the fourth-century church is virtually complete .
recent renovation work has shown that beneath these [changes] the fourth-century church is virtually complete .

Although the Education Reform Bill , published in the autumn of 1987 , failed to dispel these fears , there were some modifications .
although the education reform bill , published in the autumn of 1987 , failed to dispel these fears , there were some [changes] .

We propose that these recommendations should form the basis of modifications made to attainment targets and programmes of study in the Order under section 4 of the Act and that , subject to those modifications , the attainment targets and programmes of study should apply to all pupils .
we propose that these recommendations should form the basis of [changes] made to attainment targets and programmes of study in the order under section 4 of the act and that , subject to those [changes] , the attainment targets and programmes of study should apply to all pupils .

The Secretary of State for Wales proposes that these recommendations should form the basis of modifications made to the programmes of study for key stage 2 in the Order under Section 4 of the Act .
the secretary of state for wales proposes that these recommendations should form the basis of [changes] made to the programmes of study for key stage 2 in the order under section 4 of the act .

Our guiding principle is that pupils with special educational needs should , as far as possible , have the opportunity to experience the full range of the English curriculum , but we make some broad recommendations for modifications to attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements which we feel may nevertheless be necessary .
our guiding principle is that pupils with special educational needs should , as far as possible , have the opportunity to experience the full range of the english curriculum , but we make some broad recommendations for [changes] to attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements which we feel may nevertheless be necessary .

The engine will fit straight into your Land Rover with minor modifications to fuel lines and wiring and exhaust front pipe .
the engine will fit straight into your land rover with minor [changes] to fuel lines and wiring and exhaust front pipe .

The later instruments will fit with wiring modifications but need the later type alternator fitted at the same time as this provides the signal to drive the rev counter .
the later instruments will fit with wiring [changes] but need the later type alternator fitted at the same time as this provides the signal to drive the rev counter .

Change the camshaft for a standard one as , without increasing the compression ratio , improving the breathing and other engine modifications , the high lift cam alone has reduced the engine 's performance and reduced its torque .
change the camshaft for a standard one as , without increasing the compression ratio , improving the breathing and other engine [changes] , the high lift cam alone has reduced the engine 's performance and reduced its torque .

The new government decided to use the existing legal framework to save the time and possible difficulties that new laws might bring about , hut with certain modifications .
the new government decided to use the existing legal framework to save the time and possible difficulties that new laws might bring about , hut with certain [changes] .

As capitalism deepens , modifications take place in the informal sector , which in general take the form of an increased articulation between the formal and informal sectors .
as capitalism deepens , [changes] take place in the informal sector , which in general take the form of an increased articulation between the formal and informal sectors .

To advise on the repairs or modifications required to remedy defects ; and to describe any further investigations necessary .
to advise on the repairs or [changes] required to remedy defects ; and to describe any further investigations necessary .

Modifications in paper production technology have also reduced the use of chlorine .
[changes] in paper production technology have also reduced the use of chlorine .

Even so , most modifications take place in childhood .
even so , most [changes] take place in childhood .

Roy LoPresti , noted for his aerodynamic clean-up work on the Mooney series and , more recently , on the Globe Swift/SwiftFury , has set up a new company to market speed modifications for Piper Comanches and Twin Comanches .
roy lopresti , noted for his aerodynamic clean-up work on the mooney series and , more recently , on the globe swift/swiftfury , has set up a new company to market speed [changes] for piper comanches and twin comanches .

These improvements are expected to become available in the summer , and will be followed by similar modifications for the Piper Arrow .
these improvements are expected to become available in the summer , and will be followed by similar [changes] for the piper arrow .

These aftermarket modifications appear to be spin-offs from that work .
these aftermarket [changes] appear to be spin-offs from that work .

Several modifications have been made to this bridge in the century and a half since its completion , but it remains basically the same bridge that Telford designed , and was one of the great civil-engineering achievements of the period .
several [changes] have been made to this bridge in the century and a half since its completion , but it remains basically the same bridge that telford designed , and was one of the great civil-engineering achievements of the period .

In non-diabetics several individual dietary modifications such as diets low in sodium ( MacGregor et al , 1982 ; Hoffman et al , 1983 ) and fat ( Rao et al , 1981 ; Puska et al , 1983 ) while high in potassium ( Khaw & Thom , 1982 ; MacGregor et al , 1982 ) and fibre ( Wright et al , 1979 ; Rouse et al , 1983 ) have been shown to lower blood pressure .
in non-diabetics several individual dietary [changes] such as diets low in sodium ( macgregor et al , 1982 ; hoffman et al , 1983 ) and fat ( rao et al , 1981 ; puska et al , 1983 ) while high in potassium ( khaw & thom , 1982 ; macgregor et al , 1982 ) and fibre ( wright et al , 1979 ; rouse et al , 1983 ) have been shown to lower blood pressure .

It would therefore appear that nutritional modifications in themselves have an important effect on serum lipids and lipoproteins .
it would therefore appear that nutritional [changes] in themselves have an important effect on serum lipids and lipoproteins .

Firstly , it produces a flat statement of fact which can be put to the test , and , secondly , it states the case in an extreme , or ‘ ideal ’ , form , eschewing such modifications as ‘ most ’ , or ‘ a majority ’ .
firstly , it produces a flat statement of fact which can be put to the test , and , secondly , it states the case in an extreme , or ‘ ideal ’ , form , eschewing such [changes] as ‘ most ’ , or ‘ a majority ’ .

There are a series of modifications which are shown on the right hand side of Fig .
there are a series of [changes] which are shown on the right hand side of fig .

Modifications by cause of death
[changes] by cause of death

Modifications that can occur at the various formation stages are shown on the right .
[changes] that can occur at the various formation stages are shown on the right .

Most mammalian predators are effective hunters of small mammals , hunting mostly at night , and they produce the greatest modifications to the bones of their prey because they use their shearing teeth to break up their prey before ingestion .
most mammalian predators are effective hunters of small mammals , hunting mostly at night , and they produce the greatest [changes] to the bones of their prey because they use their shearing teeth to break up their prey before ingestion .

Predation will be discussed in detail in Chapter 2 , and the modifications by which predators may be identified will be described in Chapter 3 .
predation will be discussed in detail in chapter 2 , and the [changes] by which predators may be identified will be described in chapter 3 .

Modifications shortly after death
[changes] shortly after death

Superimposed on the primary modifications outlined above are secondary modifications that occur soon after death but are themselves unrelated to cause of death ( Fig .
superimposed on the primary [changes] outlined above are secondary [changes] that occur soon after death but are themselves unrelated to cause of death ( fig .

Long term insect action may produce modifications similar to that produced by wood-boring insects on dead wood ( Behrensmeyer , 1978 ; Thorne & Kimsey , 1983 ) , but this does not seem to be common .
long term insect action may produce [changes] similar to that produced by wood-boring insects on dead wood ( behrensmeyer , 1978 ; thorne & kimsey , 1983 ) , but this does not seem to be common .

Many of the predators mentioned in the previous section function equally well as scavengers ( Hewson , 1981 ) , and the modifications they produce are the same as if they had been the primary predators .
many of the predators mentioned in the previous section function equally well as scavengers ( hewson , 1981 ) , and the [changes] they produce are the same as if they had been the primary predators .

Needless to say , this gives rise to considerable confusion , for it is not possible to distinguish the results of scavenging from predation on the bone modifications alone .
needless to say , this gives rise to considerable confusion , for it is not possible to distinguish the results of scavenging from predation on the bone [changes] alone .

Surface modifications include scratches , scrapes , gouges and cuts , some of which are similar to cut marks made by humans using stone implements .
surface [changes] include scratches , scrapes , gouges and cuts , some of which are similar to cut marks made by humans using stone implements .

Modifications before/during burial
[changes] before/during burial

The degree of modification of the bones in both cases can be described as minimal , in common with other barn owl pellet accumulations , and there were no modifications from weathering .
the degree of modification of the bones in both cases can be described as minimal , in common with other barn owl pellet accumulations , and there were no [changes] from weathering .

The modifications to small mammal bone produced by weathering are different from those described by Behrensmeyer ( 1978 ) for large mammals ( summarized in Table 1.3 ) , but they are readily distinguishable from other types of modification produced by trampling , by soil corrosion and attrition or by digestion .
the [changes] to small mammal bone produced by weathering are different from those described by behrensmeyer ( 1978 ) for large mammals ( summarized in table 1.3 ) , but they are readily distinguishable from other types of modification produced by trampling , by soil corrosion and attrition or by digestion .

Both trampling and weathering have produced modifications to the bone assemblages studied , but neither has brought about large scale breakage of bone .
both trampling and weathering have produced [changes] to the bone assemblages studied , but neither has brought about large scale breakage of bone .

Modifications after burial
[changes] after burial

These will be briefly described in order to differentiate the modifications from those produced by digestion by predators .
these will be briefly described in order to differentiate the [changes] from those produced by digestion by predators .

Modifications by exposure
[changes] by exposure

This will be described in more detail in Chapter 3 on bone modifications produced by predators .
this will be described in more detail in chapter 3 on bone [changes] produced by predators .

Modifications by collecting
[changes] by collecting

Taphonomy considers post-mortem modifications of the bones in order to make inferences about the modifying agents during the transition of the bones from being parts of living animals to becoming fossils .
taphonomy considers post-mortem [changes] of the bones in order to make inferences about the modifying agents during the transition of the bones from being parts of living animals to becoming fossils .

Potential modifications include loss of bone , breakage of bone , and digested bone surfaces .
potential [changes] include loss of bone , breakage of bone , and digested bone surfaces .

They occur during fossilization , with loss of the organic component of bone and its replacement by minerals ; the possible transport of bone after fossilization and its subsequent exposure to weathering ; and the various biases and modifications introduced by incomplete excavation and inadequate preservation and storage of specimens in museums .
they occur during fossilization , with loss of the organic component of bone and its replacement by minerals ; the possible transport of bone after fossilization and its subsequent exposure to weathering ; and the various biases and [changes] introduced by incomplete excavation and inadequate preservation and storage of specimens in museums .

The nature and modifications of the prey assemblages also may differ for similar reasons .
the nature and [changes] of the prey assemblages also may differ for similar reasons .

And finally , the modifications of the bones of the prey.animals might also be predator-specific .
and finally , the [changes] of the bones of the prey.animals might also be predator-specific .

Bone modifications
bone [changes]

The nature of these modifications are described here , and their distribution and extent will be documented in Chapter 3 .
the nature of these [changes] are described here , and their distribution and extent will be documented in chapter 3 .

His three criteria for identifying the modifications as chemical erosion as opposed to physical abrasion were that the damage was localized and not evenly spread over the whole surface of the bones , there was greater erosion of the tips of the teeth with some teeth not damaged at all , and discoloration spread into the re-entrant angles of the vole teeth .
his three criteria for identifying the [changes] as chemical erosion as opposed to physical abrasion were that the damage was localized and not evenly spread over the whole surface of the bones , there was greater erosion of the tips of the teeth with some teeth not damaged at all , and discoloration spread into the re-entrant angles of the vole teeth .

Table 2.2 Barn owl samples : nest site versus roost site . Modifications as follows –
table 2.2 barn owl samples : nest site versus roost site . [changes] as follows –

The failure of ecological aspects of small mammal faunas to predict predator species leads to the consideration of modifications to the bones making up the faunal assemblage . Several categories of bone modification have been considered :
the failure of ecological aspects of small mammal faunas to predict predator species leads to the consideration of [changes] to the bones making up the faunal assemblage . several categories of bone modification have been considered :

Modifications of Small Mammal Bones in Predator Assemblages
[changes] of small mammal bones in predator assemblages

The first two chapters have given an outline of the sources of taphonomic modifications to bones .
the first two chapters have given an outline of the sources of taphonomic [changes] to bones .

Following on from this the types of modifications that are produced by recent predators will now be described .
following on from this the types of [changes] that are produced by recent predators will now be described .

Burial and fossilization changes are often so extensive as to obscure the primary modifications which must be identified in order to understand the mechanisms of accumulation of the bones .
burial and fossilization changes are often so extensive as to obscure the primary [changes] which must be identified in order to understand the mechanisms of accumulation of the bones .

Some of the types of modification that are most useful in distinguishing prey assemblages of living predators are obscured by these later modifications , and consequently some of these potentially useful modification categories have been omitted from consideration .
some of the types of modification that are most useful in distinguishing prey assemblages of living predators are obscured by these later [changes] , and consequently some of these potentially useful modification categories have been omitted from consideration .

During manufacture , 1,700 production drawings were received at Wolverton , together with some 800 alterations and modifications .
during manufacture , 1,700 production drawings were received at wolverton , together with some 800 alterations and [changes] .

Work here , we are told , should proceed ‘ on the basis of the information currently available , with modifications being made as necessary , as further details emerge .
work here , we are told , should proceed ‘ on the basis of the information currently available , with [changes] being made as necessary , as further details emerge .

If the recording process lacks substance , is grossly time-consuming , or meaningless , then there must be major modifications .
if the recording process lacks substance , is grossly time-consuming , or meaningless , then there must be major [changes] .

The changes are marked particularly by modifications to the Local Authority Training Grants Scheme and the timed targeting of Education Support Grants , a decreasing percentage of local-authority expenditure received from central government and now the introduction of the Community Charge .
the changes are marked particularly by [changes] to the local authority training grants scheme and the timed targeting of education support grants , a decreasing percentage of local-authority expenditure received from central government and now the introduction of the community charge .

Sakata management , having shocked Kershaw with the sudden announcement of a redundancy plan , are considering recalling all their new Glory models for modifications to the computerized route-finder .
sakata management , having shocked kershaw with the sudden announcement of a redundancy plan , are considering recalling all their new glory models for [changes] to the computerized route-finder .

The chemistry of this process with a few modifications , will probably form the basis of future gasification plants .
the chemistry of this process with a few [changes] , will probably form the basis of future gasification plants .

In the interim , English spelling could be improved , retaining the Roman alphabet , for continuity , perhaps with modifications .
in the interim , english spelling could be improved , retaining the roman alphabet , for continuity , perhaps with [changes] .

However , Grey wants to see modifications in the connecting rods .
however , grey wants to see [changes] in the connecting rods .

The lower limb , said Lovejoy , had been totally reorganised for upright walking and there were no compensatory modifications in the upper limb to suggest the creature was still partly arboreal .
the lower limb , said lovejoy , had been totally reorganised for upright walking and there were no compensatory [changes] in the upper limb to suggest the creature was still partly arboreal .

The modifications of the quality of acid rain as it passes through soils depends on the soil properties , organic matter , microbial activity and underlying rock .
the [changes] of the quality of acid rain as it passes through soils depends on the soil properties , organic matter , microbial activity and underlying rock .

In all these cases , the unpleasant chemicals employed are modifications of personal scent secretions , but another major source of chemical defence substances is the saliva .
in all these cases , the unpleasant chemicals employed are [changes] of personal scent secretions , but another major source of chemical defence substances is the saliva .

But piecemeal modifications of school curricula were often considered inappropriate , particularly in the light of new national policies and structures .
but piecemeal [changes] of school curricula were often considered inappropriate , particularly in the light of new national policies and structures .

In each case they have proved a potentially effective instrument for channelling productive local suggestions and for achieving sensible modifications in centrally designed materials .
in each case they have proved a potentially effective instrument for channelling productive local suggestions and for achieving sensible [changes] in centrally designed materials .

Suggestions as to the necessary modifications ;
suggestions as to the necessary [changes] ;

However , in practice the system appears to be working well following modifications introduced by the Chirac government to appease local sensibilities .
however , in practice the system appears to be working well following [changes] introduced by the chirac government to appease local sensibilities .

To try to encompass these modifications would be beyond the scope of our present remit .
to try to encompass these [changes] would be beyond the scope of our present remit .

Various surface modifications have been made to introduce partner functional groups where these groups are not already present — eg introducing acid groups into stainless steel for the subsequent reaction of aminophosphorylcholine derivatives .
various surface [changes] have been made to introduce partner functional groups where these groups are not already present — eg introducing acid groups into stainless steel for the subsequent reaction of aminophosphorylcholine derivatives .

Make modifications and prepare a breakdown of study programme into learning units , demonstrating how the patient ‘ problems ’ fit into the units .
make [changes] and prepare a breakdown of study programme into learning units , demonstrating how the patient ‘ problems ’ fit into the units .

As the programme of library education was in a state of active development , many of the methods used were intended to provide formative evaluation on which course modifications could be based .
as the programme of library education was in a state of active development , many of the methods used were intended to provide formative evaluation on which course [changes] could be based .

Some modifications were made to subsequent courses as a result of information collected — formative evaluation .
some [changes] were made to subsequent courses as a result of information collected — formative evaluation .

The ‘ uneasy partnership ’ continued with some modifications throughout the 1920s and 1930s , and by 1945 , 104 out of 315 LEAs were still running their own schemes .
the ‘ uneasy partnership ’ continued with some [changes] throughout the 1920s and 1930s , and by 1945 , 104 out of 315 leas were still running their own schemes .

Many have guide books , the information in which can be augmented by diplomatic approaches to the owners or custodial bodies ( such as the National Trust and English Heritage ) — there may be estate papers showing details of constructional features , modifications , contractors ' itemized bills for work done , and so on .
many have guide books , the information in which can be augmented by diplomatic approaches to the owners or custodial bodies ( such as the national trust and english heritage ) — there may be estate papers showing details of constructional features , [changes] , contractors ' itemized bills for work done , and so on .

It was not , however , shown on the tithe map of 1838 , and recent modifications to the structure revealed a stone set above the front doorway ( and previously hidden by an Edwardian porch ) which was ‘ documented ’ with the date 1880 .
it was not , however , shown on the tithe map of 1838 , and recent [changes] to the structure revealed a stone set above the front doorway ( and previously hidden by an edwardian porch ) which was ‘ documented ’ with the date 1880 .

It may also be possible to compare these early drawings with a still existing building on the same site , to determine if it is the same structure , and , if so , if any general exterior modifications have been made .
it may also be possible to compare these early drawings with a still existing building on the same site , to determine if it is the same structure , and , if so , if any general exterior [changes] have been made .

The complexity and inter-relatedness of urban problems had been stressed , existing policies had been evaluated and a series of policy modifications had been proposed relating to the economy , housing , population dispersal , urban administration , and so on .
the complexity and inter-relatedness of urban problems had been stressed , existing policies had been evaluated and a series of policy [changes] had been proposed relating to the economy , housing , population dispersal , urban administration , and so on .

Policy modifications and developments occurred through consensus and persuasion .
policy [changes] and developments occurred through consensus and persuasion .

None of these resulted in the demise of the Urban Programme , not least because after 1979 central government introduced a number of policy modifications .
none of these resulted in the demise of the urban programme , not least because after 1979 central government introduced a number of policy [changes] .

The modifications introduced should not be regarded as fundamental .
the [changes] introduced should not be regarded as fundamental .

Bearing in mind the policy modifications imposed on the Urban Programme after 1979 , what kind of supportive environment was it providing for the cities by the mid-to-late 1980s ?
bearing in mind the policy [changes] imposed on the urban programme after 1979 , what kind of supportive environment was it providing for the cities by the mid-to-late 1980s ?

Too much emphasis had been placed on supervising minor residential modifications and in rejecting applications , which had resulted in reduced economic growth .
too much emphasis had been placed on supervising minor residential [changes] and in rejecting applications , which had resulted in reduced economic growth .

In South America where savannas occupy some 2 × 110 8 ha , there have been many modifications of the natural vegetation for a variety of agricultural purposes ranging from large-scale ranching to intensive cropping based on irrigation .
in south america where savannas occupy some 2 × 110 8 ha , there have been many [changes] of the natural vegetation for a variety of agricultural purposes ranging from large-scale ranching to intensive cropping based on irrigation .

Assessing those effects of global change which will be large scale and cause major modifications to both renewable and non-renewable resources .
assessing those effects of global change which will be large scale and cause major [changes] to both renewable and non-renewable resources .

This generally involves modifications to improve the efficiency of the bundle system , using a variety of methods : “ engineering ” the assembly process to reduce direct labor requirements for each step , changing the incentive rate to encourage workers to increase their pace , or adopting new technologies to substitute for labor-intensive assembly steps .
this generally involves [changes] to improve the efficiency of the bundle system , using a variety of methods : “ engineering ” the assembly process to reduce direct labor requirements for each step , changing the incentive rate to encourage workers to increase their pace , or adopting new technologies to substitute for labor-intensive assembly steps .

Second , PBS is not set up for large-scale modifications of assembly .
second , pbs is not set up for large-scale [changes] of assembly .

Other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .
other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction [changes] .

Another computer command adds the seam allowance and , after the desired modifications have been made , a piece of the new design is created .
another computer command adds the seam allowance and , after the desired [changes] have been made , a piece of the new design is created .

Levi ’ s uses proprietary software to make these modifications , but other software systems are commercially available for modifying standard patterns and producing a marker to guide fabric cutting .
levi ’ s uses proprietary software to make these [changes] , but other software systems are commercially available for modifying standard patterns and producing a marker to guide fabric cutting .

In Drosophila , many mutants make small modifications in bristle number , color , shape .
in drosophila , many mutants make small [changes] in bristle number , color , shape .

South of the city center , the founder of the Dominican order is buried in the church of San Domenico , 13th-century but with many 18th-century Baroque modifications .
south of the city center , the founder of the dominican order is buried in the church of san domenico , 13th-century but with many 18th-century baroque [changes] .

Rather , it is meant to suggest that reorganizations of government agencies frequently encounter start-up problems and unanticipated consequences that result from the consolidations are unlikely to fully overcome obstacles and challenges , and may require additional modifications in the future to effectively achieve our collective goals for defending the country against terrorism.7 The Congress faces a challenging and complex job in its consideration of DHS .
rather , it is meant to suggest that reorganizations of government agencies frequently encounter start-up problems and unanticipated consequences that result from the consolidations are unlikely to fully overcome obstacles and challenges , and may require additional [changes] in the future to effectively achieve our collective goals for defending the country against terrorism.7 the congress faces a challenging and complex job in its consideration of dhs .

Direct modifications are actions that change the subsidy cost by altering the terms of existing contracts or by selling loan assets .
direct [changes] are actions that change the subsidy cost by altering the terms of existing contracts or by selling loan assets .

Indirect modifications are actions that change the subsidy cost by legislation that alters the way in which an outstanding portfolio of direct loans or loan guarantees is administered .
indirect [changes] are actions that change the subsidy cost by legislation that alters the way in which an outstanding portfolio of direct loans or loan guarantees is administered .

As part of GAO 's responsibility to issue internal control standards and our commitment to improve financial management in government , we have worked with agencies to assist them in saving millions of dollars while ensuring that effective control was also included in the systems designs and modifications .
as part of gao 's responsibility to issue internal control standards and our commitment to improve financial management in government , we have worked with agencies to assist them in saving millions of dollars while ensuring that effective control was also included in the systems designs and [changes] .

Many of the agencies ' designs and systems modifications have been creative and innovative in streamlining payment systems and reducing costs .
many of the agencies ' designs and systems [changes] have been creative and innovative in streamlining payment systems and reducing costs .

The third and fourth sections cover details of the numerous requests we have received , including a description of agencies ' systems designs and modifications and our views on the effectiveness of the designed internal control in the proposed changes .
the third and fourth sections cover details of the numerous requests we have received , including a description of agencies ' systems designs and [changes] and our views on the effectiveness of the designed internal control in the proposed changes .

Background This section discusses the traditional payment process , modifications to the traditional payment process , and the importance of internal control in effectively administering the payment process .
background this section discusses the traditional payment process , [changes] to the traditional payment process , and the importance of internal control in effectively administering the payment process .

Title 7 provisions form the basis for our positions developed in response to agencies ' requests for our views on proposed new payment systems or modifications to streamline the operations of existing systems .
title 7 provisions form the basis for our positions developed in response to agencies ' requests for our views on proposed new payment systems or [changes] to streamline the operations of existing systems .

Modifications to the Traditional Payment Process The traditional payment approval process has been modified over the years primarily through the application of statistical sampling and `` fast pay '' procedures , and the widespread use of computer technology .
[changes] to the traditional payment process the traditional payment approval process has been modified over the years primarily through the application of statistical sampling and `` fast pay '' procedures , and the widespread use of computer technology .

Automated environments naturally require various levels of access in order to permit data entry , appropriate data manipulation ( i.e. , calculations , summarization , and reporting ) , program modifications , and data review and approval .
automated environments naturally require various levels of access in order to permit data entry , appropriate data manipulation ( i.e. , calculations , summarization , and reporting ) , program [changes] , and data review and approval .

Several agencies have requested opinions from us on whether proposed new payment system designs or proposed system modifications conform to the requirements of Title 7 internal controls .
several agencies have requested opinions from us on whether proposed new payment system designs or proposed system [changes] conform to the requirements of title 7 internal controls .

Our response was that if the agency followed through with its proposed controls and that the benefits derived exceeded the cost , the modifications would be in accordance with Title 7 .
our response was that if the agency followed through with its proposed controls and that the benefits derived exceeded the cost , the [changes] would be in accordance with title 7 .

For example , the AIM-9X and F/A-18 E/F programs were evolutionary in nature , modifications of existing products with a manageable amount of new technological or design challenges .
for example , the aim-9x and f/a-18 e/f programs were evolutionary in nature , [changes] of existing products with a manageable amount of new technological or design challenges .

The interim rule eliminates the Mortgage Assignment Program and provides alternative procedures to foreclosure for mortgagors in default such as special forbearance , loan modifications , and deeds in lieu of foreclosure .
the interim rule eliminates the mortgage assignment program and provides alternative procedures to foreclosure for mortgagors in default such as special forbearance , loan [changes] , and deeds in lieu of foreclosure .

The report should also describe the reason ( s ) for any modifications to the opinion .
the report should also describe the reason ( s ) for any [changes] to the opinion .

FSIS concluded that because of the necessary restructuring and reprogramming of the State inspection programs , FSIS assistance and the flexibility provided under the `` equal to '' provisions , most states should be able to complete the modifications to their programs with minimal additional cost .
fsis concluded that because of the necessary restructuring and reprogramming of the state inspection programs , fsis assistance and the flexibility provided under the `` equal to '' provisions , most states should be able to complete the [changes] to their programs with minimal additional cost .

The SEC received 39 comments and in the preamble to the final rule discusses the comments received and the modifications made to the proposed rule as a result of the comments .
the sec received 39 comments and in the preamble to the final rule discusses the comments received and the [changes] made to the proposed rule as a result of the comments .

The Contracting Officer monitors costs as required by the contract type ( fixed-price or cost-reimbursable ) and makes contract modifications as needed .
the contracting officer monitors costs as required by the contract type ( fixed-price or cost-reimbursable ) and makes contract [changes] as needed .

Cumulative changes are also tracked , including additions , deletions , and modifications to requirements .
cumulative changes are also tracked , including additions , deletions , and [changes] to requirements .

For example , legislative actions , such as tax law changes and Medicare payment process changes , may require extensive system modifications , and the CIO does not have the flexibility to decide whether or not to pursue them .
for example , legislative actions , such as tax law changes and medicare payment process changes , may require extensive system [changes] , and the cio does not have the flexibility to decide whether or not to pursue them .

These new LSC administrative provisions have been incorporated into each LSC appropriation since 1996 , subject to some modifications made in the Departments of Commerce , Justice , and State , the Judiciary and Related Agencies Appropriations Act , 1998 , Pub .
these new lsc administrative provisions have been incorporated into each lsc appropriation since 1996 , subject to some [changes] made in the departments of commerce , justice , and state , the judiciary and related agencies appropriations act , 1998 , pub .

Evaluation weights assigned to RFP topics have been restructured to correspond with the modifications made to the RFP .
evaluation weights assigned to rfp topics have been restructured to correspond with the [changes] made to the rfp .

In 2002 , our reviews resulted in LSC recommending modifications in several programs ' legal work management and supervision systems .
in 2002 , our reviews resulted in lsc recommending [changes] in several programs ' legal work management and supervision systems .

Developing a plan is only the beginning of an ongoing effort that includes implementation of the plan 's initiatives , continuous outreach to new partners , regular assessment of progress toward goals , and modifications of the plan as circumstances change .
developing a plan is only the beginning of an ongoing effort that includes implementation of the plan 's initiatives , continuous outreach to new partners , regular assessment of progress toward goals , and [changes] of the plan as circumstances change .

Some modifications resulted in more comprehensive information on applicants ' proposed subgrantee relationships .
some [changes] resulted in more comprehensive information on applicants ' proposed subgrantee relationships .

Steel is also needed for boiler modifications .
steel is also needed for boiler [changes] .

When Babcock & Wilcox retrofitted the 675 MWe AES Somerset boiler , the outage began on May 14 , and the boiler was returned to service on June 26 - about a six-week outage.19 One major SCR system supplier in the U.S. stated that they would want in the range of one to two months of boiler down time and have never required more than two months.27 Difficulty is increased as the extent of boiler modifications necessary to fit the SCR into the facility is increased .
when babcock & wilcox retrofitted the 675 mwe aes somerset boiler , the outage began on may 14 , and the boiler was returned to service on june 26 - about a six-week outage.19 one major scr system supplier in the u.s. stated that they would want in the range of one to two months of boiler down time and have never required more than two months.27 difficulty is increased as the extent of boiler [changes] necessary to fit the scr into the facility is increased .

This program ensures that when large , new facilities are built -- or major modifications to existing facilities are made that result in a net emissions increase -- they include state-of-the-art air pollution control equipment .
this program ensures that when large , new facilities are built -- or major [changes] to existing facilities are made that result in a net emissions increase -- they include state-of-the-art air pollution control equipment .

For attainment areas , to prevent significant deterioration of our nation 's air quality , new major sources and major modifications to existing sources must apply the best available control technology and ensure that the new pollution introduced into the environment does not adversely impact the air quality , such as in pristine areas like national parks .
for attainment areas , to prevent significant deterioration of our nation 's air quality , new major sources and major [changes] to existing sources must apply the best available control technology and ensure that the new pollution introduced into the environment does not adversely impact the air quality , such as in pristine areas like national parks .

For nonattainment areas , in addition to applying control technology that represents the lowest achievable emission rates , new major sources and major modifications must offset their emissions increases .
for nonattainment areas , in addition to applying control technology that represents the lowest achievable emission rates , new major sources and major [changes] must offset their emissions increases .

The approach used to create inventories was the same as that used for the Heavy-Duty Engine ( HDE ) Rulemaking analysis ( US EPA , 2000d ) with modifications to reflect emission and modeling advances since that analysis.4 Power generation emissions of SOx and NOx for each of the scenarios is presented in The Clear Skies Act : Technical Support Package .
the approach used to create inventories was the same as that used for the heavy-duty engine ( hde ) rulemaking analysis ( us epa , 2000d ) with [changes] to reflect emission and modeling advances since that analysis.4 power generation emissions of sox and nox for each of the scenarios is presented in the clear skies act : technical support package .

The Administrator may approve a substitution proposal in whole or in part and with such modifications or conditions as may be consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .
the administrator may approve a substitution proposal in whole or in part and with such [changes] or conditions as may be consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .

The Administrator may approve an extension proposal in whole or in part , and with such modifications or conditions as may be necessary , consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and to ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this subpart .
the administrator may approve an extension proposal in whole or in part , and with such [changes] or conditions as may be necessary , consistent with the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and to ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this subpart .

PRC decision approving proposal , with recommended fee modifications , on June 21 , 2000 .
prc decision approving proposal , with recommended fee [changes] , on june 21 , 2000 .

Intelligence reports , interrogations of KSM and Zubaydah , 2003 ( cited in CIA letter , response to Douglas Feith memorandum , '' Requested Modifications to 'Summary of Body of Intelligence Reporting on Iraq-al Qaida Contacts ( 1990-2003 ) , ' '' Dec. 10 , 2003 , p. 5 ) .
intelligence reports , interrogations of ksm and zubaydah , 2003 ( cited in cia letter , response to douglas feith memorandum , '' requested [changes] to 'summary of body of intelligence reporting on iraq-al qaida contacts ( 1990-2003 ) , ' '' dec. 10 , 2003 , p. 5 ) .

On the Levi guidelines and the Smith modifications , see John T. Elliff , `` Symposium : National Security and Civil Liberties : The Attorney General 's Guidelines for FBI Investigations , '' Cornell Law Review , vol .
on the levi guidelines and the smith [changes] , see john t. elliff , `` symposium : national security and civil liberties : the attorney general 's guidelines for fbi investigations , '' cornell law review , vol .

The Air Force tests conducted during the spring were inadequate , so missile testing needed to continue and modifications needed to be made during the summer .
the air force tests conducted during the spring were inadequate , so missile testing needed to continue and [changes] needed to be made during the summer .

On modifications , see NSC memo , Clarke to Berger , update , July 18 , 2000 .
on [changes] , see nsc memo , clarke to berger , update , july 18 , 2000 .

Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson did ask the court to accept the modifications described in the text , which were distributed as part of his August 2001 memorandum reaffirming the 1995 procedures .
deputy attorney general larry thompson did ask the court to accept the [changes] described in the text , which were distributed as part of his august 2001 memorandum reaffirming the 1995 procedures .

These posttranslational lipid modifications are essential for attachment of the GTPases to the cytosolic face of intracellular vesicles and/or to the cytosolic leaflet of the plasma membrane , thereby specifying subcellular targets for GTPase action ( s ) .
these posttranslational lipid [changes] are essential for attachment of the gtpases to the cytosolic face of intracellular vesicles and/or to the cytosolic leaflet of the plasma membrane , thereby specifying subcellular targets for gtpase action ( s ) .

To assess developmental changes resulting from glucose reduction and later culture modifications , we examined NS cell composition , and expression of gene products known to regulate or define in vivo fates of embryonic neural or islet cells .
to assess developmental changes resulting from glucose reduction and later culture [changes] , we examined ns cell composition , and expression of gene products known to regulate or define in vivo fates of embryonic neural or islet cells .

While this primer focuses on a particular set of protective and regulatory protein modifications induced by oxidative stress in E. coli , it should be noted that many of the same mechanisms are present in other organisms ; some specific examples from other species will also be described .
while this primer focuses on a particular set of protective and regulatory protein [changes] induced by oxidative stress in e. coli , it should be noted that many of the same mechanisms are present in other organisms ; some specific examples from other species will also be described .

Regulatory Roles of Thiol Modifications As mentioned above , proteins—in particular , the thiols of cysteines—are the major targets of H 2 O 2 .
regulatory roles of thiol [changes] as mentioned above , proteins—in particular , the thiols of cysteines—are the major targets of h 2 o 2 .

The reaction of cysteinyl thiolates with H 2 O 2 can lead to the formation of different modifications , such as sulfenic acid ( –SOH ) , sulfinic acid ( –SO 2 H ) , and sulfonic acid ( –SO3H ) , as well as disulfide bond formation ( –S–S– ) and glutathione conjugation ( –S–GSH ) ( Jacob et al .
the reaction of cysteinyl thiolates with h 2 o 2 can lead to the formation of different [changes] , such as sulfenic acid ( –soh ) , sulfinic acid ( –so 2 h ) , and sulfonic acid ( –so3h ) , as well as disulfide bond formation ( –s–s– ) and glutathione conjugation ( –s–gsh ) ( jacob et al .

These modifications often alter the structure and function of the protein .
these [changes] often alter the structure and function of the protein .

All but the sulfinic and sulfonic acid modifications are readily reversible by reduction , using proteins such as thioredoxin or glutaredoxin ; though sulfinic acid reductase activities have recently been identified in yeast and mammalian cells ( denoted sulfiredoxin and sestrin , respectively ) ( Biteau et al .
all but the sulfinic and sulfonic acid [changes] are readily reversible by reduction , using proteins such as thioredoxin or glutaredoxin ; though sulfinic acid reductase activities have recently been identified in yeast and mammalian cells ( denoted sulfiredoxin and sestrin , respectively ) ( biteau et al .

Given the reversible nature of most forms of thiol oxidation , it has been suggested that thiol modifications can play roles in signal transduction that are similar to protein phosphorylation/dephosphorylation ( Sitia and Molteni 2004 ) .
given the reversible nature of most forms of thiol oxidation , it has been suggested that thiol [changes] can play roles in signal transduction that are similar to protein phosphorylation/dephosphorylation ( sitia and molteni 2004 ) .

Prevalence of Regulatory Thiol Modifications ?
prevalence of regulatory thiol [changes] ?

As illustrated by the examples above , an array of chemical modifications obtained by oxidizing cysteinyl residues has been exploited in combating oxidative stress .
as illustrated by the examples above , an array of chemical [changes] obtained by oxidizing cysteinyl residues has been exploited in combating oxidative stress .

Given that many of the thiol modifications do not appear to be in equilibrium with the redox state of the cell , the features of the protein that determine the rate at which the modifications are formed are another important parameter .
given that many of the thiol [changes] do not appear to be in equilibrium with the redox state of the cell , the features of the protein that determine the rate at which the [changes] are formed are another important parameter .

The variety of modifications that arise from treatment with H 2 O 2 and the experimental challenges associated with their detection has made it difficult to catalog all the proteins that are modified and all the types of modifications that exist .
the variety of [changes] that arise from treatment with h 2 o 2 and the experimental challenges associated with their detection has made it difficult to catalog all the proteins that are modified and all the types of [changes] that exist .

The method described by Leichert and Jakob also will be useful in detecting transient cysteine modifications .
the method described by leichert and jakob also will be useful in detecting transient cysteine [changes] .

Thus , methods that allow the appearance of thiol modifications in cells to be monitored kinetically will greatly enhance our understanding of how cysteine residues become oxidized .
thus , methods that allow the appearance of thiol [changes] in cells to be monitored kinetically will greatly enhance our understanding of how cysteine residues become oxidized .

The examples mentioned here illustrate the versatile potential of thiol modifications .
the examples mentioned here illustrate the versatile potential of thiol [changes] .

The next major advance , however , abruptly turned attention back to RNA-guided modifications of the genome .
the next major advance , however , abruptly turned attention back to rna-guided [changes] of the genome .

This established the principle of RNA-guided genome modifications , but the generality of this process was uncertain because not all organisms methylate their DNA .
this established the principle of rna-guided genome [changes] , but the generality of this process was uncertain because not all organisms methylate their dna .

Nuclear-localized DCL3 acts with RDR2 to generate short RNAs that elicit DNA and histone modifications ; DCL2 produces short RNAs active in antiviral defense in the cytoplasm of cells .
nuclear-localized dcl3 acts with rdr2 to generate short rnas that elicit dna and histone [changes] ; dcl2 produces short rnas active in antiviral defense in the cytoplasm of cells .

We hypothesized that additional modifications could be made to provide accurate , low-cost CD4 counts to monitor HIV infection in resource-constrained settings .
we hypothesized that additional [changes] could be made to provide accurate , low-cost cd4 counts to monitor hiv infection in resource-constrained settings .

In this issue of PloS Biology , Khosla and his colleagues report that they can make selective positional modifications in existing anthracycline antibiotics by starting in a different way with a different starting molecule .
in this issue of plos biology , khosla and his colleagues report that they can make selective positional [changes] in existing anthracycline antibiotics by starting in a different way with a different starting molecule .

Intensive lifestyle modifications such as exercise and weight loss should be made to improve cholesterol , blood pressure , and other cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) risk factors [ 2 ] .
intensive lifestyle [changes] such as exercise and weight loss should be made to improve cholesterol , blood pressure , and other cardiovascular disease ( cvd ) risk factors [ 2 ] .

Diabetes management should involve a multifaceted , goal-directed approach , which includes dietary modifications , diabetes education , assessment of blood sugar readings , and pharmacotherapy .
diabetes management should involve a multifaceted , goal-directed approach , which includes dietary [changes] , diabetes education , assessment of blood sugar readings , and pharmacotherapy .

It is important to continue emphasis on dietary , exercise , and lifestyle modifications in addition to pharmacotherapy .
it is important to continue emphasis on dietary , exercise , and lifestyle [changes] in addition to pharmacotherapy .

Microarray-based comparisons of gene content among Escherichia coli , a facultative mutualist of tsetse flies ( Sodalis glossinidius ) , and a relatively young mutualist of weevils ( Sitophilus oryzae primary endosymbiont [ SOPE ] ) show that genome streamlining in the endosymbionts may preclude extracellular existence , and highlight modifications in metabolic pathways to complement specific host physiology and ecology ( Rio et al .
microarray-based comparisons of gene content among escherichia coli , a facultative mutualist of tsetse flies ( sodalis glossinidius ) , and a relatively young mutualist of weevils ( sitophilus oryzae primary endosymbiont [ sope ] ) show that genome streamlining in the endosymbionts may preclude extracellular existence , and highlight [changes] in metabolic pathways to complement specific host physiology and ecology ( rio et al .

These modifications result in heavily phosphorylated RNAPII ( RNAPIIo ) , the recruitment of the Elongator , which contains splicing and polyadenylation machineries , and the conversions of DSIF and NELF into elongation factors .
these [changes] result in heavily phosphorylated rnapii ( rnapiio ) , the recruitment of the elongator , which contains splicing and polyadenylation machineries , and the conversions of dsif and nelf into elongation factors .

While therapeutic lifestyle changes are integral to general risk reduction , drug treatment proves necessary for selected patients whose absolute risk is high and/or whose LDL-C is inadequately controlled with lifestyle modifications alone .
while therapeutic lifestyle changes are integral to general risk reduction , drug treatment proves necessary for selected patients whose absolute risk is high and/or whose ldl-c is inadequately controlled with lifestyle [changes] alone .

The deputy secretary of state expressed displeasure over Russia 's offensive in Chechnya and Moscow 's refusal to budge on modifications to the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty .
the deputy secretary of state expressed displeasure over russia 's offensive in chechnya and moscow 's refusal to budge on [changes] to the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty .

Renovations include a new e-mail system and modifications to Windows 95 that make the operating system more like a Web site .
renovations include a new e-mail system and [changes] to windows 95 that make the operating system more like a web site .

Reporting lack of enthusiasm from the Vatican , La Repubblica said church officials feared it would necessitate modifications to the concordat governing relations between Italy and the Holy See .
reporting lack of enthusiasm from the vatican , la repubblica said church officials feared it would necessitate [changes] to the concordat governing relations between italy and the holy see .

Now , explain the papers , the ATF has ruled that these modifications are superficial and hence that the ban sticks .
now , explain the papers , the atf has ruled that these [changes] are superficial and hence that the ban sticks .

The make-up of the grid has undergone various modifications in the course of time but the rules of the game have remained unchanged .
the make-up of the grid has undergone various [changes] in the course of time but the rules of the game have remained unchanged .

The Greek alphabet was , in turn , used with modifications by the Lykians , Lydians , Etruscans , Copts , and Slavs .
the greek alphabet was , in turn , used with [changes] by the lykians , lydians , etruscans , copts , and slavs .

The pronunciation system used by Wells is “ broad IPA , ’ with a few modifications .
the pronunciation system used by wells is “ broad ipa , ’ with a few [changes] .

