L'Unita and Hoy published identical denunciations of Short's elevation , l'Osservatore Romano and the Christian Science Monitor ignored it , Times of India snickered at it , and the Manchester Guardian simply reported it -- the Fosterites in England were few but extremely militant .
l'unita and hoy published identical denunciations of short's elevation , l'osservatore romano and the christian science [watch] ignored it , times of india snickered at it , and the manchester guardian simply reported it -- the fosterites in england were few but extremely militant .

The monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate .
the [watch] of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate .

I was also publicly reprimanded , dragged through the mud by the radical press and made a figure of fun by such leftist publications as The New Republic , The New Yorker , Time and The Christian Science Monitor .
i was also publicly reprimanded , dragged through the mud by the radical press and made a figure of fun by such leftist publications as the new republic , the new yorker , time and the christian science [watch] .

Conservationists are visiting thirty key sites all over the country to monitor populations of our rarest butterflies . Britain has 57 resident native butterflies , which are joined in the summer by around half a dozen migratory species :
conservationists are visiting thirty key sites all over the country to [watch] populations of our rarest butterflies . britain has 57 resident native butterflies , which are joined in the summer by around half a dozen migratory species :

Normally there was a thermostat submerged in the oil to monitor the temperature .
normally there was a thermostat submerged in the oil to [watch] the temperature .

After using the probe on the sheep 's belly and looking at the monitor screen , Derek can tell within seconds if a ewe is pregnant .
after using the probe on the sheep 's belly and looking at the [watch] screen , derek can tell within seconds if a ewe is pregnant .

The Surgeon explains that they can view the process on a tv monitor by using an ultrasound fibre .
the surgeon explains that they can view the process on a tv [watch] by using an ultrasound fibre .

His mother is one of the first to benefit from the use of the new monitor .
his mother is one of the first to benefit from the use of the new [watch] .

We certainly did last year , there 's no reason why we ca n't monitor it again , so they know we are watching them quite carefully .
we certainly did last year , there 's no reason why we ca n't [watch] it again , so they know we are watching them quite carefully .

No , it would n't , alright on that monitor it would .
no , it would n't , alright on that [watch] it would .

On that monitor .
on that [watch] .

You still using that monitor ?
you still using that [watch] ?

No . Wo , have a look at this monitor ?
no . wo , have a look at this [watch] ?

Come here , it 's your monitor , everything .
come here , it 's your [watch] , everything .

But we asked erm Colin , di did he want a monitor ? And he say no !
but we asked erm colin , di did he want a [watch] ? and he say no !

If you wan na thick one want a monitor this way , , but not a lot .
if you wan na thick one want a [watch] this way , , but not a lot .

No , that is from the computer but he gave it to me because he uses the monitor .
no , that is from the computer but he gave it to me because he uses the [watch] .

Yeah , but he did n't need the modulator so he gave it to because he 's got a monitor , right ? And he 's now bought another
yeah , but he did n't need the modulator so he gave it to because he 's got a [watch] , right ? and he 's now bought another

he 's the class monitor you see , that 's what it is
he 's the class [watch] you see , that 's what it is

Monitor audio yeah
[watch] audio yeah

Monitor audi
[watch] audi

apparently monitors for some reason the most monitor cost , monitor class speakers
apparently monitors for some reason the most [watch] cost , [watch] class speakers

Who had my monitor , Gary or Dave ?
who had my [watch] , gary or dave ?

Yeah , th th th the guy thought it was erm spot killer circuit fault but it 's not a monitor fault .
yeah , th th th the guy thought it was erm spot killer circuit fault but it 's not a [watch] fault .

It wants the Government to mount a publicity campaign to highlight the problem and also called for an an independent body to be set up , funded by profits from the electronic games industry , to monitor the content of computer games .
it wants the government to mount a publicity campaign to highlight the problem and also called for an an independent body to be set up , funded by profits from the electronic games industry , to [watch] the content of computer games .

And Mr Gowans went on to criticise the ease with which scanners can be bought to monitor police broadcasts .
and mr gowans went on to criticise the ease with which scanners can be bought to [watch] police broadcasts .

The first is that little attempt seems to be made to monitor the leisure time of children , particularly in the evenings .
the first is that little attempt seems to be made to [watch] the leisure time of children , particularly in the evenings .

Investors were unsure how to take Professor Littlechild 's promise to monitor electricity generators ' profits and National Power reversed initial gains to close 2p lower .
investors were unsure how to take professor littlechild 's promise to [watch] electricity generators ' profits and national power reversed initial gains to close 2p lower .

The auditor said there was too little provision for ‘ dry sports , ’ and the council 's strategy was too broad to effectively monitor performance .
the auditor said there was too little provision for ‘ dry sports , ’ and the council 's strategy was too broad to effectively [watch] performance .

Following an invisible beam a miniature submarine hones in on the device , until it comes up on Simmo 's television monitor .
following an invisible beam a miniature submarine hones in on the device , until it comes up on simmo 's television [watch] .

Coun Dixon ( Lab ) said the borough council had paid up to a week 's salary in overtime in November and December last year to monitor Sunday opening .
coun dixon ( lab ) said the borough council had paid up to a week 's salary in overtime in november and december last year to [watch] sunday opening .

He vowed to monitor very closely the working of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 to ensure that :
he vowed to [watch] very closely the working of the criminal justice act 1991 to ensure that :

The divisional organiser , John Kydd , one of the four men named in today 's proceedings , is convinced the company is using the electronic camera to monitor the union 's activities .
the divisional organiser , john kydd , one of the four men named in today 's proceedings , is convinced the company is using the electronic camera to [watch] the union 's activities .

Mr Khasbulatov meanwhile reiterated that the Supreme Soviet — the smaller standing parliament chosen from the ranks of Congress — would do no more than pass legislation and monitor observance of the constitution and the law .
mr khasbulatov meanwhile reiterated that the supreme soviet — the smaller standing parliament chosen from the ranks of congress — would do no more than pass legislation and [watch] observance of the constitution and the law .

He will also learn of an initiative to monitor performance line-by-line with the aim of improvement .
he will also learn of an initiative to [watch] performance line-by-line with the aim of improvement .

Before anyone goes in and sits on the dentist 's chair which forms the centrepiece of the cage , Dr Tydeman will first monitor them using some external equipment .
before anyone goes in and sits on the dentist 's chair which forms the centrepiece of the cage , dr tydeman will first [watch] them using some external equipment .

Once inside , the volunteer will be linked to a battery of equipment to monitor blood pressure , heart sounds , the content of expired air , blood oxygen saturation levels and the rate by which air is being used .
once inside , the volunteer will be linked to a battery of equipment to [watch] blood pressure , heart sounds , the content of expired air , blood oxygen saturation levels and the rate by which air is being used .

‘ Some of the results will be up on monitor screens for the audience to see — others will be broadcast . ’
‘ some of the results will be up on [watch] screens for the audience to see — others will be broadcast . ’

Lord James promised to monitor the situation and to bring legislation forward if it were proved it was needed .
lord james promised to [watch] the situation and to bring legislation forward if it were proved it was needed .

Their ordeal ended when a bank security guard spotted something suspicious on a television monitor and raised the alarm .
their ordeal ended when a bank security guard spotted something suspicious on a television [watch] and raised the alarm .

However , Stewart Ritchie suggested that there was certainly no need to panic but instead individuals should continue to monitor their fund 's growth and perhaps in the future increase contributions if there is a potential shortfall .
however , stewart ritchie suggested that there was certainly no need to panic but instead individuals should continue to [watch] their fund 's growth and perhaps in the future increase contributions if there is a potential shortfall .

‘ The recommendations say the requirements of the disabled should be monitored , but how can you monitor something that is n't happening ? ’
‘ the recommendations say the requirements of the disabled should be monitored , but how can you [watch] something that is n't happening ? ’

As well as setting up the scheme , the council will be made to fill in quarterly returns so the government can monitor changes in numbers .
as well as setting up the scheme , the council will be made to fill in quarterly returns so the government can [watch] changes in numbers .

Home Office ministers have asked the Association of Chief Police Officers to monitor the spread of scanners which can detect a radar trap up to three miles away .
home office ministers have asked the association of chief police officers to [watch] the spread of scanners which can detect a radar trap up to three miles away .

Now the Darlington Association on Disability has urged members to monitor the effects of the ban .
now the darlington association on disability has urged members to [watch] the effects of the ban .

Businessmen are banding together to bring to book those who illegally dump wagon loads of waste , and the Merseyside Development Corporation have backed the initiative with the introduction of video cameras to monitor the twilight activity .
businessmen are banding together to bring to book those who illegally dump wagon loads of waste , and the merseyside development corporation have backed the initiative with the introduction of video cameras to [watch] the twilight activity .

To hold weekly Union meetings for as long as necessary to monitor the progress of the campaign .
to hold weekly union meetings for as long as necessary to [watch] the progress of the campaign .

It was suggested that it might be necessary to monitor DECs more strictly , with some possible funding implications .
it was suggested that it might be necessary to [watch] decs more strictly , with some possible funding implications .

The children will watch the trees grow , transplant them into part of the Communiy Forest nearby and monitor their growth over several years .
the children will watch the trees grow , transplant them into part of the communiy forest nearby and [watch] their growth over several years .

He will monitor and review the company 's emergency planning policies and security operations .
he will [watch] and review the company 's emergency planning policies and security operations .

Mr Hulse said schools were easy targets for vandals and arsonists but it was difficult and expensive to monitor attacks .
mr hulse said schools were easy targets for vandals and arsonists but it was difficult and expensive to [watch] attacks .

Showing they do not mean to let anyone sleep on the job in creating better relations , pupils of Brackenhoe School , Middlesbrough , organised a bed push for South Cleveland Hospital 's baby monitor appeal .
showing they do not mean to let anyone sleep on the job in creating better relations , pupils of brackenhoe school , middlesbrough , organised a bed push for south cleveland hospital 's baby [watch] appeal .

The high-tech equipment being commissioned at Longlands College will monitor a wide range of hydrocarbons , which can be a hazard to health .
the high-tech equipment being commissioned at longlands college will [watch] a wide range of hydrocarbons , which can be a hazard to health .

The essential appeal in ‘ Sliver ’ is the voyeurism of apartment building owner Zeke Hawkins ( William Baldwin ) who has set up an elaborate video system to monitor what his tenants get up to behind closed doors .
the essential appeal in ‘ sliver ’ is the voyeurism of apartment building owner zeke hawkins ( william baldwin ) who has set up an elaborate video system to [watch] what his tenants get up to behind closed doors .

For instance Andrew Jackson traps pest species of moth to monitor the population .
for instance andrew jackson traps pest species of moth to [watch] the population .

But South Belfast councillor John Parkes objected to the call by Dr Hendron to have more checkpoints to monitor traffic in and out of loyalist areas of the city .
but south belfast councillor john parkes objected to the call by dr hendron to have more checkpoints to [watch] traffic in and out of loyalist areas of the city .

Every year , their brains are scanned and compared , so researchers can monitor the progress of Iris 's disease .
every year , their brains are scanned and compared , so researchers can [watch] the progress of iris 's disease .

West Mercia Police tried to introduce this Israeli computer to monitor vehicle distance and speed .
west mercia police tried to introduce this israeli computer to [watch] vehicle distance and speed .

The police say that they do monitor car boot sales , but they believe the vast majority of people using car boot sales are honest .
the police say that they do [watch] car boot sales , but they believe the vast majority of people using car boot sales are honest .

The report recommends local authorities monitor water supplies and review their emergency plans in the event of further outbreaks .
the report recommends local authorities [watch] water supplies and review their emergency plans in the event of further outbreaks .

We have intensified our monitoring at Farmoor , spending in the region of one million pounds , er to monitor further for the parasite cryptosporidium .
we have intensified our monitoring at farmoor , spending in the region of one million pounds , er to [watch] further for the parasite cryptosporidium .

Every day we monitor bookings with our tour operators and our own figures .
every day we [watch] bookings with our tour operators and our own figures .

the City Council 's remains as efficient as possible , and erm most all the posts that we have at present , we believe are necessary , but we do continue to monitor them and see whether it is necessary to continue to employ all the people that we are employing at the moment .
the city council 's remains as efficient as possible , and erm most all the posts that we have at present , we believe are necessary , but we do continue to [watch] them and see whether it is necessary to continue to employ all the people that we are employing at the moment .

Do they have any idea of can they monitor at all who gets it ?
do they have any idea of can they [watch] at all who gets it ?

The results are recorded on a tape which the doctor can playback to monitor brain signals , eye movements and breathing .
the results are recorded on a tape which the doctor can playback to [watch] brain signals , eye movements and breathing .

Branches will now be able to monitor progress through weekly reports and will receive statements of performance from their regional office at the end of each period .
branches will now be able to [watch] progress through weekly reports and will receive statements of performance from their regional office at the end of each period .

Manager Charlton will monitor the progress and fitness of his three injured stars before deciding to add them to the panel at a later date .
manager charlton will [watch] the progress and fitness of his three injured stars before deciding to add them to the panel at a later date .

‘ And in the medium-term we must see how we can monitor vehicle permits on a more regular basis . ’
‘ and in the medium-term we must see how we can [watch] vehicle permits on a more regular basis . ’

Says Janet : ‘ Our new Ante-natal Assessment Centre allows us to monitor the mother and baby on an out-patient basis without having to admit them to hospital .
says janet : ‘ our new ante-natal assessment centre allows us to [watch] the mother and baby on an out-patient basis without having to admit them to hospital .

2 In the past , certain data has been collated by the regulatory authorities , such as the National Rivers Authority and Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution , who monitor industry 's performance and this data is available from their public registers .
2 in the past , certain data has been collated by the regulatory authorities , such as the national rivers authority and her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution , who [watch] industry 's performance and this data is available from their public registers .

Although the levels of mercury in fish in the Mersey is well below the legal limit , industry and the statutory authorities will continue to monitor the situation .
although the levels of mercury in fish in the mersey is well below the legal limit , industry and the statutory authorities will continue to [watch] the situation .

Trials of state-of-the-art technology to monitor air quality in and around Wilton have been producing some interesting data .
trials of state-of-the-art technology to [watch] air quality in and around wilton have been producing some interesting data .

Wearing his environmental manager 's hat , Mike 's responsibilities are to monitor , audit and minimise the environmental impact of the business .
wearing his environmental manager 's hat , mike 's responsibilities are to [watch] , audit and minimise the environmental impact of the business .

Monitor payloads being achieved .
[watch] payloads being achieved .

Monitor payloads again .
[watch] payloads again .

The charter says to monitor service provision properly , local authority inspection units should consult individuals and organisations within the black community .
the charter says to [watch] service provision properly , local authority inspection units should consult individuals and organisations within the black community .

The report says SSDs should monitor and record religion , language , and diet as well as ethnic origin .
the report says ssds should [watch] and record religion , language , and diet as well as ethnic origin .

Age Concern is so worried about the impact of cash restraints on assessments , it has asked its 1,000-plus member groups to monitor the situation .
age concern is so worried about the impact of cash restraints on assessments , it has asked its 1,000-plus member groups to [watch] the situation .

It is , therefore , necessary for a company operating in this type of environment to monitor trends and adapt as necessary .
it is , therefore , necessary for a company operating in this type of environment to [watch] trends and adapt as necessary .

Using eight display screens the team on duty can monitor and control the pressures and flows of gas coming into the region through the national and regional offtakes , maintaining safe operating limits and ensuring demand is met .
using eight display screens the team on duty can [watch] and control the pressures and flows of gas coming into the region through the national and regional offtakes , maintaining safe operating limits and ensuring demand is met .

At British Gas South Western we monitor national weather forecasts and receive four reports each day from the Bristol Weather Centre , and two from Plymouth .
at british gas south western we [watch] national weather forecasts and receive four reports each day from the bristol weather centre , and two from plymouth .

One 's called the monitor and one 's called called the system .
one 's called the [watch] and one 's called called the system .

The main colour monitor operating instructions in here .
the main colour [watch] operating instructions in here .

Ultimately er they might change the lead on the end of that monitor .
ultimately er they might change the lead on the end of that [watch] .

what 's his name ? My monitor .
what 's his name ? my [watch] .

we could actually drive the monitor off the box and you 'd only need one socket .
we could actually drive the [watch] off the box and you 'd only need one socket .

The thermometer is stuck in a clearly visible position to monitor the temperature , — from the heaterstat and from the room temperature , which in summer may exceed comfortable levels for your fish .
the thermometer is stuck in a clearly visible position to [watch] the temperature , — from the heaterstat and from the room temperature , which in summer may exceed comfortable levels for your fish .

Barley straw can be an effective treatment for green water , but you must monitor the water at least weekly for ammonia and nitrite , as these are the by-products of its decomposition .
barley straw can be an effective treatment for green water , but you must [watch] the water at least weekly for ammonia and nitrite , as these are the by-products of its decomposition .

Do take the time to monitor your progress with the aerobic exercises and enter the details each day .
do take the time to [watch] your progress with the aerobic exercises and enter the details each day .

At high temperatures a powerful pumping movement of the mouth and neck takes place in the large monitor lizard Varanus .
at high temperatures a powerful pumping movement of the mouth and neck takes place in the large [watch] lizard varanus .

In contrast to this move to open up broadcasting to the free market , there is the desire to monitor and control output .
in contrast to this move to open up broadcasting to the free market , there is the desire to [watch] and control output .

It is impossible for any of us to monitor carefully every single thing we say — how boring and stilted our speech would be if we did — but it is as well to remember that young children take the spoken word very literally , and a great deal of harm can be caused by the use of thoughtless and insensitive phrases .
it is impossible for any of us to [watch] carefully every single thing we say — how boring and stilted our speech would be if we did — but it is as well to remember that young children take the spoken word very literally , and a great deal of harm can be caused by the use of thoughtless and insensitive phrases .

The aim is to be aware of the contrast between a voice volume that is too loud in ordinary circumstances and the voice volume that is suitable for ordinary conversation but using feeling instead of ( or as well as ) hearing to monitor the loudness .
the aim is to be aware of the contrast between a voice volume that is too loud in ordinary circumstances and the voice volume that is suitable for ordinary conversation but using feeling instead of ( or as well as ) hearing to [watch] the loudness .

While you do this , monitor the water for ammonia , nitrite and dissolved oxygen .
while you do this , [watch] the water for ammonia , nitrite and dissolved oxygen .

You wanted more humour — perhaps we sometimes forget that fishkeeping is fun — so we recruited Old Fishfinger and started our Newswatch column to monitor the strange and humorous .
you wanted more humour — perhaps we sometimes forget that fishkeeping is fun — so we recruited old fishfinger and started our newswatch column to [watch] the strange and humorous .

It 's a useful tool for those who keep sensitive fish , and equally handy if you have several tanks , to easily monitor for falling pH in just one of them .
it 's a useful tool for those who keep sensitive fish , and equally handy if you have several tanks , to easily [watch] for falling ph in just one of them .

When illuminated , the front panel looks something like a heart rate monitor , as seen in all the best hospital soaps .
when illuminated , the front panel looks something like a heart rate [watch] , as seen in all the best hospital soaps .

The purpose of the ‘ new ’ probation-order team would be to monitor standard operating procedures , research programme strategies , communications networks , command structures , and any other structural factors which might be linked to the corporation 's previous misbehaviour and then make recommendations which the company could not refuse to implement without the risk of revoking the probation licence and returning to court for resentencing .
the purpose of the ‘ new ’ probation-order team would be to [watch] standard operating procedures , research programme strategies , communications networks , command structures , and any other structural factors which might be linked to the corporation 's previous misbehaviour and then make recommendations which the company could not refuse to implement without the risk of revoking the probation licence and returning to court for resentencing .

Team owner Frank Williams must have watched his pit lane monitor with a mixture of delight and dismay as the star he is losing to Indy Car racing ripped up the record books .
team owner frank williams must have watched his pit lane [watch] with a mixture of delight and dismay as the star he is losing to indy car racing ripped up the record books .

‘ We will want to monitor her health for the next month or two at least before letting her return to England . ’
‘ we will want to [watch] her health for the next month or two at least before letting her return to england . ’

Mrs Oram 's three-year-old son Charles almost choked to death in thick fumes after the £30 Safe and Sound monitor ‘ spontaneously ignited ’ .
mrs oram 's three-year-old son charles almost choked to death in thick fumes after the £30 safe and sound [watch] ‘ spontaneously ignited ’ .

His sheets were scorched after the white plastic monitor box melted and set fire to the carpet .
his sheets were scorched after the white plastic [watch] box melted and set fire to the carpet .

Mothercare and Boots sell versions of the Safe and Sound monitor .
mothercare and boots sell versions of the safe and sound [watch] .

And it will plan how to monitor heavy weapons if a ceasefire takes hold .
and it will plan how to [watch] heavy weapons if a ceasefire takes hold .

Doubts were raised about the claims of ex-banker Cyril Reenan that he was able to monitor a lovey-dovey conversation between a mystery woman , said to be Princess Diana , and an unidentified man for a total of 23 minutes .
doubts were raised about the claims of ex-banker cyril reenan that he was able to [watch] a lovey-dovey conversation between a mystery woman , said to be princess diana , and an unidentified man for a total of 23 minutes .

‘ Large concentration of bodies coming our way , ’ said Danny Riegert from the monitor .
‘ large concentration of bodies coming our way , ’ said danny riegert from the [watch] .

In church growth terms , he had the ability to ‘ identify , recruit , train , deploy , monitor and nurture leaders ’ !
in church growth terms , he had the ability to ‘ identify , recruit , train , deploy , [watch] and nurture leaders ’ !

Ability to identify , recruit , train , deploy , monitor and nurture leaders .
ability to identify , recruit , train , deploy , [watch] and nurture leaders .

Driver education had to be part of the strategy too , so that during the introduction of the Tempo 30 zone , drivers could monitor their own behaviour .
driver education had to be part of the strategy too , so that during the introduction of the tempo 30 zone , drivers could [watch] their own behaviour .

The Children Act 1975 sought to discourage such step-parent adoptions and a research project was established to monitor the changes .
the children act 1975 sought to discourage such step-parent adoptions and a research project was established to [watch] the changes .

The flight safety officials receive reports from their own flight crews and engineering staff , and keep checks on operational irregularities and monitor the investigations of all the flight safety incidents such as engine shut-downs in flight , selection of emergency systems , component failure in flight and procedural shortcomings .
the flight safety officials receive reports from their own flight crews and engineering staff , and keep checks on operational irregularities and [watch] the investigations of all the flight safety incidents such as engine shut-downs in flight , selection of emergency systems , component failure in flight and procedural shortcomings .

Moreover , international operations director Richard Ferry claims that the Bracknell , Berkshire-based company 's services are unique — although most rivals can offer centralised expertise , he says , no-one else can monitor computer systems remotely , or keep an eye on such critical issues as temperature and air conditioning levels at any given customer site .
moreover , international operations director richard ferry claims that the bracknell , berkshire-based company 's services are unique — although most rivals can offer centralised expertise , he says , no-one else can [watch] computer systems remotely , or keep an eye on such critical issues as temperature and air conditioning levels at any given customer site .

But at Toshiba we do n't just monitor what 's going on inside you ; we also keep a watch on what 's going on around you .
but at toshiba we do n't just [watch] what 's going on inside you ; we also keep a watch on what 's going on around you .

Travel Industry Monitor
travel industry [watch]

Travel Industry Monitor is a new monthly publication from the Economist Intelligence Unit .
travel industry [watch] is a new monthly publication from the economist intelligence unit .

• Monitor trends in discounts and premiums with detailed charts ,
• [watch] trends in discounts and premiums with detailed charts ,

To ensure that Porsche drivers enjoy greater response and surer handling , the engineers also decided to use electronic sensors to monitor each wheel .
to ensure that porsche drivers enjoy greater response and surer handling , the engineers also decided to use electronic sensors to [watch] each wheel .

Its purpose then was to monitor changes in the environment worldwide , and engender popular environmental practices .
its purpose then was to [watch] changes in the environment worldwide , and engender popular environmental practices .

Reports of baby deaths will be referred to an officer of the rank of inspector or above who will control and monitor police response .
reports of baby deaths will be referred to an officer of the rank of inspector or above who will control and [watch] police response .

Where private care is offered by private employment agencies , central control is already being exerted under the Employment Agencies Act but local authorities do need to monitor the performance of whatever scheme is being operated and ensure that gaps in provision are identified and filled .
where private care is offered by private employment agencies , central control is already being exerted under the employment agencies act but local authorities do need to [watch] the performance of whatever scheme is being operated and ensure that gaps in provision are identified and filled .

Which means not only can you monitor the progress of the roast or the meringues — you can efficiently avert the slightest risk of disaster .
which means not only can you [watch] the progress of the roast or the meringues — you can efficiently avert the slightest risk of disaster .

‘ Political work ’ teams monitor the activities of monks and nuns .
‘ political work ’ teams [watch] the activities of monks and nuns .

’ He was impressed by the Madras or monitor system of Dr Bell , in which pupil teachers passed on one teacher 's instruction to hundreds of junior pupils .
’ he was impressed by the madras or [watch] system of dr bell , in which pupil teachers passed on one teacher 's instruction to hundreds of junior pupils .

Watching people you hardly know getting progressively drunk in front of your eyes while you soberly and precisely monitor the way they change is unexpectedly disturbing .
watching people you hardly know getting progressively drunk in front of your eyes while you soberly and precisely [watch] the way they change is unexpectedly disturbing .

The essentials of Taylorism involve the use of work-study engineers to study in fine detail the work an individual is doing ; through detailed analysis develop the most efficient method of doing that work and establish a ‘ fair ’ time for performing particular elements of the task ; develop a specialised staff function whose task is to allocate jobs to individual workers ; and monitor performance against the rated time for the job .
the essentials of taylorism involve the use of work-study engineers to study in fine detail the work an individual is doing ; through detailed analysis develop the most efficient method of doing that work and establish a ‘ fair ’ time for performing particular elements of the task ; develop a specialised staff function whose task is to allocate jobs to individual workers ; and [watch] performance against the rated time for the job .

Many of them have done so ; many continue to monitor and amend them as situations change .
many of them have done so ; many continue to [watch] and amend them as situations change .

Without doubt , it is important for investors to monitor what directors are up to with their shares .
without doubt , it is important for investors to [watch] what directors are up to with their shares .

’ asks Mistress Monitor magazine .
’ asks mistress [watch] magazine .

Upstairs , a child 's bedroom had been turned into the equivalent of a multiplex cinema complete with flickering 12-inch video monitor .
upstairs , a child 's bedroom had been turned into the equivalent of a multiplex cinema complete with flickering 12-inch video [watch] .

With the more persistent caller , you may have to ask the Telephone Exchange to monitor all your calls for a while , or you can change your number and go ex-directory .
with the more persistent caller , you may have to ask the telephone exchange to [watch] all your calls for a while , or you can change your number and go ex-directory .

One of his strange exploits among other frolics , was having a coffin made of copper ( which one of his mines had that year produced ) , and placed in the great hall , and instead of his making use of it as a monitor that might have made him ashamed and terrified at his past life , and induce him to make amends in future , it was filled with punch , and he and his comrades soon made themselves incapable of any sort of reflection ; this was often repeated , and hurried him on to that awful moment he had so much reason to dread .
one of his strange exploits among other frolics , was having a coffin made of copper ( which one of his mines had that year produced ) , and placed in the great hall , and instead of his making use of it as a [watch] that might have made him ashamed and terrified at his past life , and induce him to make amends in future , it was filled with punch , and he and his comrades soon made themselves incapable of any sort of reflection ; this was often repeated , and hurried him on to that awful moment he had so much reason to dread .

‘ Much obscene material is already being transmitted by facsimile over phone lines and is therefore virtually impossible to monitor , ’ a police spokesman explains .
‘ much obscene material is already being transmitted by facsimile over phone lines and is therefore virtually impossible to [watch] , ’ a police spokesman explains .

monitor off the ball
[watch] off the ball

To some , a portable is a machine that only gets moved between the office and home , and is used with a proper external monitor and keyboard in both locations .
to some , a portable is a machine that only gets moved between the office and home , and is used with a proper external [watch] and keyboard in both locations .

Prices should refer to the pictures in the ad — so if the monitor has a colour screen , a colour screen is what you should get .
prices should refer to the pictures in the ad — so if the [watch] has a colour screen , a colour screen is what you should get .

Intersel , which is targeting software Ingres Computer Systems Inc 's Ingres Corp has integrated Unix System Labs ' Tuxedo transaction processing monitor in with its applications development tool , Windows4GL .
intersel , which is targeting software ingres computer systems inc 's ingres corp has integrated unix system labs ' tuxedo transaction processing [watch] in with its applications development tool , windows4gl .

Now it will be easier to monitor them .
now it will be easier to [watch] them .

‘ Now we just monitor him , check the progress of the hook as it passes through .
‘ now we just [watch] him , check the progress of the hook as it passes through .

In action research the researcher is actively involved in planning and introducing some change in policy , and then in using their research expertise to monitor and possibly to evaluate its effect .
in action research the researcher is actively involved in planning and introducing some change in policy , and then in using their research expertise to [watch] and possibly to evaluate its effect .

Researchers have to monitor not only the actions and behaviour of the group members , but also their own activities , and they must cultivate self-criticism and self-awareness .
researchers have to [watch] not only the actions and behaviour of the group members , but also their own activities , and they must cultivate self-criticism and self-awareness .

You can monitor the amount of cortical damage by looking at the extent of retrograde degeneration in the thalamus .
you can [watch] the amount of cortical damage by looking at the extent of retrograde degeneration in the thalamus .

Early work focused on single cell correlates of sensory stimulation in anaesthetized animals , but advances over the last twenty years have enabled us to monitor the single-cell correlates of behavioural activity in alert , freely moving animals ( O'Keefe and Nadel 1978 ; Olds et al .
early work focused on single cell correlates of sensory stimulation in anaesthetized animals , but advances over the last twenty years have enabled us to [watch] the single-cell correlates of behavioural activity in alert , freely moving animals ( o'keefe and nadel 1978 ; olds et al .

Until this state of affairs comes about , plans will be the outcome of a long-term process , not easily altered after they are drafted ; and planners will have no choice but to make rough approximations and search for performance indicators which are easy to monitor .
until this state of affairs comes about , plans will be the outcome of a long-term process , not easily altered after they are drafted ; and planners will have no choice but to make rough approximations and search for performance indicators which are easy to [watch] .

The clock on the monitor said 12.30 .
the clock on the [watch] said 12.30 .

Close ties with a medical publisher had enabled us to monitor early attempts to move from a traditional print-based publishing enterprise to new technologies : laser-disc publication had proved wasteful and made too many demands of staff with no experience in editing or marketing such material , let alone its production ; on-line database publication drawing on the company 's range of printed publications , many of which were in electronic form anyway before imprisonment on paper , proved more compatible with existing operations and more amenable to the skills of existing staff .
close ties with a medical publisher had enabled us to [watch] early attempts to move from a traditional print-based publishing enterprise to new technologies : laser-disc publication had proved wasteful and made too many demands of staff with no experience in editing or marketing such material , let alone its production ; on-line database publication drawing on the company 's range of printed publications , many of which were in electronic form anyway before imprisonment on paper , proved more compatible with existing operations and more amenable to the skills of existing staff .

It 's important to monitor your water quality using test kits on a regular basis .
it 's important to [watch] your water quality using test kits on a regular basis .

By Friday afternoon the results of the gas sample analysis were in and Reno Air Race Executive Director Thorton Audrain proclaimed the fuel ‘ clean ’ and promised to monitor the fuel .
by friday afternoon the results of the gas sample analysis were in and reno air race executive director thorton audrain proclaimed the fuel ‘ clean ’ and promised to [watch] the fuel .

monitor the situation ;
[watch] the situation ;

However , it is essential to monitor that services are working .
however , it is essential to [watch] that services are working .

Better practice would have been to discharge such a patient on a Monday and monitor her progress daily , to forestall a weekend crisis .
better practice would have been to discharge such a patient on a monday and [watch] her progress daily , to forestall a weekend crisis .

The Pearl findings coincide with the latest Home Owners Confidence Monitor unveiled by the Britannia Building Society .
the pearl findings coincide with the latest home owners confidence [watch] unveiled by the britannia building society .

He then bought a health physics monitor to help his neutron detection and returned to Utah with it the next day , 15 February .
he then bought a health physics [watch] to help his neutron detection and returned to utah with it the next day , 15 february .

But the brain activity … ’ He pointed to one of the monitor screens .
but the brain activity … ’ he pointed to one of the [watch] screens .

Manager Charlton will monitor the progress and fitness of his three injured players before deciding whether to add them to his squad at a later date .
manager charlton will [watch] the progress and fitness of his three injured players before deciding whether to add them to his squad at a later date .

Someone checked the car through the closed-circuit monitor and the gates opened , allowing him to drive into the courtyard .
someone checked the car through the closed-circuit [watch] and the gates opened , allowing him to drive into the courtyard .

Videopics ' basic kit — camera , monitor and printer — costs £4,950 and can be used for badges and mugs .
videopics ' basic kit — camera , [watch] and printer — costs £4,950 and can be used for badges and mugs .

You can use it with a television screen but an extra £199.99 will buy a monitor , making your games look better .
you can use it with a television screen but an extra £199.99 will buy a [watch] , making your games look better .

We saw dozens of animal and reptile species at close range including elephant , warthog , wildebeest , zebra , monitor lizards and a dozen types of antelope .
we saw dozens of animal and reptile species at close range including elephant , warthog , wildebeest , zebra , [watch] lizards and a dozen types of antelope .

Lamb said : ‘ There is still three weeks to go before the team leaves and we will monitor events very carefully between now and then .
lamb said : ‘ there is still three weeks to go before the team leaves and we will [watch] events very carefully between now and then .

Or will they attempt to funnel more business through their factoring subsidiaries on the grounds that they are better placed than the local branch managers to monitor the banks ' exposure to risk ?
or will they attempt to funnel more business through their factoring subsidiaries on the grounds that they are better placed than the local branch managers to [watch] the banks ' exposure to risk ?

An independent regulatory body should monitor the performance of all operators .
an independent regulatory body should [watch] the performance of all operators .

This will enable the current coaches , now established as a so-called cluster , and their successors in the years to come , to identify and monitor the development of present and future Canada players as they work their way up through the system .
this will enable the current coaches , now established as a so-called cluster , and their successors in the years to come , to identify and [watch] the development of present and future canada players as they work their way up through the system .

The Committee will remain in being to monitor the progress of compliance until 1995 , when a new body will be launched , perhaps with a much wider brief .
the committee will remain in being to [watch] the progress of compliance until 1995 , when a new body will be launched , perhaps with a much wider brief .

It argued that without them : it would not be possible , in practice , to operate a system of resale price maintenance because it would be impracticable for each publisher to specify his own conditions of sale ; booksellers would find it impossible to comply with all the varied terms imposed by different publishers ; booksellers would lose their assurance that they were not being undercut ; and the Association itself could not effectively monitor individual resale agreements .
it argued that without them : it would not be possible , in practice , to operate a system of resale price maintenance because it would be impracticable for each publisher to specify his own conditions of sale ; booksellers would find it impossible to comply with all the varied terms imposed by different publishers ; booksellers would lose their assurance that they were not being undercut ; and the association itself could not effectively [watch] individual resale agreements .

When you get back into training , add a little variety and monitor yourself for stress .
when you get back into training , add a little variety and [watch] yourself for stress .

The playback can he displayed either over the viewfinder so you can check your recordings as you go or by being connected to an external television screen or monitor .
the playback can he displayed either over the viewfinder so you can check your recordings as you go or by being connected to an external television screen or [watch] .

Many , but sadly not all , camcorders enable you to monitor the sound in the field via an earpiece which is plugged into a socket provided specially for this purpose .
many , but sadly not all , camcorders enable you to [watch] the sound in the field via an earpiece which is plugged into a socket provided specially for this purpose .

Use an earpiece or headphones to monitor the sound .
use an earpiece or headphones to [watch] the sound .

But second , and more important , is the positive element of companies ' wanting to monitor absence for more paternalistic reasons .
but second , and more important , is the positive element of companies ' wanting to [watch] absence for more paternalistic reasons .

It would mean effectively establishing a Securities Exchange Commission lookalike to monitor it .
it would mean effectively establishing a securities exchange commission lookalike to [watch] it .

It is important to monitor the changing environment and ensure that arrangements produce the most favourable result for the investor .
it is important to [watch] the changing environment and ensure that arrangements produce the most favourable result for the investor .

Audit committees are only as good as their members : they will help to enhance standards of corporate governance only if they are made up of truly independent non-executive directors with the experience , the skill and the commitment to : challenge knowledgeably , incisively and fearlessly the actions and judgments of management as they relate to the financial reporting process ; monitor actively management 's commitment to the maintenance of an effective system of internal control ; support the auditors by encouraging them to discuss their findings and views freely ; and act independently and objectively in helping to resolve differences of view between auditors and management .
audit committees are only as good as their members : they will help to enhance standards of corporate governance only if they are made up of truly independent non-executive directors with the experience , the skill and the commitment to : challenge knowledgeably , incisively and fearlessly the actions and judgments of management as they relate to the financial reporting process ; [watch] actively management 's commitment to the maintenance of an effective system of internal control ; support the auditors by encouraging them to discuss their findings and views freely ; and act independently and objectively in helping to resolve differences of view between auditors and management .

Electronic devices are being developed to monitor the mileages of vehicles .
electronic devices are being developed to [watch] the mileages of vehicles .

He would teach the senior pupils with the aid of an assistant mistress , leaving the little ones lower down the school to learn their early lessons from children older than themselves — this was the ‘ monitor ’ system , widely adopted and potentially very successful .
he would teach the senior pupils with the aid of an assistant mistress , leaving the little ones lower down the school to learn their early lessons from children older than themselves — this was the ‘ [watch] ’ system , widely adopted and potentially very successful .

• a high quality monitor to display the documents prior to printing .
• a high quality [watch] to display the documents prior to printing .

When learners are caught up in communication , concerned with making meaning , they have neither the time nor indeed the inclination to monitor their performance , which in consequence reveals what they have acquired without , as it were , the artificial additives of learning .
when learners are caught up in communication , concerned with making meaning , they have neither the time nor indeed the inclination to [watch] their performance , which in consequence reveals what they have acquired without , as it were , the artificial additives of learning .

Consider , for example , two of the conditions which are said to be necessary for Monitor use : time and focus on form .
consider , for example , two of the conditions which are said to be necessary for [watch] use : time and focus on form .

To suggest that such a blank-filling exercise constitutes communicative behaviour is to generalize the concept so much as to make it almost meaningless . Does the whole conceptual perspective of the Monitor theory narrow down to a focus on filling in the blanks ?
to suggest that such a blank-filling exercise constitutes communicative behaviour is to generalize the concept so much as to make it almost meaningless . does the whole conceptual perspective of the [watch] theory narrow down to a focus on filling in the blanks ?

Morrison and Low , in one of the papers in Language and Communication , refer directly to the distortions brought about by the narrowness of Krashen 's perspective . In particular , they point out that the phenomenon of monitoring can not be confined within the restricted role it plays in Monitor theory :
morrison and low , in one of the papers in language and communication , refer directly to the distortions brought about by the narrowness of krashen 's perspective . in particular , they point out that the phenomenon of monitoring can not be confined within the restricted role it plays in [watch] theory :

Monitor theory and reinforcement theory would seem to have a good deal in common .
[watch] theory and reinforcement theory would seem to have a good deal in common .

It should be stressed that the aim in providing teachers with training in observational procedures is not to turn them into classroom researchers … Rather , the idea is to equip them to assess what they are doing when back in the field , and to monitor any innovations they make in their teaching . ( 1983b:288 )
it should be stressed that the aim in providing teachers with training in observational procedures is not to turn them into classroom researchers … rather , the idea is to equip them to assess what they are doing when back in the field , and to [watch] any innovations they make in their teaching . ( 1983b:288 )

What must underpin these decisions ? The answer is fast , focused , relevant information ; information that enables senior executives to formulate and review strategy as well as to monitor performance .
what must underpin these decisions ? the answer is fast , focused , relevant information ; information that enables senior executives to formulate and review strategy as well as to [watch] performance .

To meet senior executives ' needs , the information must enable them to monitor and control the organisation 's activities against its strategy and objectives , and contribute to an effective strategic decision-making process .
to meet senior executives ' needs , the information must enable them to [watch] and control the organisation 's activities against its strategy and objectives , and contribute to an effective strategic decision-making process .

They should monitor its performance against specified objectives , with milestones along the way .
they should [watch] its performance against specified objectives , with milestones along the way .

Where directors receive a range of internal and external information on which to determine strategy , and monitor performance against that strategy , their companies will be in the best position to lead and to win .
where directors receive a range of internal and external information on which to determine strategy , and [watch] performance against that strategy , their companies will be in the best position to lead and to win .

Investment management company Ivory and Sime plans to use Notes to help its analysts monitor and choose equities from a potential total of 1,500 stocks .
investment management company ivory and sime plans to use notes to help its analysts [watch] and choose equities from a potential total of 1,500 stocks .

To avoid simultaneous borrowing and depositing you should monitor how accurate your forecasting is , without turning this into an art form .
to avoid simultaneous borrowing and depositing you should [watch] how accurate your forecasting is , without turning this into an art form .

In our experimental tasks , English letters were presented on a monitor , while in the control tasks , which were formally identical , we displayed Korean letters , which could not be transcoded phonologically .
in our experimental tasks , english letters were presented on a [watch] , while in the control tasks , which were formally identical , we displayed korean letters , which could not be transcoded phonologically .

The most urgent task is replacing ledgers and pencils with a management-information system that allows the head office to monitor risk .
the most urgent task is replacing ledgers and pencils with a management-information system that allows the head office to [watch] risk .

To set incentives and to monitor their impact requires reliable measures of what waste is produced and where : the next article examines how far countries agree on what counts as waste , and how much they know about its origins and destiny .
to set incentives and to [watch] their impact requires reliable measures of what waste is produced and where : the next article examines how far countries agree on what counts as waste , and how much they know about its origins and destiny .

Dumps are increasingly required to have special liners to stop moisture from seeping in ; to collect and treat any liquid that does get in ; to monitor the waste that is added to a dump ; and to provide for shutting down the landfill at the end of its life and cleaning up any environmental damage that may come later .
dumps are increasingly required to have special liners to stop moisture from seeping in ; to collect and treat any liquid that does get in ; to [watch] the waste that is added to a dump ; and to provide for shutting down the landfill at the end of its life and cleaning up any environmental damage that may come later .

For governments , large operators can offer reassurance that they will still be in business when today 's disposal facilities have been closed , to monitor them and ( if necessary ) pay to clean them up if they go wrong .
for governments , large operators can offer reassurance that they will still be in business when today 's disposal facilities have been closed , to [watch] them and ( if necessary ) pay to clean them up if they go wrong .

The Dutch parliament has recently decided that owners of contaminated sites should aim to clean them up to a level that is suitable for any use , but has accepted that where such a policy is uneconomic , it would be sufficient to isolate , control and monitor the land .
the dutch parliament has recently decided that owners of contaminated sites should aim to clean them up to a level that is suitable for any use , but has accepted that where such a policy is uneconomic , it would be sufficient to isolate , control and [watch] the land .

The United States has earmarked $ 100m to help Russia count and monitor its nuclear materials .
the united states has earmarked $ 100m to help russia count and [watch] its nuclear materials .

Regulators like these restrictions because it makes it easier to monitor the risks banks are taking ; bankers object to the extra cost .
regulators like these restrictions because it makes it easier to [watch] the risks banks are taking ; bankers object to the extra cost .

This can mean anything from setting up new local profit centres to revamping centrally provided services such as information technology and communications systems , or reforming ways to monitor and reward performance .
this can mean anything from setting up new local profit centres to revamping centrally provided services such as information technology and communications systems , or reforming ways to [watch] and reward performance .

Where children are considered to be ‘ at risk ’ within their families , the social service agencies have a statutory duty to monitor their continued safety , and to co-ordinate services to help their families look after them properly .
where children are considered to be ‘ at risk ’ within their families , the social service agencies have a statutory duty to [watch] their continued safety , and to co-ordinate services to help their families look after them properly .

Where the risk is considered too serious for the children to remain in their family , they have a duty to provide alternative care , in foster homes or other forms of residential care ( and there is a duty to monitor children 's safety and well-being in these situations also ) .
where the risk is considered too serious for the children to remain in their family , they have a duty to provide alternative care , in foster homes or other forms of residential care ( and there is a duty to [watch] children 's safety and well-being in these situations also ) .

New Zealand had been outraged by the French sabotage of the Greenpeace ship , which had planned to monitor France 's nuclear tests in the Pacific .
new zealand had been outraged by the french sabotage of the greenpeace ship , which had planned to [watch] france 's nuclear tests in the pacific .

Several different types of monitor are available .
several different types of [watch] are available .

Jimmy , our monitor guy , fell asleep on the bus and could n't be found at the start of our set .
jimmy , our [watch] guy , fell asleep on the bus and could n't be found at the start of our set .

When all else fails they will eat reptiles , including monitor lizards and sometimes even fish .
when all else fails they will eat reptiles , including [watch] lizards and sometimes even fish .

The tea party enabled Regina and Monica to meet their charges each day and monitor their progress .
the tea party enabled regina and monica to meet their charges each day and [watch] their progress .

Monitor lizards defy most barriers to animal distribution , largely because they are excellent swimmers .
[watch] lizards defy most barriers to animal distribution , largely because they are excellent swimmers .

The water monitor has a flattened tail for propulsion in water and nostrils at the tip of its nose to aid breathing when nearly submerged .
the water [watch] has a flattened tail for propulsion in water and nostrils at the tip of its nose to aid breathing when nearly submerged .

Wild pigs and monitor lizards dig up their eggs .
wild pigs and [watch] lizards dig up their eggs .

Among them is New York State Assemblyman Richard Brodsky , who had sought unsuccessfully in 1991 to pass legislation in New York State to curb ‘ chandelier bidding ’ by auction houses and monitor museum sales .
among them is new york state assemblyman richard brodsky , who had sought unsuccessfully in 1991 to pass legislation in new york state to curb ‘ chandelier bidding ’ by auction houses and [watch] museum sales .

After the monitor had gathered up the papers and placed them on the small , square , wooden table that acted as the sister 's desk , the class sat quiet , waiting anxiously for the verdict , a tick or a large cross , the while automatically mumbling Hail Marys .
after the [watch] had gathered up the papers and placed them on the small , square , wooden table that acted as the sister 's desk , the class sat quiet , waiting anxiously for the verdict , a tick or a large cross , the while automatically mumbling hail marys .

Running parallel to the language syllabus , other syllabuses control and monitor skills development , vocabulary work , and revision throughout the course .
running parallel to the language syllabus , other syllabuses control and [watch] skills development , vocabulary work , and revision throughout the course .

Tests are also available to help teachers monitor the progress of students using the first three Streamline coursebooks : Departures , Connections and Destinations .
tests are also available to help teachers [watch] the progress of students using the first three streamline coursebooks : departures , connections and destinations .

Krashen 's ( 1978 ) ‘ monitor ’ model of language learning tends to reinforce this .
krashen 's ( 1978 ) ‘ [watch] ’ model of language learning tends to reinforce this .

The monitor hypothesis This is a development of the first hypothesis and suggests that acquisition processes create the utterances in a second language ( producing fluency ) , but learning monitors this production .
the [watch] hypothesis this is a development of the first hypothesis and suggests that acquisition processes create the utterances in a second language ( producing fluency ) , but learning monitors this production .

The ‘ monitor ’ corrects or edits the output of the second language user .
the ‘ [watch] ’ corrects or edits the output of the second language user .

In order to use the monitor however , the speaker must have sufficient time to mentally prepare the utterance ( usually this means it can not be used in conversation ) , must be concentrating on the form of the message itself and must have complete knowledge of the rule , or rules , which have to be brought into use .
in order to use the [watch] however , the speaker must have sufficient time to mentally prepare the utterance ( usually this means it can not be used in conversation ) , must be concentrating on the form of the message itself and must have complete knowledge of the rule , or rules , which have to be brought into use .

Krashen maintains that in practice it is difficult to encourage monitor use , but that it has the advantage of being able to draw consciously on language competence to produce utterances at levels which have not yet been acquired .
krashen maintains that in practice it is difficult to encourage [watch] use , but that it has the advantage of being able to draw consciously on language competence to produce utterances at levels which have not yet been acquired .

The loop could act only as a monitor to be interrogated in the case of breakdown of comprehension .
the loop could act only as a [watch] to be interrogated in the case of breakdown of comprehension .

Record keeping to monitor the children 's progress is vital .
record keeping to [watch] the children 's progress is vital .

More recently , in the third wave of technology the man has been removed from the responsibility for continuous control ( this is best done by computers working to a moderately flexible range of programs ) but he remains as the monitor of the system performance and a selector of the appropriate program determined by the changing short-term objectives .
more recently , in the third wave of technology the man has been removed from the responsibility for continuous control ( this is best done by computers working to a moderately flexible range of programs ) but he remains as the [watch] of the system performance and a selector of the appropriate program determined by the changing short-term objectives .

For complex processes the procedures can include stages of diagnosis ( see below ) because the operator has to monitor and interpret what is happening in the plant .
for complex processes the procedures can include stages of diagnosis ( see below ) because the operator has to [watch] and interpret what is happening in the plant .

The supervisor may also monitor the same information or may have his own separate displays or both .
the supervisor may also [watch] the same information or may have his own separate displays or both .

Perceptual skills by contrast are developments to do with the greater selectivity of information needed to monitor situations and guide actions .
perceptual skills by contrast are developments to do with the greater selectivity of information needed to [watch] situations and guide actions .

At this level the practitioner is often the conscious monitor of the practice and facility in self-monitoring is a useful indicator of skill .
at this level the practitioner is often the conscious [watch] of the practice and facility in self-monitoring is a useful indicator of skill .

for training systems this can be very expensive because of the requirements to monitor the learning process and compare procedures which are anyway never completely comparable .
for training systems this can be very expensive because of the requirements to [watch] the learning process and compare procedures which are anyway never completely comparable .

Because the various occupations in any one employment would monitor and compare their respective rates of pay , and given that the ability to pay of the employer was the same for all of them , they tended to negotiate a common bargain .
because the various occupations in any one employment would [watch] and compare their respective rates of pay , and given that the ability to pay of the employer was the same for all of them , they tended to negotiate a common bargain .

As George Orwell noted in 1984 , the fear that the thought-police might monitor everybody at all times was enough to keep Big Brother 's subjects in a state of paralysed terror .
as george orwell noted in 1984 , the fear that the thought-police might [watch] everybody at all times was enough to keep big brother 's subjects in a state of paralysed terror .

Thirteen Japanese companies have banded together as the Tuxedo Promotion Group in support of Unix System Labs ' on-line transaction processing monitor , Tuxedo .
thirteen japanese companies have banded together as the tuxedo promotion group in support of unix system labs ' on-line transaction processing [watch] , tuxedo .

to monitor and guide the development of about 12 irrigation training institutes in a large developing country in South Asia to assure their long-term sustainability , including the promotion of technology transfer activities .
to [watch] and guide the development of about 12 irrigation training institutes in a large developing country in south asia to assure their long-term sustainability , including the promotion of technology transfer activities .

Links can be established between home , school and the relevant authority which can help to monitor the child 's progress , review placement and promote a well co-ordinated plan for the pupil 's education .
links can be established between home , school and the relevant authority which can help to [watch] the child 's progress , review placement and promote a well co-ordinated plan for the pupil 's education .

He lifted his close-shaven muzzle and looked at her hard over the monitor of his reader .
he lifted his close-shaven muzzle and looked at her hard over the [watch] of his reader .

She shot her cuff and checked her wrist monitor .
she shot her cuff and checked her wrist [watch] .

She drew back her cuff to check her monitor and spoke to the radio .
she drew back her cuff to check her [watch] and spoke to the radio .

But Tabitha was squatting in a corner of the ceiling , strapping on her wrist monitor , burrowing furiously into a T-shirt .
but tabitha was squatting in a corner of the ceiling , strapping on her wrist [watch] , burrowing furiously into a t-shirt .

Tal gave a most unparrotlike crow and flew up to perch on the top of a monitor .
tal gave a most unparrotlike crow and flew up to perch on the top of a [watch] .

‘ You 're our guest , ’ said the same voice , from the same monitor the other side .
‘ you 're our guest , ’ said the same voice , from the same [watch] the other side .

‘ You 're our guest , ’ said the same voice , from the same monitor the other side .
‘ you 're our guest , ’ said the same voice , from the same [watch] the other side .

They all turned round , all but Tabitha , who continued to watch the descent of the net on a bow monitor , a satisfied expression on her face .
they all turned round , all but tabitha , who continued to watch the descent of the net on a bow [watch] , a satisfied expression on her face .

Also it is hoped to monitor the current advertising campaign and to assess the reaction to diesel power .
also it is hoped to [watch] the current advertising campaign and to assess the reaction to diesel power .

One was once seen to use a stone to kill a monitor lizard , but this was probably a mistake !
one was once seen to use a stone to kill a [watch] lizard , but this was probably a mistake !

Later , came the Haemastamen , and Larraman 's Organ : the former to monitor the Ossmodula and Biscopea and to enrich the blood , the latter to alter the blood 's clotting properties so that scar tissue would almost instantly close up any wound .
later , came the haemastamen , and larraman 's organ : the former to [watch] the ossmodula and biscopea and to enrich the blood , the latter to alter the blood 's clotting properties so that scar tissue would almost instantly close up any wound .

The cadets received their melachromic organ , which henceforth would monitor radiations bombarding their skin and darken it protectively .
the cadets received their melachromic organ , which henceforth would [watch] radiations bombarding their skin and darken it protectively .

On the small monitor screen his great external weapon was white-hot , seething , dripping molten metal on to the carapace below .
on the small [watch] screen his great external weapon was white-hot , seething , dripping molten metal on to the carapace below .

Ensuring that services stay up to set standards by employing a team of inspectors to monitor the service in detail
ensuring that services stay up to set standards by employing a team of inspectors to [watch] the service in detail

Services should also affirm their policies on equal opportunities by ensuring that they monitor the use of their services by specific ethnic groups , test that the information they make available for the public is comprehensible and accessible , canvass users ' views of the current services , recruit staff of different ethnic backgrounds , at all levels in the organization ( although , in the case of Afro-Caribbeans in particular , this can be difficult due to the lower educational opportunities of this group and , in consequence , a paucity of suitable candidates for posts ) , and institute a programme of training for staff of all grades and backgrounds to understand their own conscious and unconscious prejudices about race and culture .
services should also affirm their policies on equal opportunities by ensuring that they [watch] the use of their services by specific ethnic groups , test that the information they make available for the public is comprehensible and accessible , canvass users ' views of the current services , recruit staff of different ethnic backgrounds , at all levels in the organization ( although , in the case of afro-caribbeans in particular , this can be difficult due to the lower educational opportunities of this group and , in consequence , a paucity of suitable candidates for posts ) , and institute a programme of training for staff of all grades and backgrounds to understand their own conscious and unconscious prejudices about race and culture .

It is therefore essential that the chief surveyor , director , or other member of the management team maintains a watching brief to monitor the accuracy of measurement and to ensure that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve his objectives .
it is therefore essential that the chief surveyor , director , or other member of the management team maintains a watching brief to [watch] the accuracy of measurement and to ensure that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve his objectives .

Management may monitor performance and , in times of recession when building labour is freely available , lay off operatives who fail to achieve the output required .
management may [watch] performance and , in times of recession when building labour is freely available , lay off operatives who fail to achieve the output required .

Whichever method is used , it is essential that where doubts exist management should monitor the output of the work-force before finalising the target .
whichever method is used , it is essential that where doubts exist management should [watch] the output of the work-force before finalising the target .

It is also possible to monitor their progress through the planning process .
it is also possible to [watch] their progress through the planning process .

It must be emphasised , therefore , that it is essential that management monitor and frequently check the competence of their surveying staff , the methods of measurement used , and that sub-contractor 's accounts are accurate and up to date .
it must be emphasised , therefore , that it is essential that management [watch] and frequently check the competence of their surveying staff , the methods of measurement used , and that sub-contractor 's accounts are accurate and up to date .

With many materials , for example cement , sand , aggregate , and bricks , the correct cost centre may be difficult to monitor .
with many materials , for example cement , sand , aggregate , and bricks , the correct cost centre may be difficult to [watch] .

It is therefore essential , if costs are to be meaningful , that site and surveying staff accurately monitor the flow of materials to each cost centre .
it is therefore essential , if costs are to be meaningful , that site and surveying staff accurately [watch] the flow of materials to each cost centre .

As he moves through the house , mirrors monitor him .
as he moves through the house , mirrors [watch] him .

For example , if airlines share a computerized reservation system this makes it easy to monitor and collude on prices .
for example , if airlines share a computerized reservation system this makes it easy to [watch] and collude on prices .

It is generally accepted that control systems have to be organized in parallel to the activities that they are intended to monitor .
it is generally accepted that control systems have to be organized in parallel to the activities that they are intended to [watch] .

The Treasury employs sections which monitor the expenditure of the various departments and go over their estimates , the role of the Treasury being to insist on certain overall policies and ceilings on expenditure while the spending departments tend to argue in favour of certain policy objectives or programmes , hoping that if these are accepted , the necessary funds will be forthcoming .
the treasury employs sections which [watch] the expenditure of the various departments and go over their estimates , the role of the treasury being to insist on certain overall policies and ceilings on expenditure while the spending departments tend to argue in favour of certain policy objectives or programmes , hoping that if these are accepted , the necessary funds will be forthcoming .

Lolling on the bench beside the monitor , one foot on someone else 's chairback , she said , ‘ Maybe she 'll grace you with a little more than that , Danny .
lolling on the bench beside the [watch] , one foot on someone else 's chairback , she said , ‘ maybe she 'll grace you with a little more than that , danny .

Many clinics are beyond reproach but others , while giving doctors the opportunity to monitor their patients ' progress , can appear unhelpful to the patients themselves .
many clinics are beyond reproach but others , while giving doctors the opportunity to [watch] their patients ' progress , can appear unhelpful to the patients themselves .

Alchian and Demsetz characterise the firm as involving a team use of inputs together with the occupancy of a central position by a party whose function is to monitor the outputs of the team members and the other factors of production employed in the firm .
alchian and demsetz characterise the firm as involving a team use of inputs together with the occupancy of a central position by a party whose function is to [watch] the outputs of the team members and the other factors of production employed in the firm .

The central monitor , in turn , is given an incentive not to shirk in performing the monitoring function by giving him or her a right to the residual , that is , a right to the surplus that remains after all the other factors of production have been paid at the market rate .
the central [watch] , in turn , is given an incentive not to shirk in performing the monitoring function by giving him or her a right to the residual , that is , a right to the surplus that remains after all the other factors of production have been paid at the market rate .

Since the size of the residual depends on the efficiency of the firm , the monitor has an interest in ensuring that the firm is run as efficiently as possible .
since the size of the residual depends on the efficiency of the firm , the [watch] has an interest in ensuring that the firm is run as efficiently as possible .

In the classical firm the central monitor is the owner/entrepreneur .
in the classical firm the central [watch] is the owner/entrepreneur .

The model is so named because it describes a mechanism designed to compel managers to act in the shareholders ' interests which depends on vesting owner-like rights in the shareholders , as mentioned , to appoint , monitor , and replace the most senior tier of management and to make certain other fundamental decisions .
the model is so named because it describes a mechanism designed to compel managers to act in the shareholders ' interests which depends on vesting owner-like rights in the shareholders , as mentioned , to appoint , [watch] , and replace the most senior tier of management and to make certain other fundamental decisions .

Another important function of the board , at least in theory , is to monitor the performance of senior executives , and also the performance of the company 's operating divisions and subsidiaries .
another important function of the board , at least in theory , is to [watch] the performance of senior executives , and also the performance of the company 's operating divisions and subsidiaries .

The control of managerial discretion by means of legal duties ( sometimes hereafter , ‘ duty- based controls ’ ) relies ultimately on the use of an external agency , the courts , to monitor management conduct .
the control of managerial discretion by means of legal duties ( sometimes hereafter , ‘ duty- based controls ’ ) relies ultimately on the use of an external agency , the courts , to [watch] management conduct .

Thus , a principal function of top management is to co-ordinate and monitor the efforts of those lower down the hierarchy .
thus , a principal function of top management is to co-ordinate and [watch] the efforts of those lower down the hierarchy .

It is also likely that they will monitor and criticize the performance of their colleagues to the same end .
it is also likely that they will [watch] and criticize the performance of their colleagues to the same end .

In simpler situations the system of mirrors still works well , and is , of course , much cheaper than a television camera and monitor .
in simpler situations the system of mirrors still works well , and is , of course , much cheaper than a television camera and [watch] .

Sjahrir later acquired the reputation of a resistance leader , but although he refused to collaborate with the Japanese all he really did was to monitor the declining fortunes of Japan on his illegal radio .
sjahrir later acquired the reputation of a resistance leader , but although he refused to collaborate with the japanese all he really did was to [watch] the declining fortunes of japan on his illegal radio .

In South Australia , Holden 's Motor Company at Elizabeth near Adelaide have since 1986 been introducing sophisticated manufacturing technology , as part of an Australian $ 350 million investment programme , and establishing ‘ family cells ’ — shop-floor groups who organize themselves and monitor their own production performance .
in south australia , holden 's motor company at elizabeth near adelaide have since 1986 been introducing sophisticated manufacturing technology , as part of an australian $ 350 million investment programme , and establishing ‘ family cells ’ — shop-floor groups who organize themselves and [watch] their own production performance .

Concern by management to monitor efficiency should serve to focus regular attention on the subject rather than attract ad hoc attention .
concern by management to [watch] efficiency should serve to focus regular attention on the subject rather than attract ad hoc attention .

1 identify , in the course of the annual audit effort , specific local opportunities to improve value for money by reference to other steps that have already been taken successfully in other authorities facing similar problems ; 2 promote good management practice by documenting achievements and training auditors to spot potential improvements , and publishing the results of special reports ; 3 encourage — even promote — action , though ( auditors ’ ) reports to officers and members , management letters to the authority and ( if necessary ) reports in the public interest ; 4 monitor implementation performance during annual audits , drawing attention as required to any shortfall ; 5 co-ordinate the efforts of related organizations . The Commission does not believe that it would be fruitful simply to gauge individual local authorities ' spending levels against aggregate spending levels ( 1983 , p. 17 ) :
1 identify , in the course of the annual audit effort , specific local opportunities to improve value for money by reference to other steps that have already been taken successfully in other authorities facing similar problems ; 2 promote good management practice by documenting achievements and training auditors to spot potential improvements , and publishing the results of special reports ; 3 encourage — even promote — action , though ( auditors ’ ) reports to officers and members , management letters to the authority and ( if necessary ) reports in the public interest ; 4 [watch] implementation performance during annual audits , drawing attention as required to any shortfall ; 5 co-ordinate the efforts of related organizations . the commission does not believe that it would be fruitful simply to gauge individual local authorities ' spending levels against aggregate spending levels ( 1983 , p. 17 ) :

So as to avoid any political consideration of policies , the auditor 's brief is to monitor and report upon agencies ' and departments ' approaches for monitoring and reviewing their own effectiveness .
so as to avoid any political consideration of policies , the auditor 's brief is to [watch] and report upon agencies ' and departments ' approaches for monitoring and reviewing their own effectiveness .

monitor adherence to policies and directives .
[watch] adherence to policies and directives .

Producing the latest generation of automobiles involves making electronic circuits that govern fuel consumption and monitor engine performance ; developments in these devices lead to improved sensing equipment and software for monitoring heartbeats and moisture in the air .
producing the latest generation of automobiles involves making electronic circuits that govern fuel consumption and [watch] engine performance ; developments in these devices lead to improved sensing equipment and software for monitoring heartbeats and moisture in the air .

The analysis of sampling behaviour by headquarters , however , was immediately resented by field staff as an attempt to monitor their performance .
the analysis of sampling behaviour by headquarters , however , was immediately resented by field staff as an attempt to [watch] their performance .

Officers closely monitor those cases in which pollution may be attributable to a breakdown of treatment plant or some other apparently ‘ accidental ’ cause .
officers closely [watch] those cases in which pollution may be attributable to a breakdown of treatment plant or some other apparently ‘ accidental ’ cause .

Where an enforcement agency actively seeks out deviance by organizing its discovery systems to survey , monitor , or inspect , it mobilizes its resources proactively .
where an enforcement agency actively seeks out deviance by organizing its discovery systems to survey , [watch] , or inspect , it mobilizes its resources proactively .

The routine sample is a monitor of the state of a watercourse or a particular effluent , intended to build up a profile of water and effluent quality .
the routine sample is a [watch] of the state of a watercourse or a particular effluent , intended to build up a profile of water and effluent quality .

Meanwhile the workers continually monitor the temperature and humidity , waiting for the conditions that signal perfect mating weather .
meanwhile the workers continually [watch] the temperature and humidity , waiting for the conditions that signal perfect mating weather .

Electroreceptors along the fish 's body continually monitor the field and detect any distortions to build up an electric pattern of the surroundings .
electroreceptors along the fish 's body continually [watch] the field and detect any distortions to build up an electric pattern of the surroundings .

This lets you monitor the demand that there is for it and will provide a sound basis for decisions about the possible expansion of your video facilities in the future .
this lets you [watch] the demand that there is for it and will provide a sound basis for decisions about the possible expansion of your video facilities in the future .

Monitor the use made of it and assess recording proposals in terms of the time they will take , and the usefulness of the end result .
[watch] the use made of it and assess recording proposals in terms of the time they will take , and the usefulness of the end result .

— Plug in to the mains ( you may need to plug in player and monitor separately ) ;
— plug in to the mains ( you may need to plug in player and [watch] separately ) ;

While it 's playing , experiment with the controls on the monitor to make sure you know what each one does .
while it 's playing , experiment with the controls on the [watch] to make sure you know what each one does .

— play and check colour , volume , position of monitor ;
— play and check colour , volume , position of [watch] ;

— You can turn the monitor round with its back to the class ( only if you have an external speaker , otherwise the speaker in the set will be pointing away from the class and the sound will be muffled . )
— you can turn the [watch] round with its back to the class ( only if you have an external speaker , otherwise the speaker in the set will be pointing away from the class and the sound will be muffled . )

If this can be kept in a place that is accessible to teachers , along with a monitor ( a small black and white one would do ) , then it can be used for teacher viewing and for setting a tape at the right place before a lesson .
if this can be kept in a place that is accessible to teachers , along with a [watch] ( a small black and white one would do ) , then it can be used for teacher viewing and for setting a tape at the right place before a lesson .

If regular recording is possible , teachers could be trained to monitor themselves using a checklist of this kind .
if regular recording is possible , teachers could be trained to [watch] themselves using a checklist of this kind .

There is no need for the whole group to watch playback sessions — it is a much better use of time to train teachers to monitor themselves and to consult their tutor when they feel the need for it .
there is no need for the whole group to watch playback sessions — it is a much better use of time to train teachers to [watch] themselves and to consult their tutor when they feel the need for it .

With a score-keeping facility a tutor can monitor the performance of a student as the responses made are recorded for later reference .
with a score-keeping facility a tutor can [watch] the performance of a student as the responses made are recorded for later reference .

Or you can add a little food to the unstocked tank , and by regularly testing for nitrites , monitor the gradual increase of the bacteria as they ‘ feed ’ on the wastes and multiply .
or you can add a little food to the unstocked tank , and by regularly testing for nitrites , [watch] the gradual increase of the bacteria as they ‘ feed ’ on the wastes and multiply .

The axon transmits information by means of electrical impulses , and it is beeause these cause current to flow in the media around the cell that one can monitor the impulses , and hence the information flow , by means of a micro-electrode placed close to it .
the axon transmits information by means of electrical impulses , and it is beeause these cause current to flow in the media around the cell that one can [watch] the impulses , and hence the information flow , by means of a micro-electrode placed close to it .

Unlike a person whose actual reading betrays his powers of concentration , Mrs Varden 's pretended reading prevents her from actually reading , because in order to monitor and enjoy its communicative effect it would be impossible for Mrs Varden to accomplish the deed of reading in earnest .
unlike a person whose actual reading betrays his powers of concentration , mrs varden 's pretended reading prevents her from actually reading , because in order to [watch] and enjoy its communicative effect it would be impossible for mrs varden to accomplish the deed of reading in earnest .

In a classic article ( Enzensberger 1976 ) , Enzensberger argues that in late capitalist societies the media systems , like the structures of social control are ‘ leaky ’ : it is impossible , for instance , to monitor which records are played , how they are used , what is put on a cassette .
in a classic article ( enzensberger 1976 ) , enzensberger argues that in late capitalist societies the media systems , like the structures of social control are ‘ leaky ’ : it is impossible , for instance , to [watch] which records are played , how they are used , what is put on a cassette .

Tom was chief radio monitor .
tom was chief radio [watch] .

The aim was to monitor only those outpatient referrals which incurred a charge against fundholders ' budgets and the corresponding referrals in the control practices .
the aim was to [watch] only those outpatient referrals which incurred a charge against fundholders ' budgets and the corresponding referrals in the control practices .

It will be important to continue to monitor these effects .
it will be important to continue to [watch] these effects .

The authors suggest that the benefits of computer generated protocols might be apparent if the computer was used to monitor progress throughout pregnancy and alert the obstetrician to deviations in management from agreed protocols .
the authors suggest that the benefits of computer generated protocols might be apparent if the computer was used to [watch] progress throughout pregnancy and alert the obstetrician to deviations in management from agreed protocols .

Prices should refer to the pictures in the ad — so if the monitor has a colour screen , a colour screen is what you should get .
prices should refer to the pictures in the ad — so if the [watch] has a colour screen , a colour screen is what you should get .

The next thing to look at is the monitor .
the next thing to look at is the [watch] .

For most purposes a 14-inch monitor is fine .
for most purposes a 14-inch [watch] is fine .

To test the monitor , hold up a plain sheet of paper next to the screen .
to test the [watch] , hold up a plain sheet of paper next to the screen .

How well does the monitor work ? Does it flicker too much ? What 's the registration like ?
how well does the [watch] work ? does it flicker too much ? what 's the registration like ?

The case is a straight-forward vanilla-coloured desktop box , the monitor a no-nonsense 14-inch SuperVGA affair .
the case is a straight-forward vanilla-coloured desktop box , the [watch] a no-nonsense 14-inch supervga affair .

The SuperVGA monitor is fine — there are no annoying flickers or wiggles .
the supervga [watch] is fine — there are no annoying flickers or wiggles .

It has two vacant 8-bit slots , and the Tatung monitor is capable of 60Hz .
it has two vacant 8-bit slots , and the tatung [watch] is capable of 60hz .

But he revealed that details of a users and carers group to monitor implementation of community care would be forthcoming next month .
but he revealed that details of a users and carers group to [watch] implementation of community care would be forthcoming next month .

For example , after the burgh council stopped the Kilmarnock scheme Professor John Mansbridge of the University of Edinburgh continued to monitor the dental health of children in Kilmarnock and in the control community of Ayr .
for example , after the burgh council stopped the kilmarnock scheme professor john mansbridge of the university of edinburgh continued to [watch] the dental health of children in kilmarnock and in the control community of ayr .

Once a screening programme has been introduced , continued research is needed to monitor and improve screening performance .
once a screening programme has been introduced , continued research is needed to [watch] and improve screening performance .

Mechanisms could easily be incorporated to reduce the chance of name and ethnicity determining the likelihood of being shortlisted , as well as to monitor discrimination .
mechanisms could easily be incorporated to reduce the chance of name and ethnicity determining the likelihood of being shortlisted , as well as to [watch] discrimination .

Ethnic monitoring should also be standard personnel practice so that all districts and regions can monitor whether equal opportunity policies are actually being implemented .
ethnic monitoring should also be standard personnel practice so that all districts and regions can [watch] whether equal opportunity policies are actually being implemented .

How can the government monitor the programme , and even speed it up , if it does not know the simple facts about the number of hospitals affected ?
how can the government [watch] the programme , and even speed it up , if it does not know the simple facts about the number of hospitals affected ?

The aims of the new mental health task force , set up in January to monitor the mental health service modernisation programme ( p 000 ) , seem sensible , but if central data on the programme had been collected all along the team would not now have to go to the districts for information .
the aims of the new mental health task force , set up in january to [watch] the mental health service modernisation programme ( p 000 ) , seem sensible , but if central data on the programme had been collected all along the team would not now have to go to the districts for information .

Daily recording of diary cards of subjective and objective assessments of the severity of disease is commonly used to monitor chronic conditions , such as asthma , which exhibit an intrinsic variability .
daily recording of diary cards of subjective and objective assessments of the severity of disease is commonly used to [watch] chronic conditions , such as asthma , which exhibit an intrinsic variability .

It was not undertaken in 11 of those who had been subject to suffocation , five referred before the po 2 monitor was available , four patients > 1 year with infrequent events , two for whom social problems resulted in a prolonged hospital stay , and one who died before admission .
it was not undertaken in 11 of those who had been subject to suffocation , five referred before the po 2 [watch] was available , four patients > 1 year with infrequent events , two for whom social problems resulted in a prolonged hospital stay , and one who died before admission .

One occurred between referral and admission , one had recurrent cyanotic breath holding but the parents did not use the prescribed home po 2 monitor .
one occurred between referral and admission , one had recurrent cyanotic breath holding but the parents did not use the prescribed home po 2 [watch] .

There were also calls for better information systems to monitor conditions .
there were also calls for better information systems to [watch] conditions .

Nuclear industry employees who work in areas where exposure to radiation is possible are given film badges to monitor their exposure to external penetrating ionising radiation .
nuclear industry employees who work in areas where exposure to radiation is possible are given film badges to [watch] their exposure to external penetrating ionising radiation .

Employees who work in areas where exposure to ionising radiation is possible are issued with personal film badges or other dosimeters to monitor their exposure .
employees who work in areas where exposure to ionising radiation is possible are issued with personal film badges or other dosimeters to [watch] their exposure .

At all times it was possible to listen in on interviews and to monitor the interviewer 's work on a control screen .
at all times it was possible to listen in on interviews and to [watch] the interviewer 's work on a control screen .

Russian dissidents , like the nuclear scientist Andrei Sakharov , continued to be harassed and in Czechoslovakia leaders of the ‘ Charter 77 ’ group , set up to monitor human rights , were arrested in 1979 .
russian dissidents , like the nuclear scientist andrei sakharov , continued to be harassed and in czechoslovakia leaders of the ‘ charter 77 ’ group , set up to [watch] human rights , were arrested in 1979 .

Discourse is reciprocal when there is at least a potential for interaction , when the sender can monitor reception and adjust to it — or , to put it another way , where the receiver can influence the development of what is being said .
discourse is reciprocal when there is at least a potential for interaction , when the sender can [watch] reception and adjust to it — or , to put it another way , where the receiver can influence the development of what is being said .

The speaker must monitor what it is that he has just said , and determine whether it matches his intentions , while he is uttering his current phrase and monitoring that , and simultaneously planning his next utterance and fitting that into the overall pattern of what he wants to say and monitoring , moreover , not only his own performance but its reception by his hearer .
the speaker must [watch] what it is that he has just said , and determine whether it matches his intentions , while he is uttering his current phrase and monitoring that , and simultaneously planning his next utterance and fitting that into the overall pattern of what he wants to say and monitoring , moreover , not only his own performance but its reception by his hearer .

Whereas in a spoken interaction the speaker has the advantage of being able to monitor his listener 's minute-by-minute reaction to what he says , he also suffers from the disadvantage of exposing his own feelings ( 'leaking ' ; Ekman & Friesen , 1969 ) and of having to speak clearly and concisely and make immediate response to whichever way his interlocutor reacts .
whereas in a spoken interaction the speaker has the advantage of being able to [watch] his listener 's minute-by-minute reaction to what he says , he also suffers from the disadvantage of exposing his own feelings ( 'leaking ' ; ekman & friesen , 1969 ) and of having to speak clearly and concisely and make immediate response to whichever way his interlocutor reacts .

Switched through to the output monitor , the resulting composite picture shows the Dalek city model as the main picture ( Camera A's shot ) with a small , bottom-right inset , replacing the black area , of the Doctor 's group standing as though they were on a cliff ledge .
switched through to the output [watch] , the resulting composite picture shows the dalek city model as the main picture ( camera a's shot ) with a small , bottom-right inset , replacing the black area , of the doctor 's group standing as though they were on a cliff ledge .

This year Will and his team , under the supervision of Dr Jim Fowler , are fixing radio transmitters to the feathers of a number of individual birds to monitor behaviour by radio-tracking .
this year will and his team , under the supervision of dr jim fowler , are fixing radio transmitters to the feathers of a number of individual birds to [watch] behaviour by radio-tracking .

To cut a long story short , the discovery of the sixties was that you can measure a range of attitudes to each of a group of competing brands , and get a clear , coherent pattern of differences between them : what is more , you can repeat the process at intervals , and monitor changes in these attitudes .
to cut a long story short , the discovery of the sixties was that you can measure a range of attitudes to each of a group of competing brands , and get a clear , coherent pattern of differences between them : what is more , you can repeat the process at intervals , and [watch] changes in these attitudes .

Typical of these is the use of hidden cameras linked to some form of eye-scan monitor so that a reader left in a waiting room with a magazine can be watched , to see how the magazine is read and which bits of a particular page or ad are most carefully looked at .
typical of these is the use of hidden cameras linked to some form of eye-scan [watch] so that a reader left in a waiting room with a magazine can be watched , to see how the magazine is read and which bits of a particular page or ad are most carefully looked at .

Posters are far more difficult to monitor : in the past , agencies used to have their own teams of inspectors , but this is no longer done , and the only real check on the presence and condition of posters is a regular service run for the past 10 years by the Poster Advertising Bureau , which reports on the level of damage to posters , as a stimulus to the contractors to take care of their sites .
posters are far more difficult to [watch] : in the past , agencies used to have their own teams of inspectors , but this is no longer done , and the only real check on the presence and condition of posters is a regular service run for the past 10 years by the poster advertising bureau , which reports on the level of damage to posters , as a stimulus to the contractors to take care of their sites .

’ Up on the monitor screen came a list of the galaxies , their distance from the Galaxy and how fast they were moving .
’ up on the [watch] screen came a list of the galaxies , their distance from the galaxy and how fast they were moving .

Children — Care proceedings — Family proceedings court — Local authority seeking care order — Rehabilitation programme proposed — Guardian ad litem opposing rehabilitation — Whether power to include in care order direction for guardian ad litem to monitor rehabilitation — Whether order for no contact between parent and child appropriate — Children Act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 34(2)
children — care proceedings — family proceedings court — local authority seeking care order — rehabilitation programme proposed — guardian ad litem opposing rehabilitation — whether power to include in care order direction for guardian ad litem to [watch] rehabilitation — whether order for no contact between parent and child appropriate — children act 1989 ( c. 41 ) , s. 34(2)

That investigation had been initiated under rule 7.9 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Rules on the direction of the Chief Executive to the chief enforcement officer in the light of evidence that had come to Lautro 's attention suggesting that Norwich Union might have been in breach of various of the rules in failing adequately to monitor the business and operations of the Winchester Group and to ensure compliance with the Code of Conduct .
that investigation had been initiated under rule 7.9 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the rules on the direction of the chief executive to the chief enforcement officer in the light of evidence that had come to lautro 's attention suggesting that norwich union might have been in breach of various of the rules in failing adequately to [watch] the business and operations of the winchester group and to ensure compliance with the code of conduct .

Certainly few people in the West , even the intelligence agencies whose job it is to monitor such dissidence , had much idea of the latent forces that this choice in the wilderness represented in Iran itself .
certainly few people in the west , even the intelligence agencies whose job it is to [watch] such dissidence , had much idea of the latent forces that this choice in the wilderness represented in iran itself .

One of these was to ‘ plant ’ a seismic amplifier , a gadget that would monitor and transmit back to Earth precise details of lunar tremors .
one of these was to ‘ plant ’ a seismic amplifier , a gadget that would [watch] and transmit back to earth precise details of lunar tremors .

Agency new business increased in value and in the number of appointments in 1991 for the third consecutive year , according to the New Business Monitor compiled by Anthony Rau & Associates .
agency new business increased in value and in the number of appointments in 1991 for the third consecutive year , according to the new business [watch] compiled by anthony rau & associates .

The New Business Monitor recorded seven per cent fewer account change announcements in the fourth quarter , equivalent to 14 per cent less billing than the third quarter .
the new business [watch] recorded seven per cent fewer account change announcements in the fourth quarter , equivalent to 14 per cent less billing than the third quarter .

Residential care may be necessary not simply for the medical emergencies of starvation in anorexia or electrolyte imbalance in both anorexia arid bulimia but also to monitor adherence to the requirements of basic physical abstinence — This monitoring commonly may need to extend to patients initially being on `` locked bathroom `` status so that they may not use baths , basins or showers except under staff supervision , nor may they flush lavatories until after staff inspection .
residential care may be necessary not simply for the medical emergencies of starvation in anorexia or electrolyte imbalance in both anorexia arid bulimia but also to [watch] adherence to the requirements of basic physical abstinence — this monitoring commonly may need to extend to patients initially being on `` locked bathroom `` status so that they may not use baths , basins or showers except under staff supervision , nor may they flush lavatories until after staff inspection .

With all radio aids monitor your selected station call-sign continuously , make certain you have check the morse characteristics , and write them down .
with all radio aids [watch] your selected station call-sign continuously , make certain you have check the morse characteristics , and write them down .

Thereafter , however , the Secretary of State and the Welsh Office will have the duty to monitor such a scheme .
thereafter , however , the secretary of state and the welsh office will have the duty to [watch] such a scheme .

( a ) to monitor the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland ; and
( a ) to [watch] the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland ; and

New clause 5 proposes the establishment of a body , to be called the Scottish bus passengers ' consultative committee , to monitor the effects of the legislation on passengers and to make recommendations to bus operators and the Secretary of State .
new clause 5 proposes the establishment of a body , to be called the scottish bus passengers ' consultative committee , to [watch] the effects of the legislation on passengers and to make recommendations to bus operators and the secretary of state .

It refers to the duty being placed on the new committee , ( a ) to monitor the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland ; and , ( b ) to make recommendations to bus operators and the Secretary of State regarding the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland . ``
it refers to the duty being placed on the new committee , ( a ) to [watch] the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland ; and , ( b ) to make recommendations to bus operators and the secretary of state regarding the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland . ``

It is important to establish a committee to monitor these matters , because of what has happened since the deregulation of bus services in Scotland in 1985 .
it is important to establish a committee to [watch] these matters , because of what has happened since the deregulation of bus services in scotland in 1985 .

The new clause , to which the Hon. Member addressed himself particularly , provides that there should be a new body called the Scottish bus passengers consultative committee , whose job would be to monitor the effects of the Bill on bus passengers in Scotland . The committee would make recommendations to bus operators
the new clause , to which the hon. member addressed himself particularly , provides that there should be a new body called the scottish bus passengers consultative committee , whose job would be to [watch] the effects of the bill on bus passengers in scotland . the committee would make recommendations to bus operators

That decision is at odds with the fact that consumer organisations have been established to monitor larger privatised industries .
that decision is at odds with the fact that consumer organisations have been established to [watch] larger privatised industries .

9.50 : Rang Supplies Office to cancel enquiry about monitor shelf for new computer trolley .
9.50 : rang supplies office to cancel enquiry about [watch] shelf for new computer trolley .

The important point is to monitor pressure for cost reductions from all sources and to take such possibilities into account in strategic analysis .
the important point is to [watch] pressure for cost reductions from all sources and to take such possibilities into account in strategic analysis .

Belbin concluded that the ideal team would be composed of one Chairman ( or one Shaper ) , one Innovator , one Monitor Evaluator , and one or more Company Workers , Team Workers , Resource Investigators or Completers .
belbin concluded that the ideal team would be composed of one chairman ( or one shaper ) , one innovator , one [watch] evaluator , and one or more company workers , team workers , resource investigators or completers .

Control systems which monitor the organization 's activities and report on them , eg production output , sales revenue etc .
control systems which [watch] the organization 's activities and report on them , eg production output , sales revenue etc .

An example of a custom built chip might be one designed to monitor the pressure in some continuous process operation such as steelmaking or papermaking , where the processor would fit into a particular part of the host plant .
an example of a custom built chip might be one designed to [watch] the pressure in some continuous process operation such as steelmaking or papermaking , where the processor would fit into a particular part of the host plant .

How can we monitor advertising effectiveness ?
how can we [watch] advertising effectiveness ?

One of the growing practices in modern legislation is to set up supervisory bodies , or ‘ watchdogs ’ , to monitor the effects of the law in society .
one of the growing practices in modern legislation is to set up supervisory bodies , or ‘ watchdogs ’ , to [watch] the effects of the law in society .

Also , the equipment to monitor continuously and precisely pollutants at their source is in many instances not available .
also , the equipment to [watch] continuously and precisely pollutants at their source is in many instances not available .

The ability of a system to monitor its output and correct for mistakes .
the ability of a system to [watch] its output and correct for mistakes .

She walked across the semicircular pod bay towards the monitor station , sealed behind a transparent partition .
she walked across the semicircular pod bay towards the [watch] station , sealed behind a transparent partition .

Ace followed McBride into the monitor station .
ace followed mcbride into the [watch] station .

Bernice and the Doctor entered the monitor room in time to help Cheryl stretch Miles out on the floor next to an open medkit , while Bishop probed intently into the racks of recording systems .
bernice and the doctor entered the [watch] room in time to help cheryl stretch miles out on the floor next to an open medkit , while bishop probed intently into the racks of recording systems .

For some teachers , problems arose when they sought to reconcile this expectation with their simultaneous sense of obligation to monitor , diagnose , assess and interact at the level of the individual child .
for some teachers , problems arose when they sought to reconcile this expectation with their simultaneous sense of obligation to [watch] , diagnose , assess and interact at the level of the individual child .

We have recommended that the Authority continues to monitor reading standards across the city but that the screening function of its traditional tests be taken over by National Curriculum Assessment at the end of Key Stage One .
we have recommended that the authority continues to [watch] reading standards across the city but that the screening function of its traditional tests be taken over by national curriculum assessment at the end of key stage one .

The policy and resources committee would have subcommittees looking at finance , staffing and land , and one that would review and monitor spending programmes to see that they were achieving results economically — a performance and review subcommittee .
the policy and resources committee would have subcommittees looking at finance , staffing and land , and one that would review and [watch] spending programmes to see that they were achieving results economically — a performance and review subcommittee .

Their primary job is to measure local health needs and monitor the quality of the service .
their primary job is to measure local health needs and [watch] the quality of the service .

In the early 1980s , the Metropolitan police installed Divisional Information Officers to monitor the rise and fall of ‘ tension indicators ’ ( e.g .
in the early 1980s , the metropolitan police installed divisional information officers to [watch] the rise and fall of ‘ tension indicators ’ ( e.g .

There is a growing trend in the textile trade for designers to make use of computer-aided design , in order to explore a greater number of design ideas and to shorten lead times on production . The problem to date has been that the colours seen on the display monitor are difficult to reproduce accurately in the final dyed or printed product : what you see is not always what you get !
there is a growing trend in the textile trade for designers to make use of computer-aided design , in order to explore a greater number of design ideas and to shorten lead times on production . the problem to date has been that the colours seen on the display [watch] are difficult to reproduce accurately in the final dyed or printed product : what you see is not always what you get !

Accurate control over displayed colour is guaranteed by use of a state-of-the-art Barco ‘ calibrator ’ monitor .
accurate control over displayed colour is guaranteed by use of a state-of-the-art barco ‘ calibrator ’ [watch] .

The whole development cycle is streamlined when the programmer can visualise and monitor program execution .
the whole development cycle is streamlined when the programmer can visualise and [watch] program execution .

Such an increase gives him a feeling of career security ; his employer is pleased with his performance , he is unlikely to be made redundant , he decides there is no further need to monitor advertisements for opportunities for career advancement with rival firms and he feels he can now afford to enter the housing market and buy a flat .
such an increase gives him a feeling of career security ; his employer is pleased with his performance , he is unlikely to be made redundant , he decides there is no further need to [watch] advertisements for opportunities for career advancement with rival firms and he feels he can now afford to enter the housing market and buy a flat .

monitor the debtor 's personal situation
[watch] the debtor 's personal situation

’ It also intends to monitor local authorities ' progress in fostering provision by private companies and voluntary agencies .
’ it also intends to [watch] local authorities ' progress in fostering provision by private companies and voluntary agencies .

Currently , no professional body exists to monitor cleaning standards , but Sheila Peach and John Scott , directors of Chores Nationwide Cleaning Ltd , are keen to set one up .
currently , no professional body exists to [watch] cleaning standards , but sheila peach and john scott , directors of chores nationwide cleaning ltd , are keen to set one up .

It needs careful and knowledgeable underwriters to monitor and hopefully improve the capacity in future years .
it needs careful and knowledgeable underwriters to [watch] and hopefully improve the capacity in future years .

Monitor and control gas emissions from closed land-fill sites ( 6h )
[watch] and control gas emissions from closed land-fill sites ( 6h )

Monitor & reduce emissions from industrial premises ( 6i )
[watch] & reduce emissions from industrial premises ( 6i )

Allow three months to see if your symptoms improve and try keeping a diary to monitor your progress .
allow three months to see if your symptoms improve and try keeping a diary to [watch] your progress .

Experts agree that a varied diet is the key to great health , but it is also essential to monitor your fat intake .
experts agree that a varied diet is the key to great health , but it is also essential to [watch] your fat intake .

Our archaeological advisers suggested that we set up control points on the wreck-site and also on the beach opposite the site to monitor seabed and beach movements at regular intervals .
our archaeological advisers suggested that we set up control points on the wreck-site and also on the beach opposite the site to [watch] seabed and beach movements at regular intervals .

In 1901 many of the newly organized London borough councils appointed their own officials to monitor the trade and liaise with purists .
in 1901 many of the newly organized london borough councils appointed their own officials to [watch] the trade and liaise with purists .

At the same time , though , an organisation of teaching which is extremely difficult to monitor may result in desirable procedures and content disappearing by default .
at the same time , though , an organisation of teaching which is extremely difficult to [watch] may result in desirable procedures and content disappearing by default .

There seemed little if any concern for research into the description of linguistic interaction in the classroom — a particularly sad observation , as this is an area where teachers are well-equipped to find a base for research , and need to be able to monitor their own and others ' performance effectively .
there seemed little if any concern for research into the description of linguistic interaction in the classroom — a particularly sad observation , as this is an area where teachers are well-equipped to find a base for research , and need to be able to [watch] their own and others ' performance effectively .

The need continually to monitor one 's standards of attainment may be new to some teachers , but is an essential part of self- evaluation : community language teachers may not be ready for the responsibilities placed on them in terms of analysing pupils ' needs and progress , or in terms of raising the status of a language .
the need continually to [watch] one 's standards of attainment may be new to some teachers , but is an essential part of self- evaluation : community language teachers may not be ready for the responsibilities placed on them in terms of analysing pupils ' needs and progress , or in terms of raising the status of a language .

The four tutors on this team work closely together , meeting regularly to monitor school and college work .
the four tutors on this team work closely together , meeting regularly to [watch] school and college work .

It is questionable , however , whether continuity of quality and delivery were achieved in all cases due to the excessive dependency on outside subcontractors for the service , and the absence of full-time qualified trainers as salaried directors of study to monitor the performance of subcontractors .
it is questionable , however , whether continuity of quality and delivery were achieved in all cases due to the excessive dependency on outside subcontractors for the service , and the absence of full-time qualified trainers as salaried directors of study to [watch] the performance of subcontractors .

Field studies were also important for early efforts to monitor the environment , an area with which governments were increasingly concerned .
field studies were also important for early efforts to [watch] the environment , an area with which governments were increasingly concerned .

We have only to monitor him closely .
we have only to [watch] him closely .

‘ It was always the intention that we stay through the Darkfall and monitor the activity , ’ said Rohmer .
‘ it was always the intention that we stay through the darkfall and [watch] the activity , ’ said rohmer .

Eventually , in the middle of the afternoon , Golding arrived with his superior , Detective Superintendent Miller , and a squad of technicians , who began making intricate modifications to the telephone in order to monitor incoming calls .
eventually , in the middle of the afternoon , golding arrived with his superior , detective superintendent miller , and a squad of technicians , who began making intricate modifications to the telephone in order to [watch] incoming calls .

Very occasionally , too , we see the formation within an institution of an overarching committee to monitor and evaluate degree results and the examining process .
very occasionally , too , we see the formation within an institution of an overarching committee to [watch] and evaluate degree results and the examining process .

After about 20 minutes of use the average colour monitor has warmed up and stabilised and , at this point , Adobe suggest you adjust the colour balance so that it matches a progressive colour bar that you get from your printer .
after about 20 minutes of use the average colour [watch] has warmed up and stabilised and , at this point , adobe suggest you adjust the colour balance so that it matches a progressive colour bar that you get from your printer .

This shows the three basic primary colours ; cyan , magenta and yellow , together with their mixed combinations and can be compared with the colours displayed on the monitor .
this shows the three basic primary colours ; cyan , magenta and yellow , together with their mixed combinations and can be compared with the colours displayed on the [watch] .

The actual monitor controls are never altered , the adjustments are made with the standard colour wheel control of the Macintosh , but the end result should be a pretty close approximation .
the actual [watch] controls are never altered , the adjustments are made with the standard colour wheel control of the macintosh , but the end result should be a pretty close approximation .

Because of its graphical interface the Macintosh has always had a superb display system , an effect heightened by the use of a small ( 9″ ) monitor .
because of its graphical interface the macintosh has always had a superb display system , an effect heightened by the use of a small ( 9″ ) [watch] .

For example , a company makes consistent use of spreadsheets to keep costs under control and to monitor its performance against those of its competitors .
for example , a company makes consistent use of spreadsheets to keep costs under control and to [watch] its performance against those of its competitors .

Carzo and Yanouzas suggested that if work is organised on the basis of small groups or project teams ( therefore narrow spans of control and a tall organisation structure ) group members would be able to plan their work in an orderly manner , encourage participation by all group members in decision-making and monitor the consequences of their decisions better , so that their performance will be more efficient than the work of groups in a flat structure with a wide span of control .
carzo and yanouzas suggested that if work is organised on the basis of small groups or project teams ( therefore narrow spans of control and a tall organisation structure ) group members would be able to plan their work in an orderly manner , encourage participation by all group members in decision-making and [watch] the consequences of their decisions better , so that their performance will be more efficient than the work of groups in a flat structure with a wide span of control .

The market is constantly changing and management should monitor these changes and react to them .
the market is constantly changing and management should [watch] these changes and react to them .

Firstly , Lawrence , you do not use language when addressing a school monitor — remember that , will you .
firstly , lawrence , you do not use language when addressing a school [watch] — remember that , will you .

‘ Tch , ’ said the monitor .
‘ tch , ’ said the [watch] .

In order to ensure continuity of supplies and dispatch of finished goods afterwards , to monitor efficiencies , to provide funds , insurance , and financial services , a host of smaller businesses spring up which provide expertise and man-hours to maintain the giant .
in order to ensure continuity of supplies and dispatch of finished goods afterwards , to [watch] efficiencies , to provide funds , insurance , and financial services , a host of smaller businesses spring up which provide expertise and man-hours to maintain the giant .

When her first attempt to sustain a local nursing service failed , she decided that the first essential was a national organization to provide loans , train nurses , and monitor standards .
when her first attempt to sustain a local nursing service failed , she decided that the first essential was a national organization to provide loans , train nurses , and [watch] standards .

In 1919 a Secret Service committee of senior ministers was established to monitor its development and decide the delicate issues involved in fitting it into its democratic framework .
in 1919 a secret service committee of senior ministers was established to [watch] its development and decide the delicate issues involved in fitting it into its democratic framework .

He was educated at Ratoath National School , county Meath , and trained as a teaching monitor at the Central Model Schools of the Board of National Education , Marlborough Street , Dublin .
he was educated at ratoath national school , county meath , and trained as a teaching [watch] at the central model schools of the board of national education , marlborough street , dublin .

) Because accounting reports are used to monitor the allocation of resources in the economy , they should all be on the same basis .
) because accounting reports are used to [watch] the allocation of resources in the economy , they should all be on the same basis .

De Ploey , 1983 ) , by empirical investigations which monitor output in relation to input and use a relation similar to the Universal Soil Loss equation ; and factorial survey methods which Stocking ( 1980 ) visualizes as analysis and collation of the spatial pattern of all factors which relate to soil loss erosion .
de ploey , 1983 ) , by empirical investigations which [watch] output in relation to input and use a relation similar to the universal soil loss equation ; and factorial survey methods which stocking ( 1980 ) visualizes as analysis and collation of the spatial pattern of all factors which relate to soil loss erosion .

Regular print outs to monitor the situation change in format and name in late August from P11s to P13s .
regular print outs to [watch] the situation change in format and name in late august from p11s to p13s .

The tutor is able to monitor each student 's progress by the termly receipt of a copy of the latter 's programme , and the tutor also receives copies of any letters sent to his/her students from the registry , for example after examinations committee meetings .
the tutor is able to [watch] each student 's progress by the termly receipt of a copy of the latter 's programme , and the tutor also receives copies of any letters sent to his/her students from the registry , for example after examinations committee meetings .

They are able to monitor their progress closely and to relate effort and performance to accepted standards .
they are able to [watch] their progress closely and to relate effort and performance to accepted standards .

For registry staff to monitor effectively the accuracy and completeness of this operation requires detailed record-keeping and effortless access to data .
for registry staff to [watch] effectively the accuracy and completeness of this operation requires detailed record-keeping and effortless access to data .

There would be mechanisms to enable the Board to monitor the quality of service provided .
there would be mechanisms to enable the board to [watch] the quality of service provided .

The local authorities are expected to assess and identify the combination of services that best suits the needs and circumstances of an individual , and to monitor the quality of care provided and to review matters from time to time .
the local authorities are expected to assess and identify the combination of services that best suits the needs and circumstances of an individual , and to [watch] the quality of care provided and to review matters from time to time .

The trade associations would continue to monitor the situation , and , while they had so far funded the ‘ Do n't Tax Books ’ campaign ‘ from the petty cash ’ , ‘ we may need to launch an appeal fund in due course ’ , Mr Hitchin said .
the trade associations would continue to [watch] the situation , and , while they had so far funded the ‘ do n't tax books ’ campaign ‘ from the petty cash ’ , ‘ we may need to launch an appeal fund in due course ’ , mr hitchin said .

Monitor usefulness .
[watch] usefulness .

These councils would assess local needs , contribute to local service plans within the overall strategic plan and monitor local service provision .
these councils would assess local needs , contribute to local service plans within the overall strategic plan and [watch] local service provision .

The Council will continue to monitor buses deployed on its own contracted services to ensure that they conform to the standards laid down in its Conditions of Contract .
the council will continue to [watch] buses deployed on its own contracted services to ensure that they conform to the standards laid down in its conditions of contract .

Continue to monitor the performance of engineering solutions to determine their effectiveness and to promote continuing improvements to the pedestrian facilities provided .
continue to [watch] the performance of engineering solutions to determine their effectiveness and to promote continuing improvements to the pedestrian facilities provided .

For this reason , the report has recommended the setting up of new agencies to monitor government spending and environmental impact .
for this reason , the report has recommended the setting up of new agencies to [watch] government spending and environmental impact .

Guinness Brewing Worldwide 's technical teams work closely with the production teams who constantly monitor the products to ensure consistent quality .
guinness brewing worldwide 's technical teams work closely with the production teams who constantly [watch] the products to ensure consistent quality .

This team is structured to respond swiftly to changing market circumstances , to promote employee creativity and to monitor the effectiveness of our product and marketing strategies .
this team is structured to respond swiftly to changing market circumstances , to promote employee creativity and to [watch] the effectiveness of our product and marketing strategies .

The pact , signed at the end of a conference in the Finnish resort of Rovaniemi , calls for the creation of co-operative programmes to monitor pollution by oil , radiation , heavy metals , organic contaminants , acidification and noise .
the pact , signed at the end of a conference in the finnish resort of rovaniemi , calls for the creation of co-operative programmes to [watch] pollution by oil , radiation , heavy metals , organic contaminants , acidification and noise .

Clause 79 of the Control of Pollution Act permits councils to monitor any factory emitting smoke .
clause 79 of the control of pollution act permits councils to [watch] any factory emitting smoke .

The appeal committee report relates other gifts , including the unusual one of a free management consultancy report from the firm of Monitor .
the appeal committee report relates other gifts , including the unusual one of a free management consultancy report from the firm of [watch] .

The Monitor management consultancy
the [watch] management consultancy

Monitor ( Europe ) Ltd. , the rapidly expanding management consultancy established by Professor Michael Porter of the Harvard Business School , gave its services to Somerville .
[watch] ( europe ) ltd. , the rapidly expanding management consultancy established by professor michael porter of the harvard business school , gave its services to somerville .

Under the Environmental Protection Act , it will monitor emissions from 5,000 major industrial plants and carry out audits of waste regulation authorities .
under the environmental protection act , it will [watch] emissions from 5,000 major industrial plants and carry out audits of waste regulation authorities .

One of the features of the plan is a proposal to allow a foreign company to monitor the timber industry .
one of the features of the plan is a proposal to allow a foreign company to [watch] the timber industry .

The group questions whether the two weeks grace period — to monitor any drift-net tuna coming in — will be effective
the group questions whether the two weeks grace period — to [watch] any drift-net tuna coming in — will be effective

The method proved much cheaper than the conventional equipment currently used to monitor pollution levels , and is quick enough to allow recognition of pollution hotspots and the drawing up of weekly pollution maps .
the method proved much cheaper than the conventional equipment currently used to [watch] pollution levels , and is quick enough to allow recognition of pollution hotspots and the drawing up of weekly pollution maps .

It would be wise in this modern day and age , to set up a system within your office whereby you monitor every file , so that your daily work is not simply a question of responding to incoming post and phone calls , but also a task of initiating approaches to clients and to other firms and to estate agents .
it would be wise in this modern day and age , to set up a system within your office whereby you [watch] every file , so that your daily work is not simply a question of responding to incoming post and phone calls , but also a task of initiating approaches to clients and to other firms and to estate agents .

The therapeutic centre may be used typically to observe and monitor families which are not functioning well and to teach adequate parenting skills where these are lacking .
the therapeutic centre may be used typically to observe and [watch] families which are not functioning well and to teach adequate parenting skills where these are lacking .

Faecal samples from groups of horses should be examined at regular intervals to monitor drug efficiency .
faecal samples from groups of horses should be examined at regular intervals to [watch] drug efficiency .

Lindsey concentrated her gaze on the monitor screen she had flicked into life .
lindsey concentrated her gaze on the [watch] screen she had flicked into life .

Lindsey stared at the cardiograph , willing it to monitor a response .
lindsey stared at the cardiograph , willing it to [watch] a response .

The cost of the microcomputer system will vary according to the type of machine , size of memory , whether floppy or hard disks are used ; the quality of printer and monitor bought and the cost of software used on the microcomputer .
the cost of the microcomputer system will vary according to the type of machine , size of memory , whether floppy or hard disks are used ; the quality of printer and [watch] bought and the cost of software used on the microcomputer .

To this end they proposed that ‘ a small number of planning assessors should be appointed to give help and advice to local planning authorities and to monitor their performance by continual and informal contact ’ .
to this end they proposed that ‘ a small number of planning assessors should be appointed to give help and advice to local planning authorities and to [watch] their performance by continual and informal contact ’ .

For both these reasons the Bank of England will need to monitor and if necessary influence the level of bank deposits .
for both these reasons the bank of england will need to [watch] and if necessary influence the level of bank deposits .

There was a little parapet going round the arcade and it suddenly occurred to Owen that it might provide a vantage-point from which he could more pleasantly monitor proceedings .
there was a little parapet going round the arcade and it suddenly occurred to owen that it might provide a vantage-point from which he could more pleasantly [watch] proceedings .

When his chest was clear , she put on the pads for the heart monitor , frowning slightly as she did so at the feel of the chest wall under her hands .
when his chest was clear , she put on the pads for the heart [watch] , frowning slightly as she did so at the feel of the chest wall under her hands .

’ Their eyes met and tracked together to the heart monitor .
’ their eyes met and tracked together to the heart [watch] .

Their eyes flicked to the monitor .
their eyes flicked to the [watch] .

The monitor shrilled , Steve moaned , his mother gasped , and everybody leapt into action .
the [watch] shrilled , steve moaned , his mother gasped , and everybody leapt into action .

Once she had stripped off her top clothes she slapped the monitor pads on and connected up the leads .
once she had stripped off her top clothes she slapped the [watch] pads on and connected up the leads .

She glanced at the monitor .
she glanced at the [watch] .

Amy failed to monitor someone 's blood-pressure adequately and it was only because Kathleen bothered to check that a potentially life-threatening internal haemorrhage was detected in time .
amy failed to [watch] someone 's blood-pressure adequately and it was only because kathleen bothered to check that a potentially life-threatening internal haemorrhage was detected in time .

While Kathleen wired him up to a monitor and put in an intravenous line , Ben ran gentle fingers over the boy .
while kathleen wired him up to a [watch] and put in an intravenous line , ben ran gentle fingers over the boy .

They rushed him through to Resus , and got him going again , and while Kathleen put the monitor leads on Jack checked him for injuries and ordered X-rays .
they rushed him through to resus , and got him going again , and while kathleen put the [watch] leads on jack checked him for injuries and ordered x-rays .

Stunned , she gazed at the monitor .
stunned , she gazed at the [watch] .

Although the general distribution of earthquakes around the world had been known for many years , it was only with the establishment of a comprehensive network of seismographic stations to monitor underground nuclear weapons testing in the early 1960s that a detailed global picture emerged ( Fig .
although the general distribution of earthquakes around the world had been known for many years , it was only with the establishment of a comprehensive network of seismographic stations to [watch] underground nuclear weapons testing in the early 1960s that a detailed global picture emerged ( fig .

Management is increasingly concerned , particularly during economic recession , to be able to monitor the day-to-day performance of the organisation , such as cash-flow , and therefore they desire access to a range of operational figures .
management is increasingly concerned , particularly during economic recession , to be able to [watch] the day-to-day performance of the organisation , such as cash-flow , and therefore they desire access to a range of operational figures .

Following the buy-out , the bank will monitor its investment , examining monthly management accounts for compliance with the agreed financial covenants .
following the buy-out , the bank will [watch] its investment , examining monthly management accounts for compliance with the agreed financial covenants .

International satellite programme to monitor changes
international satellite programme to [watch] changes

The space agencies of the United States , Russia , Europe , Japan , China and Brazil have agreed to a joint programme which will use both existing and new satellites to monitor changes in the global environment .
the space agencies of the united states , russia , europe , japan , china and brazil have agreed to a joint programme which will use both existing and new satellites to [watch] changes in the global environment .

Brazil 's satellite to monitor rain forests
brazil 's satellite to [watch] rain forests

Contained in a weatherproof box and installed at a convention location underwater , the instrument , known as `` Cyclops `` , is programmed to monitor key parameters such as turbidity , temperature and acidity .
contained in a weatherproof box and installed at a convention location underwater , the instrument , known as `` cyclops `` , is programmed to [watch] key parameters such as turbidity , temperature and acidity .

They will monitor concentrations of nitrogen oxides , sulphur dioxide , carbon monoxide and low-level ozone , as well as airborne fine dust and hydrocarbons such as benzene .
they will [watch] concentrations of nitrogen oxides , sulphur dioxide , carbon monoxide and low-level ozone , as well as airborne fine dust and hydrocarbons such as benzene .

Priorities for further development include more sensitive hydrocarbon sensors , so that oil pollution can be spotted more quickly and eco-sounders able to monitor fish stocks directly .
priorities for further development include more sensitive hydrocarbon sensors , so that oil pollution can be spotted more quickly and eco-sounders able to [watch] fish stocks directly .

In an attempt to deter miners from returning , the airspace over the Yanomami reserve has been closed to private aircraft by the Brazilian air force and a radar system has been installed in Boa Vista , the state capital , to monitor violations .
in an attempt to deter miners from returning , the airspace over the yanomami reserve has been closed to private aircraft by the brazilian air force and a radar system has been installed in boa vista , the state capital , to [watch] violations .

Japanese airliners monitor atmosphere
japanese airliners [watch] atmosphere

Equipment to monitor pollution and climate change will be installed in the park .
equipment to [watch] pollution and climate change will be installed in the park .

The devices will allow national park staff to monitor rhino movements 24 hours a day .
the devices will allow national park staff to [watch] rhino movements 24 hours a day .

Indian satellite to monitor natural resources
indian satellite to [watch] natural resources

Compiled by the International Joint Commission , a specialist body established to monitor the Lakes , the report expresses particular concern about the dangers of cumulative exposure to PCBs among children . ``
compiled by the international joint commission , a specialist body established to [watch] the lakes , the report expresses particular concern about the dangers of cumulative exposure to pcbs among children . ``

Energy management systems are collections of equipment constructed from sensors , controllers , relays , actuators and other microprocessor-based products : they can be used to monitor conditions at particular points within a building ( or group of buildings ) and employed to regulate or reduce fuel consumption as required .
energy management systems are collections of equipment constructed from sensors , controllers , relays , actuators and other microprocessor-based products : they can be used to [watch] conditions at particular points within a building ( or group of buildings ) and employed to regulate or reduce fuel consumption as required .

And for women who work less than 16 hours per week ( as do the majority of women in West Belfast ) the legislation does not cover them ; there is no obligation to monitor those working under 16 hours per week !
and for women who work less than 16 hours per week ( as do the majority of women in west belfast ) the legislation does not cover them ; there is no obligation to [watch] those working under 16 hours per week !

Participants agreed that an agency which would inform people of these rights and would monitor the workings of the fair employment legislation was needed in West Belfast .
participants agreed that an agency which would inform people of these rights and would [watch] the workings of the fair employment legislation was needed in west belfast .

To monitor the impact of government economic and social policies and special employment and training measures on the people of West Belfast .
to [watch] the impact of government economic and social policies and special employment and training measures on the people of west belfast .

To monitor the impact of government economic and social policies , and of special employment and training measures on the people of West Belfast .
to [watch] the impact of government economic and social policies , and of special employment and training measures on the people of west belfast .

Following a day of workshops , discussion and contributions from the floor , the conference unanimously passed a resolution mandating the organisers to seek meetings with government and other interested parties to discuss the unemployment problem , and to monitor on an ongoing basis the impact of government economic and social policies .
following a day of workshops , discussion and contributions from the floor , the conference unanimously passed a resolution mandating the organisers to seek meetings with government and other interested parties to discuss the unemployment problem , and to [watch] on an ongoing basis the impact of government economic and social policies .

Instead , increased emphasis will be given to strengthening protection and management of Javan rhinos in Ujung Kulon National Park , including increased efforts to monitor the rhino population .
instead , increased emphasis will be given to strengthening protection and management of javan rhinos in ujung kulon national park , including increased efforts to [watch] the rhino population .

If children were egocentric , the capacity to sustain an effective dialogue would be impossible , for this requires the ability to switch speaker and listener roles constantly , to monitor the effects of one 's messages , and to modify them according to feedback received from the listener .
if children were egocentric , the capacity to sustain an effective dialogue would be impossible , for this requires the ability to switch speaker and listener roles constantly , to [watch] the effects of one 's messages , and to modify them according to feedback received from the listener .

The various explanations for communication failure that have been proposed — including not taking account of properties of the stimulus array , not asking questions , failing to perceive the role of the message , and having insufficient cognitive space to monitor the activity — seem to account for many of the experimental findings .
the various explanations for communication failure that have been proposed — including not taking account of properties of the stimulus array , not asking questions , failing to perceive the role of the message , and having insufficient cognitive space to [watch] the activity — seem to account for many of the experimental findings .

Is it that they lack the processing space to monitor the input effectively ?
is it that they lack the processing space to [watch] the input effectively ?

Non-government organisations monitor treaty performance and encourage participation in treaties to which they themselves can not adhere .
non-government organisations [watch] treaty performance and encourage participation in treaties to which they themselves can not adhere .

The policy of openness in international relations and the limiting of secret agreements300 enables States to monitor the performance of agreements to which they are not parties .
the policy of openness in international relations and the limiting of secret agreements300 enables states to [watch] the performance of agreements to which they are not parties .

However States are not expected to monitor the prior treaty commitments of their potential treaty parties to ensure that they are compatible .
however states are not expected to [watch] the prior treaty commitments of their potential treaty parties to ensure that they are compatible .

The speech was well received by the delegates and a motion was carried unanimously to send a fact-finding team to Zimbala in six months ' time to monitor the situation with a view to readmitting the country to the United Nations .
the speech was well received by the delegates and a motion was carried unanimously to send a fact-finding team to zimbala in six months ' time to [watch] the situation with a view to readmitting the country to the united nations .

Like most of the new fast chargers the Makita 15 minute charger uses a microprocessor to measure and monitor the level of charge in each battery , so it can be used on the range of Makita batteries 7.2 or 9.6 volt .
like most of the new fast chargers the makita 15 minute charger uses a microprocessor to measure and [watch] the level of charge in each battery , so it can be used on the range of makita batteries 7.2 or 9.6 volt .

Recently , experimental work has investigated the use of the programmed technique in what is now called computer-assisted learning , where the programmes are fed into the computer ; the machine can then , if the initial preparation has been thorough enough , monitor the responses of a great many students at a time , switching them to the appropriate branching sequence as their responses demonstrate the need .
recently , experimental work has investigated the use of the programmed technique in what is now called computer-assisted learning , where the programmes are fed into the computer ; the machine can then , if the initial preparation has been thorough enough , [watch] the responses of a great many students at a time , switching them to the appropriate branching sequence as their responses demonstrate the need .

The planning must then design the introductory and motivating unit ( the `` lead lesson `` , the `` starter pack `` , an introductory film , or whatever is the best agent for the particular purpose ) , a schedule of subsequent activity anticipating varieties of use and as many of the consequent hazards as can be foreseen , and the expected conclusion ; and at every stage it is important to be clear about intentions and objectives , learning points , and how it is proposed to monitor the continuing success of the work in achieving these objectives .
the planning must then design the introductory and motivating unit ( the `` lead lesson `` , the `` starter pack `` , an introductory film , or whatever is the best agent for the particular purpose ) , a schedule of subsequent activity anticipating varieties of use and as many of the consequent hazards as can be foreseen , and the expected conclusion ; and at every stage it is important to be clear about intentions and objectives , learning points , and how it is proposed to [watch] the continuing success of the work in achieving these objectives .

Japanese Christians monitor the military
japanese christians [watch] the military

Japan Militarism Monitor is a quarterly publication produced by the Center for Christian Response to Asian Issues .
japan militarism [watch] is a quarterly publication produced by the center for christian response to asian issues .

Two decades of censorship monitor
two decades of censorship [watch]

Uptown , additional space comes from the Monitor Building , which has been cleared of offices , and from the new ten-storey Tower , designed by Charles Gwathmey and Robert Siegel and raised on foundations laid by the museum 's architect Frank Lloyd Wright for just such a purpose .
uptown , additional space comes from the [watch] building , which has been cleared of offices , and from the new ten-storey tower , designed by charles gwathmey and robert siegel and raised on foundations laid by the museum 's architect frank lloyd wright for just such a purpose .

The Thannhauser Collection then spreads to a second level in the Monitor Building , where pastels and other works on paper by Degas and Toulouse-Lautrec will be shown .
the thannhauser collection then spreads to a second level in the [watch] building , where pastels and other works on paper by degas and toulouse-lautrec will be shown .

The upper floor of the Monitor Building , with its distinctive windows looking towards Central Park , will be reserved for sculpture .
the upper floor of the [watch] building , with its distinctive windows looking towards central park , will be reserved for sculpture .

But the attempt to assure us that directors are controlled by their shareholders must fail , for no matter how far the law goes in strengthening the powers conferred upon shareholders to monitor the managers of their company the reality is that where each shareholder only holds a tiny proportion of the share capital of the company none of the shareholders will avail themselves of the powers given to them to monitor the management .
but the attempt to assure us that directors are controlled by their shareholders must fail , for no matter how far the law goes in strengthening the powers conferred upon shareholders to [watch] the managers of their company the reality is that where each shareholder only holds a tiny proportion of the share capital of the company none of the shareholders will avail themselves of the powers given to them to [watch] the management .

Although each institutional investor may still only own a very small percentage of the issued share capital of the company , nevertheless , they have the requisite skills to monitor management effectively , and can act collectively to exert pressure on the managers of the company , thereby overcoming the problem that there is little incentive for the individual shareholder to spend the necessary time and money to inform himself of and perhaps challenge the actions of the directors as the managers of the company .
although each institutional investor may still only own a very small percentage of the issued share capital of the company , nevertheless , they have the requisite skills to [watch] management effectively , and can act collectively to exert pressure on the managers of the company , thereby overcoming the problem that there is little incentive for the individual shareholder to spend the necessary time and money to inform himself of and perhaps challenge the actions of the directors as the managers of the company .

Since it is not involved in the management of the company it is in a position to monitor and check the performance of the executives actually managing the company , to ensure that they act only in the interests of the shareholders .
since it is not involved in the management of the company it is in a position to [watch] and check the performance of the executives actually managing the company , to ensure that they act only in the interests of the shareholders .

The conclusion that must be drawn is that corporate management in the large public company are not controlled by the shareholders exercising the powers accorded to them by law to appoint , dismiss and monitor the directors of the company .
the conclusion that must be drawn is that corporate management in the large public company are not controlled by the shareholders exercising the powers accorded to them by law to appoint , dismiss and [watch] the directors of the company .

Who would monitor the management of financial institutions ?
who would [watch] the management of financial institutions ?

Equally , if the board of directors could be restructured so that it effectively monitored the executive managers of the company , who would monitor the board itself ?
equally , if the board of directors could be restructured so that it effectively monitored the executive managers of the company , who would [watch] the board itself ?

Clients are taught to initially monitor their self-statements in any chosen situation or task .
clients are taught to initially [watch] their self-statements in any chosen situation or task .

The Consorzio Venezia Nuova is also involved in the recently formed ‘ North-East Association ’ , set up to monitor and improve environmental , ecological and economic conditions in the Adriatic Sea .
the consorzio venezia nuova is also involved in the recently formed ‘ north-east association ’ , set up to [watch] and improve environmental , ecological and economic conditions in the adriatic sea .

However brilliant our modern technology may seem , the best way to care for the Taj is to monitor its behaviour , try to reduce pollution and develop a team of conservators and craftsmen who can care for the building , carrying out maintenance and repair where necessary but not to do anything that pretends to be final .
however brilliant our modern technology may seem , the best way to care for the taj is to [watch] its behaviour , try to reduce pollution and develop a team of conservators and craftsmen who can care for the building , carrying out maintenance and repair where necessary but not to do anything that pretends to be final .

In this instance it is very important for him to look at the monitor while talking and try to pretend that the interviewer is in the room with him .
in this instance it is very important for him to look at the [watch] while talking and try to pretend that the interviewer is in the room with him .

Moreover , it is difficult for anyone but the manager to have available all the information he or she has taken into account at the point of decision , and hence it is difficult to monitor the manager .
moreover , it is difficult for anyone but the manager to have available all the information he or she has taken into account at the point of decision , and hence it is difficult to [watch] the manager .

The manager will want to monitor employees ( because his pay or worth depends on it ) in an efficient way , creating incentives for operatives to supply effort by means of specific elements in the pay scheme .
the manager will want to [watch] employees ( because his pay or worth depends on it ) in an efficient way , creating incentives for operatives to supply effort by means of specific elements in the pay scheme .

For a long time the hardware available for handwriting recognition was such that the input would take place on a graphics tablet , while the visual feedback appeared on a monitor screen .
for a long time the hardware available for handwriting recognition was such that the input would take place on a graphics tablet , while the visual feedback appeared on a [watch] screen .

We also monitor the way this code works , and regularly consult with the Post Office Users ' National Council , whose views are taken into account in representing your interests .
we also [watch] the way this code works , and regularly consult with the post office users ' national council , whose views are taken into account in representing your interests .

Formal authority and status Interpersonal roles Figurehead Leader Liaison Information roles Monitor Disseminator Spokesperson Decision roles Entrepreneur Disturbance handler Resource allocator Negotiator Figure 1 . Managerial themes in primary nursing on Ward 5 West , Charing Cross Hospital
formal authority and status interpersonal roles figurehead leader liaison information roles [watch] disseminator spokesperson decision roles entrepreneur disturbance handler resource allocator negotiator figure 1 . managerial themes in primary nursing on ward 5 west , charing cross hospital

ICNs will , in the course of their regular visits , evaluate care and identify potential infection problems , and will monitor the implementation of area/regional and unit/district nursing and control of infection procedures , reporting to their senior nurse , bacteriologist and infection control committee .
icns will , in the course of their regular visits , evaluate care and identify potential infection problems , and will [watch] the implementation of area/regional and unit/district nursing and control of infection procedures , reporting to their senior nurse , bacteriologist and infection control committee .

The legislation 's main aim is to safeguard research and storage of embryos , but it is also attempting to monitor a complex set of issues .
the legislation 's main aim is to safeguard research and storage of embryos , but it is also attempting to [watch] a complex set of issues .

Successful companies inform employees at all levels about what skills and technologies are off-limits to the partner and monitor what the partner requests and receives .
successful companies inform employees at all levels about what skills and technologies are off-limits to the partner and [watch] what the partner requests and receives .

In the past we sought to monitor and control all the major variables in a business .
in the past we sought to [watch] and control all the major variables in a business .

Reception can monitor a room where a child has been left .
reception can [watch] a room where a child has been left .

The Problem Administrator ( a member of the Computer Group ) will monitor the progress of each problem to ensure that action is being taken .
the problem administrator ( a member of the computer group ) will [watch] the progress of each problem to ensure that action is being taken .

These controls could be put in place through legislation or indirectly through the expansion of tightly managed care plans that in turn monitor use of technology .
these controls could be put in place through legislation or indirectly through the expansion of tightly managed care plans that in turn [watch] use of technology .

This led us to monitor the implementation of the programme closely and to modify follow up protocols in the light of our experience .
this led us to [watch] the implementation of the programme closely and to modify follow up protocols in the light of our experience .

Experience of the families — It would be neither feasible nor desirable to intrude upon these families at frequent intervals to monitor their response to the emergent diagnosis of Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
experience of the families — it would be neither feasible nor desirable to intrude upon these families at frequent intervals to [watch] their response to the emergent diagnosis of duchenne muscular dystrophy .

To monitor their responses we have kept in close touch with each family 's health visitor .
to [watch] their responses we have kept in close touch with each family 's health visitor .

The number of occasions when prolonged treatment with aminoglycosides is required is small , but in these cases the risks of ototoxicity are high and the costs of failing to monitor for this disabling condition can be considerable .
the number of occasions when prolonged treatment with aminoglycosides is required is small , but in these cases the risks of ototoxicity are high and the costs of failing to [watch] for this disabling condition can be considerable .

Technical control arises from work processes which allow the manager to monitor and intervene in the labour process itself .
technical control arises from work processes which allow the manager to [watch] and intervene in the labour process itself .

Despite Department of Health guidelines family health services authorities do not insist general practitioners apply to their research ethics committee for approval , nor do they monitor research by independent contractors .
despite department of health guidelines family health services authorities do not insist general practitioners apply to their research ethics committee for approval , nor do they [watch] research by independent contractors .

The Change Coordinator will record the request in a Changes Log and will subsequently monitor the progress of the change .
the change coordinator will record the request in a changes log and will subsequently [watch] the progress of the change .

monitor the progress of the work using standard project control procedures .
[watch] the progress of the work using standard project control procedures .

Tracking Dates : a series of dates to monitor the progress of the Change Request as follows :
tracking dates : a series of dates to [watch] the progress of the change request as follows :

As for follow-through , & name will continue to run a small office at the corporation to monitor implementation of the commission 's proposals over the next two years .
as for follow-through , & name will continue to run a small office at the corporation to [watch] implementation of the commission 's proposals over the next two years .

However , in the future such rapid widespread dissemination of promising innovations will need to be accompanied by enhanced efforts to monitor intended behavioural outcomes and by testing of school projects in real life settings .
however , in the future such rapid widespread dissemination of promising innovations will need to be accompanied by enhanced efforts to [watch] intended behavioural outcomes and by testing of school projects in real life settings .

It is important that the national epidemiological project ( the phenylketonuria register ) should continue to monitor the screening programme and follow up adolescents and young adults , as well as women of fertile age and their offspring , so that long term outcome can be documented .
it is important that the national epidemiological project ( the phenylketonuria register ) should continue to [watch] the screening programme and follow up adolescents and young adults , as well as women of fertile age and their offspring , so that long term outcome can be documented .

We must ensure that they receive ample opportunities to improve their skills and monitor their progress .
we must ensure that they receive ample opportunities to improve their skills and [watch] their progress .

Monty , covered in cigarette-ash , continued to monitor my enthusiasm and general progress .
monty , covered in cigarette-ash , continued to [watch] my enthusiasm and general progress .

The medical staff , who carry out the surgery and monitor the patient 's medical progress before and after the operation , are headed by the consultant surgeon .
the medical staff , who carry out the surgery and [watch] the patient 's medical progress before and after the operation , are headed by the consultant surgeon .

Peter is also given an appointment with the dietician for advice and an appointment at the Outpatient clinic to enable the medical staff to monitor his progress .
peter is also given an appointment with the dietician for advice and an appointment at the outpatient clinic to enable the medical staff to [watch] his progress .

Assisting the anaesthetist to monitor the patient during anaesthetic and recovery to prevent complications to breathing and circulation .
assisting the anaesthetist to [watch] the patient during anaesthetic and recovery to prevent complications to breathing and circulation .

To monitor vital signs and measure the central venous pressure , half hourly at first .
to [watch] vital signs and measure the central venous pressure , half hourly at first .

It is necessary to monitor the type and rate of respirations post-operatively .
it is necessary to [watch] the type and rate of respirations post-operatively .

Monitor and record the vital signs , reducing the frequency as the patient 's conditions stabilizes .
[watch] and record the vital signs , reducing the frequency as the patient 's conditions stabilizes .

The stoma care nurse encouraged him not to avoid foods but to monitor their effect on the colostomy action .
the stoma care nurse encouraged him not to avoid foods but to [watch] their effect on the colostomy action .

6 Continue to monitor vital signs to detect changes in patient 's condition which would make surgery inadvisable .
6 continue to [watch] vital signs to detect changes in patient 's condition which would make surgery inadvisable .

3 Collect equipment to monitor vital signs and charts to record them on .
3 collect equipment to [watch] vital signs and charts to record them on .

5 Regulate and monitor infusion , record fluid intake and output .
5 regulate and [watch] infusion , record fluid intake and output .

2 Continue to monitor vital signs .
2 continue to [watch] vital signs .

Monitor bowel action — use commode or toilet when possible .
[watch] bowel action — use commode or toilet when possible .

Monitor pattern of sleep and try to provide undisturbed periods so that the patient can rest .
[watch] pattern of sleep and try to provide undisturbed periods so that the patient can rest .

Bibliographies should be encouraged in pupils ' work to be able to monitor the impact and effective use of the library .
bibliographies should be encouraged in pupils ' work to be able to [watch] the impact and effective use of the library .

It is also a reflection on the failure in many cases of the schools themselves to monitor the use made of project resources in the day-to-day business of teaching .
it is also a reflection on the failure in many cases of the schools themselves to [watch] the use made of project resources in the day-to-day business of teaching .

The Careers Services will monitor the employers ' job offers to ensure that they are suitable for the Compact .
the careers services will [watch] the employers ' job offers to ensure that they are suitable for the compact .

In all Compacts , the Partnership will also need to monitor the jobs on offer to ensure that they do provide `` added-value `` as a reward for rising standards .
in all compacts , the partnership will also need to [watch] the jobs on offer to ensure that they do provide `` added-value `` as a reward for rising standards .

The education authority should establish criteria which relate closely to Compact goals . For example : — How does the school monitor attendance and punctuality ? — What steps are taken to secure improvement in particular pupils ' attendance and punctuality ? — How successful are these measures ? — Does the school operate a record of achievement ? — Does the school operate a pastoral , or guidance and counselling system ? — What forms of certification are available to the students ? — What percentage of students achieve a graded result in English and Maths ?
the education authority should establish criteria which relate closely to compact goals . for example : — how does the school [watch] attendance and punctuality ? — what steps are taken to secure improvement in particular pupils ' attendance and punctuality ? — how successful are these measures ? — does the school operate a record of achievement ? — does the school operate a pastoral , or guidance and counselling system ? — what forms of certification are available to the students ? — what percentage of students achieve a graded result in english and maths ?

18 . Who will monitor the progress and success of the Compact ?
18 . who will [watch] the progress and success of the compact ?

Most people when confronted by that kind of thing pretend it is not happening , hide themselves behind newspapers , show an unwarranted fascination in reading advertisements , but these four watched the drunk man 's progress , they seemed to monitor it .
most people when confronted by that kind of thing pretend it is not happening , hide themselves behind newspapers , show an unwarranted fascination in reading advertisements , but these four watched the drunk man 's progress , they seemed to [watch] it .

In 1955 , Leonard Marnham , a virginal post office engineer from Dollis Hill , is recruited to help monitor Russian messages being intercepted from telephone lines that are being tapped in a specially constructed tunnel extending beneath East Berlin .
in 1955 , leonard marnham , a virginal post office engineer from dollis hill , is recruited to help [watch] russian messages being intercepted from telephone lines that are being tapped in a specially constructed tunnel extending beneath east berlin .

Its Monitor system , providing financial news to nearly 200,000 screens worldwide , has already ‘ democratised ’ the flow of information .
its [watch] system , providing financial news to nearly 200,000 screens worldwide , has already ‘ democratised ’ the flow of information .

The importance of systematic observation and empirical study is underlined by the additional need to monitor the changing characteristics of drug users , particularly the geographical areas and social groups in which new users appear , and the popularity of injection as a method of using heroin and other drugs .
the importance of systematic observation and empirical study is underlined by the additional need to [watch] the changing characteristics of drug users , particularly the geographical areas and social groups in which new users appear , and the popularity of injection as a method of using heroin and other drugs .

In practice , some States ( including the United Kingdom and the United States ) always return the documents through their Central Authorities because it enables them to monitor the implementation of the Convention .
in practice , some states ( including the united kingdom and the united states ) always return the documents through their central authorities because it enables them to [watch] the implementation of the convention .

Clearly this is an attempt to impose a national screening and surveillance programme to monitor the health of older people .
clearly this is an attempt to impose a national screening and surveillance programme to [watch] the health of older people .

Expansion of fundholding would not allow for representation of other professional and lay groups in the purchasing process , and would be difficult for family health services authorities to monitor and manage .
expansion of fundholding would not allow for representation of other professional and lay groups in the purchasing process , and would be difficult for family health services authorities to [watch] and manage .

Editor , — Robert Tattersall asks , ‘ Should people with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus monitor their blood glucose concentrations ?
editor , — robert tattersall asks , ‘ should people with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus [watch] their blood glucose concentrations ?

Several studies of self monitoring in non-insulin dependent diabetes have now been carried out , but no difference has been found in glycaemic control between those who monitor their blood glucose concentrations and those who do not .
several studies of self monitoring in non-insulin dependent diabetes have now been carried out , but no difference has been found in glycaemic control between those who [watch] their blood glucose concentrations and those who do not .

The Occupational Pensions Board , which was set up under the 1973 Social Security Act to monitor and establish minimum standards for private occupational pension schemes , was asked to consider the question of equal status for men and women in occupational pension schemes in 1975 .
the occupational pensions board , which was set up under the 1973 social security act to [watch] and establish minimum standards for private occupational pension schemes , was asked to consider the question of equal status for men and women in occupational pension schemes in 1975 .

It remains to be seen whether such an arrangement will be beneficial to book provision or not , but the government has promised to monitor very closely the spending of these monies in schools and the associated reports on the implementation of the curriculum .
it remains to be seen whether such an arrangement will be beneficial to book provision or not , but the government has promised to [watch] very closely the spending of these monies in schools and the associated reports on the implementation of the curriculum .

Company chairman John Collier says in a letter to Greenpeace that special measures are being introduced to monitor the state of the tubes but there is no intention to replace the reactor head .
company chairman john collier says in a letter to greenpeace that special measures are being introduced to [watch] the state of the tubes but there is no intention to replace the reactor head .

The sponsorship came about through Hunterston health physics monitor Bernie Andrews who is a registered amateur football referee .
the sponsorship came about through hunterston health physics [watch] bernie andrews who is a registered amateur football referee .

Health physics monitor Steven Crozier , a fitness enthusiast who was one of the group who visited Peel Park to collect the 1993 award , tried out the new multi-gym and pronounced it a real asset ( below ) .
health physics [watch] steven crozier , a fitness enthusiast who was one of the group who visited peel park to collect the 1993 award , tried out the new multi-gym and pronounced it a real asset ( below ) .

‘ The Geophysical Observatory in Port Moresby have over the years provided us with very useful earthquake data and are helping us monitor the after shocks which are sill being felt in the Tari area . ’
‘ the geophysical observatory in port moresby have over the years provided us with very useful earthquake data and are helping us [watch] the after shocks which are sill being felt in the tari area . ’

Work , at this level , becomes greatly affected by the new type of vertical integration which demands that knowledge workers manage or monitor their own activity to a much greater extent .
work , at this level , becomes greatly affected by the new type of vertical integration which demands that knowledge workers manage or [watch] their own activity to a much greater extent .

monitor compliance with existing regulations to ensure consistency of application across the Group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .
[watch] compliance with existing regulations to ensure consistency of application across the group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .

He will advise management on such issues , and maintain the Environmental Department in order to monitor and record compliance with the Group 's Environmental policy objectives .
he will advise management on such issues , and maintain the environmental department in order to [watch] and record compliance with the group 's environmental policy objectives .

It is therefore our aim to monitor and eliminate/render harmless all emissions thus minimising the impact on the environment .
it is therefore our aim to [watch] and eliminate/render harmless all emissions thus minimising the impact on the environment .

Subsequent meetings in Scotland , Ireland and Portugal will monitor the progress of the project .
subsequent meetings in scotland , ireland and portugal will [watch] the progress of the project .

Our new computer system is intended to monitor course registrations , but more students have registered than were represented on the computer printout .
our new computer system is intended to [watch] course registrations , but more students have registered than were represented on the computer printout .

The centre has implemented systems and procedures to monitor and evaluate the quality of all provision offered and has adopted effective strategies to promote the maintenance of consistent standards in all awards offered .
the centre has implemented systems and procedures to [watch] and evaluate the quality of all provision offered and has adopted effective strategies to promote the maintenance of consistent standards in all awards offered .

In most cases after the cause of movement has been established and a course of action has been decided upon , such as drain repairs , tree removal , etc , it will be necessary to monitor the property to see whether the movement is progressive or whether the property will stabilise without the need for major repairs such as underpinning .
in most cases after the cause of movement has been established and a course of action has been decided upon , such as drain repairs , tree removal , etc , it will be necessary to [watch] the property to see whether the movement is progressive or whether the property will stabilise without the need for major repairs such as underpinning .

Branches should also be familiar with Helpline 's Traders List for their own geographical area and continue to monitor the costs and standard of services provided .
branches should also be familiar with helpline 's traders list for their own geographical area and continue to [watch] the costs and standard of services provided .

One particular aspect is the need which has been suggested for there to be a named actuary for each scheme available to monitor the finances of the scheme on a regular basis .
one particular aspect is the need which has been suggested for there to be a named actuary for each scheme available to [watch] the finances of the scheme on a regular basis .

Several schools mentioned that they were presently involved in carrying out an audit of health education to monitor provision and delivery .
several schools mentioned that they were presently involved in carrying out an audit of health education to [watch] provision and delivery .

In your situation , as both employees work in the kitchen , it might be possible to monitor the situation , eg checking on stock after each shift , etc .
in your situation , as both employees work in the kitchen , it might be possible to [watch] the situation , eg checking on stock after each shift , etc .

This project , undertaken by the Library , aims to develop the information seeking skills of students and monitor their transference to the workplace .
this project , undertaken by the library , aims to develop the information seeking skills of students and [watch] their transference to the workplace .

Although it is a parent 's or guardian 's statutory responsibility to ensure children 's regular attendance at school , schools generally see it as their responsibility to monitor attendance , to seek explanation from parents for pupils ' non-attendance and to ensure that once pupils come to school they attend their classes .
although it is a parent 's or guardian 's statutory responsibility to ensure children 's regular attendance at school , schools generally see it as their responsibility to [watch] attendance , to seek explanation from parents for pupils ' non-attendance and to ensure that once pupils come to school they attend their classes .

These were typically smaller schools where period attendance was seen as easy to monitor informally .
these were typically smaller schools where period attendance was seen as easy to [watch] informally .

For an initial period ( usually up to 12 months but up to 2 years for some people ) , your line manager will closely monitor your progress .
for an initial period ( usually up to 12 months but up to 2 years for some people ) , your line manager will closely [watch] your progress .

We actively monitor sickness absence levels and record the amount of time that people are unable to come to work .
we actively [watch] sickness absence levels and record the amount of time that people are unable to come to work .

With an enlarged marina , the Regional Council would continue to monitor boat movements in and out of Port Edgar and endeavour to educate boat owners in the safe use of their yachts .
with an enlarged marina , the regional council would continue to [watch] boat movements in and out of port edgar and endeavour to educate boat owners in the safe use of their yachts .

one monitor panel to be sited in room 108 where previously indicated by Nancy Brown to Bob Inglis , ie on the inside corridor wall of room 108 , above the door ;
one [watch] panel to be sited in room 108 where previously indicated by nancy brown to bob inglis , ie on the inside corridor wall of room 108 , above the door ;

It has been suggested therefore that the monitor panel might be sited on the pillar between the two windows so that it is in the line of vision of staff .
it has been suggested therefore that the [watch] panel might be sited on the pillar between the two windows so that it is in the line of vision of staff .

Unknown to the androids , it had the ability to monitor their life functions and activities .
unknown to the androids , it had the ability to [watch] their life functions and activities .

The vidscreen monitor on his desk was alive and chattering with images .
the vidscreen [watch] on his desk was alive and chattering with images .

Before his eyes was the ‘ Vehicle Condition Monitor ’ , a dot-matrix display that gave warning of any problem from handbrake on to brake failure .
before his eyes was the ‘ vehicle condition [watch] ’ , a dot-matrix display that gave warning of any problem from handbrake on to brake failure .

‘ Squeezer ’ Lemon was in attendance , probably to monitor the consumption of Moët et Chandon Vintage 1978 .
‘ squeezer ’ lemon was in attendance , probably to [watch] the consumption of moët et chandon vintage 1978 .

They often appoint high-status officials to monitor the spending and accounts of operating agencies ( Self 1985 , p. 68 ) .
they often appoint high-status officials to [watch] the spending and accounts of operating agencies ( self 1985 , p. 68 ) .

The following parameters were used to monitor disease severity .
the following parameters were used to [watch] disease severity .

Ten rats from each diet group were placed in individual metabolic cages to monitor their daily food intake and body weight gain .
ten rats from each diet group were placed in individual metabolic cages to [watch] their daily food intake and body weight gain .

The front runner has long seemed to be head injury , in which a microdialysis probe might readily accompany a pressure monitor and provide a guide to metabolic state .
the front runner has long seemed to be head injury , in which a microdialysis probe might readily accompany a pressure [watch] and provide a guide to metabolic state .

Local government , then , is better informed and easier to monitor than are national bureaucracies established to provide particular services .
local government , then , is better informed and easier to [watch] than are national bureaucracies established to provide particular services .

The terminal , known as the operator terminal , which the operator will use to monitor the offline run and to indicate success or failure of requests to mount or dismount the appropriate offline media items .
the terminal , known as the operator terminal , which the operator will use to [watch] the offline run and to indicate success or failure of requests to mount or dismount the appropriate offline media items .

You can monitor the progress of approvals by using options 1.5.4 , 1.5.5 or 1.5.6 .
you can [watch] the progress of approvals by using options 1.5.4 , 1.5.5 or 1.5.6 .

You can monitor the progress of approvals by using options 1.5.4 , 1.5.5 or 1.5.6 .
you can [watch] the progress of approvals by using options 1.5.4 , 1.5.5 or 1.5.6 .

He envisages any show as a complete theatrical entity-staging , set design , choreography ; he 'll map out the whole show , then monitor it bar by bar — police it .
he envisages any show as a complete theatrical entity-staging , set design , choreography ; he 'll map out the whole show , then [watch] it bar by bar — police it .

We will monitor the further developments and pronouncements of the several bodies presently addressing the subjects of corporate governance and accounting standards .
we will [watch] the further developments and pronouncements of the several bodies presently addressing the subjects of corporate governance and accounting standards .

The main reasons are that putting a plan on paper helps an organization to decide what it wants to achieve , to communicate its ideas to others and to monitor future Performance .
the main reasons are that putting a plan on paper helps an organization to decide what it wants to achieve , to communicate its ideas to others and to [watch] future performance .

Once a project has been approved controls should be established to monitor its progress , quality and costs . This usually involves detailed programming of the project
once a project has been approved controls should be established to [watch] its progress , quality and costs . this usually involves detailed programming of the project

Essentially the engineer 's role is to monitor and supervise the construction and to ensure that the works are completed to time , cost and colour .
essentially the engineer 's role is to [watch] and supervise the construction and to ensure that the works are completed to time , cost and colour .

The main contractor will also have to make proper arrangements for control of operations on site , to monitor the quality of subcontracted work and to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements .
the main contractor will also have to make proper arrangements for control of operations on site , to [watch] the quality of subcontracted work and to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements .

These are important questions for people who want to monitor the amount of alcohol they consume on a regular basis and perhaps replace their standard consumption with products that are reduced in alcohol .
these are important questions for people who want to [watch] the amount of alcohol they consume on a regular basis and perhaps replace their standard consumption with products that are reduced in alcohol .

An interstate council was to be established to monitor relations between the states and central government .
an interstate council was to be established to [watch] relations between the states and central government .

This allows you to monitor the work very carefully and help a group with a task that they might find very difficult if unsupervised .
this allows you to [watch] the work very carefully and help a group with a task that they might find very difficult if unsupervised .

When the inhabitants of a country were nomadic they had to be tied down in order to ensure that the land was properly exploited , but because in Russia they were predominantly sedentary state institutions could monitor their activity .
when the inhabitants of a country were nomadic they had to be tied down in order to ensure that the land was properly exploited , but because in russia they were predominantly sedentary state institutions could [watch] their activity .

Whilst boards of directors may delegate the day to day conduct of an offer to individual directors or committees of directors , the board as a whole must ensure that proper arrangements are in place to enable it to monitor that conduct in order that each director may fulfil that responsibility .
whilst boards of directors may delegate the day to day conduct of an offer to individual directors or committees of directors , the board as a whole must ensure that proper arrangements are in place to enable it to [watch] that conduct in order that each director may fulfil that responsibility .

The manager should monitor progress on the incoming enquiries .
the manager should [watch] progress on the incoming enquiries .

This could involve periodic visits to monitor progress ( depending on size/complexity of the work ) .
this could involve periodic visits to [watch] progress ( depending on size/complexity of the work ) .

The research includes analysis of unpublished data from the Winchester Bishopric Pipe Rolls , enabling historians to closely monitor prices and wages , as well as yields of grain and other commodities up to 1550 .
the research includes analysis of unpublished data from the winchester bishopric pipe rolls , enabling historians to closely [watch] prices and wages , as well as yields of grain and other commodities up to 1550 .

The objectives of the research are to evaluate marketing and technological strategies and to monitor over time the dynamics of competitive rivalry and collaboration .
the objectives of the research are to evaluate marketing and technological strategies and to [watch] over time the dynamics of competitive rivalry and collaboration .

The microeconomic imperfections which are given special attention are imperfect information ( eg firms ' inability to monitor accurately the productivities of their employees ) , imperfect competition ( eg collective bargaining ) , and various transactions costs ( eg the costs of hiring , training , and firing employees ) .
the microeconomic imperfections which are given special attention are imperfect information ( eg firms ' inability to [watch] accurately the productivities of their employees ) , imperfect competition ( eg collective bargaining ) , and various transactions costs ( eg the costs of hiring , training , and firing employees ) .

The major objective will be to monitor these innovations and to attempt to evaluate their effects .
the major objective will be to [watch] these innovations and to attempt to evaluate their effects .

Tied in with this , the Centre is carrying out work funded by the DoE to monitor and evaluate trends in housing management in both local authorities and housing associations in an attempt to assess the cost-effectiveness of management practices and identify ‘ good practice ’ .
tied in with this , the centre is carrying out work funded by the doe to [watch] and evaluate trends in housing management in both local authorities and housing associations in an attempt to assess the cost-effectiveness of management practices and identify ‘ good practice ’ .

This project will monitor the development of contracting between three Age Concern Groups and both their local Social Service Department and Health Authorities over a period of three years , with special attention to the effects of the new ‘ contracting culture ’ on
this project will [watch] the development of contracting between three age concern groups and both their local social service department and health authorities over a period of three years , with special attention to the effects of the new ‘ contracting culture ’ on

The research aims to monitor the law on illegitimacy in the light of the provisions which are to supercede it under the Family Law Reform Act 1987 .
the research aims to [watch] the law on illegitimacy in the light of the provisions which are to supercede it under the family law reform act 1987 .

to explore how courts apply the duty imposed by the Child Care Act 1980 to give the child 's welfare first and paramount consideration ; 2. to examine the practices in use for providing magistrates with impartial information ; 3. to discover whether parents ' solicitors experience difficulties in getting background history of cases from Social Services Departments ; 4. to judge whether parents at are a disadvantage in court ; 5. to monitor how solicitors conduct their cases , and how they emply the various possible lines of argument of the Code of Practice on Access ; 6. to discuss the underlying attitudes of the magistrates and social workers towards access to children in care , the reasons for their viewpoints and whether the publication of the Code caused them to change any of their positions .
to explore how courts apply the duty imposed by the child care act 1980 to give the child 's welfare first and paramount consideration ; 2. to examine the practices in use for providing magistrates with impartial information ; 3. to discover whether parents ' solicitors experience difficulties in getting background history of cases from social services departments ; 4. to judge whether parents at are a disadvantage in court ; 5. to [watch] how solicitors conduct their cases , and how they emply the various possible lines of argument of the code of practice on access ; 6. to discuss the underlying attitudes of the magistrates and social workers towards access to children in care , the reasons for their viewpoints and whether the publication of the code caused them to change any of their positions .

The study will monitor how far Down 's Syndrome adults begin to move away from their natural families for residential and social purposes .
the study will [watch] how far down 's syndrome adults begin to move away from their natural families for residential and social purposes .

As a result of the Pilot Study , it was decided to proceed with a seven day diary rather than a one day diary , but that a methodological component should be built into the Survey to monitor the quality of the data .
as a result of the pilot study , it was decided to proceed with a seven day diary rather than a one day diary , but that a methodological component should be built into the survey to [watch] the quality of the data .

The researchers discuss and monitor the teaching and are present during those lessons when the formalisation is expected to take place . Six children in each class are interviewed on four occasions , before the teaching of the topic , immediately before and after the formalisation lesson
the researchers discuss and [watch] the teaching and are present during those lessons when the formalisation is expected to take place . six children in each class are interviewed on four occasions , before the teaching of the topic , immediately before and after the formalisation lesson

The third objective will be to monitor the success of a sample of PhD students taking part in either : —
the third objective will be to [watch] the success of a sample of phd students taking part in either : —

Using sophisticated surveillance equipment they are able to monitor the movements of terrorist suspects within a wide radius — from a bird 's eye point of view .
using sophisticated surveillance equipment they are able to [watch] the movements of terrorist suspects within a wide radius — from a bird 's eye point of view .

Gardai monitor island dispute
gardai [watch] island dispute

To prevent a repetition of the vandalism , surveillance cameras and other security measures have been installed to monitor the 9ft statue .
to prevent a repetition of the vandalism , surveillance cameras and other security measures have been installed to [watch] the 9ft statue .

It is intended to monitor the economic relations between these Republics collectively or singly to provide a basis for future studies in greater depth .
it is intended to [watch] the economic relations between these republics collectively or singly to provide a basis for future studies in greater depth .

The researchers will survey consultative arrangements nationally and will monitor advice offered from the centre by means of Home Office circulars , Inspectorate of Constabulary comments , local authority association working parties etc .
the researchers will survey consultative arrangements nationally and will [watch] advice offered from the centre by means of home office circulars , inspectorate of constabulary comments , local authority association working parties etc .

3. monitor and respond to anti-vivisection propaganda , provide information to the media about the use of animals in research and train speakers to take part in debates , discussion programmes , interviews , etc .
3. [watch] and respond to anti-vivisection propaganda , provide information to the media about the use of animals in research and train speakers to take part in debates , discussion programmes , interviews , etc .

5. monitor and , where appropriate , seek to influence any proposals to vary relevant legislation , codes of practice , etc likely to impede biomedical research .
5. [watch] and , where appropriate , seek to influence any proposals to vary relevant legislation , codes of practice , etc likely to impede biomedical research .

Establish regular routine visits to all users to monitor system performance , undertake regular routine machine cleaning , and establish a dialogue with users on user support provision .
establish regular routine visits to all users to [watch] system performance , undertake regular routine machine cleaning , and establish a dialogue with users on user support provision .

Liaise with Stationery on the fulfilment of consumables requests , jointly monitor issues , and advise on stock levels and suppliers .
liaise with stationery on the fulfilment of consumables requests , jointly [watch] issues , and advise on stock levels and suppliers .

Group to issue a reminder to staff that project-funded computing equipment still requires Group approval , in view of the needs to maintain compatibility , and to monitor support and consumable costs .
group to issue a reminder to staff that project-funded computing equipment still requires group approval , in view of the needs to maintain compatibility , and to [watch] support and consumable costs .

Engraving machine — monitor fault reported .
engraving machine — [watch] fault reported .

Clean monitor screens and casing .
clean [watch] screens and casing .

We can use guide-lines on information policies to set priorities , choose appropriate technologies , manage our resources efficiently , and monitor their operations .
we can use guide-lines on information policies to set priorities , choose appropriate technologies , manage our resources efficiently , and [watch] their operations .

The Computer Consultative Group could serve as the model for this committee , which would oversee current activities in this field , suggest new developments and initiatives to Management , and monitor their introduction .
the computer consultative group could serve as the model for this committee , which would oversee current activities in this field , suggest new developments and initiatives to management , and [watch] their introduction .

We must monitor the timeliness of response by devising appropriate methods for logging and monitoring written requests , telephoned requests , and requests made in person .
we must [watch] the timeliness of response by devising appropriate methods for logging and monitoring written requests , telephoned requests , and requests made in person .

The basis of the new method is to monitor the system 's ration and , as each step is completed , determine the load torque .
the basis of the new method is to [watch] the system 's ration and , as each step is completed , determine the load torque .

Tomorrow the need might be to monitor and assess the success of a new approach to solving absenteeism and lateness .
tomorrow the need might be to [watch] and assess the success of a new approach to solving absenteeism and lateness .

( iii ) Planning systems use the computer to analyse trends , set and monitor budgets , try different approaches to future needs .
( iii ) planning systems use the computer to analyse trends , set and [watch] budgets , try different approaches to future needs .

Avoid costly overkill schemes Try out different approaches and monitor effect Implement most cost effective solution Reduce cost of lateness and absence Implement Government requirements ( v ) Improve company image in market place .
avoid costly overkill schemes try out different approaches and [watch] effect implement most cost effective solution reduce cost of lateness and absence implement government requirements ( v ) improve company image in market place .

It is the output from the management information system to which we now wish to turn , with particular reference to how we use it to control and monitor manpower levels .
it is the output from the management information system to which we now wish to turn , with particular reference to how we use it to control and [watch] manpower levels .

The development of the Group was obviously going to depend upon the capacity of management to monitor current , not historical , trends .
the development of the group was obviously going to depend upon the capacity of management to [watch] current , not historical , trends .

Of course it can also be used in a network environment to monitor disc usage of each user .
of course it can also be used in a network environment to [watch] disc usage of each user .

If the keyboard is right , and the monitor is right , then the two items that you need the most suit the way you work , which makes for a lot less hassle in the long run .
if the keyboard is right , and the [watch] is right , then the two items that you need the most suit the way you work , which makes for a lot less hassle in the long run .

Plug in the monitor , keyboard and mains power cables and switch on .
plug in the [watch] , keyboard and mains power cables and switch on .

Firstly , it has no mechanical connection with the monitor or your printer and thus the hard copy .
firstly , it has no mechanical connection with the [watch] or your printer and thus the hard copy .

The monitor allows you to see the contents of the memory in a form that you can understand i.e .
the [watch] allows you to see the contents of the memory in a form that you can understand i.e .

’ This totally over the top utility which is ostensibly designed to prevent phosphor burns on your monitor stars digitised pics of all your favourite Star Trek crew members , animations and classic digitised quotes like Bones McCoy 's ‘ He 's dead , Jim ’ or Spock 's totally logical ‘ Fascinating !
’ this totally over the top utility which is ostensibly designed to prevent phosphor burns on your [watch] stars digitised pics of all your favourite star trek crew members , animations and classic digitised quotes like bones mccoy 's ‘ he 's dead , jim ’ or spock 's totally logical ‘ fascinating !

When you get a lock-on , just fire the weapon and watch the scanning monitor broadcast a picture from the camera in the nose of the torpedo .
when you get a lock-on , just fire the weapon and watch the scanning [watch] broadcast a picture from the camera in the nose of the torpedo .

Once installed FAXgrabber can be configured to monitor fax activity automatically and to convert everything to text as soon as it arrives .
once installed faxgrabber can be configured to [watch] fax activity automatically and to convert everything to text as soon as it arrives .

Meanwhile , the Swedes claim to have discovered a cure for the sore eyes caused by staring at a screen all day which does n't involve putting any kind of filter or screen over the monitor .
meanwhile , the swedes claim to have discovered a cure for the sore eyes caused by staring at a screen all day which does n't involve putting any kind of filter or screen over the [watch] .

Screensafe comes with two earth conductors one to be attached to the computer monitor , the other to the keyboard .
screensafe comes with two earth conductors one to be attached to the computer [watch] , the other to the keyboard .

By wiping the screen with a special tissue every couple of months the electrostatic field that builds up on a monitor screen can be discharged .
by wiping the screen with a special tissue every couple of months the electrostatic field that builds up on a [watch] screen can be discharged .

In its Windows incarnation it 's also possible to monitor exactly what 's going on your hard disk using a utility called the Stackometer .
in its windows incarnation it 's also possible to [watch] exactly what 's going on your hard disk using a utility called the stackometer .

Let's face it — with current monitor technology , the chances of burning an image into the screen phosphors by leaving the same picture on display for a while are very remote .
let's face it — with current [watch] technology , the chances of burning an image into the screen phosphors by leaving the same picture on display for a while are very remote .

Subtitle : If you want more colours from your monitor and faster screen redrawing then the answer is to get a Magician graphics accelerator card .
subtitle : if you want more colours from your [watch] and faster screen redrawing then the answer is to get a magician graphics accelerator card .

The theory behind this is sound , stick it in front of the operator within easy reach , at the side of the monitor and voila !
the theory behind this is sound , stick it in front of the operator within easy reach , at the side of the [watch] and voila !

… Every time the monitor is powered up the de-gaussing circuit fires up and destroys and/or corrupts all your lovely data that 's being stored right next to the great big degaussing coil surrounding the screen .
… every time the [watch] is powered up the de-gaussing circuit fires up and destroys and/or corrupts all your lovely data that 's being stored right next to the great big degaussing coil surrounding the screen .

After installation , if the monitor does not work at all , check that the card is firmly pushed into its slot .
after installation , if the [watch] does not work at all , check that the card is firmly pushed into its slot .

If the monitor works but appears to have lost one or more of the red , blue or green colours , the cable connecting the card to the monitor is not making a good connection .
if the [watch] works but appears to have lost one or more of the red , blue or green colours , the cable connecting the card to the [watch] is not making a good connection .

This is due to to the use of a special microlouvre film , which only allows the person seated directly in front of it to see the information displayed on the computer 's monitor .
this is due to to the use of a special microlouvre film , which only allows the person seated directly in front of it to see the information displayed on the computer 's [watch] .

The design of the fittings by which the screen is attached to the monitor is particularly impressive .
the design of the fittings by which the screen is attached to the [watch] is particularly impressive .

Once the arms are fitted , all you need to do is rest them on top of the monitor , and the screen will stay where it has been placed .
once the arms are fitted , all you need to do is rest them on top of the [watch] , and the screen will stay where it has been placed .

This is due to the use of a special microlouvre film , which only allows the person seated directly in front of it to see the information displayed on the computer 's monitor .
this is due to the use of a special microlouvre film , which only allows the person seated directly in front of it to see the information displayed on the computer 's [watch] .

The design of the fittings by which the screen is attached to the monitor is particularly impressive .
the design of the fittings by which the screen is attached to the [watch] is particularly impressive .

Once the arms are fitted , all you need to do is rest them on top of the monitor , and the screen will stay where it has been placed .
once the arms are fitted , all you need to do is rest them on top of the [watch] , and the screen will stay where it has been placed .

In another reprocessing plant , an air monitor alarmed , and as a precaution , personnel evacuated the area .
in another reprocessing plant , an air [watch] alarmed , and as a precaution , personnel evacuated the area .

installation of a portable monitor for shot to medium-term assessment and specification ;
installation of a portable [watch] for shot to medium-term assessment and specification ;

Before external cooling with the use of water ice , temperature probes should be inserted to monitor the patient 's temperature .
before external cooling with the use of water ice , temperature probes should be inserted to [watch] the patient 's temperature .

It would be interesting to be able to monitor educative efforts by Alcor etc .
it would be interesting to be able to [watch] educative efforts by alcor etc .

And the forceplate can monitor a horse 's recovery , showing that it is back to normal or that recovery has stopped .
and the forceplate can [watch] a horse 's recovery , showing that it is back to normal or that recovery has stopped .

‘ Videodisc Monitor ’ , Ed .
‘ videodisc [watch] ’ , ed .

Dot-matrix or inkjet printers can be used to generate screen dumps or hard copies of the graphics displayed on a colour graphics monitor .
dot-matrix or inkjet printers can be used to generate screen dumps or hard copies of the graphics displayed on a colour graphics [watch] .

Map projections are needed in order to display the three-dimensional Earth on a two-dimensional piece of paper ( or monitor screen ) .
map projections are needed in order to display the three-dimensional earth on a two-dimensional piece of paper ( or [watch] screen ) .

The digital images held in the memory banks are converted to television signals which are displayed on the monitor .
the digital images held in the memory banks are converted to television signals which are displayed on the [watch] .

The colour seen on a monitor screen is named in the right-most column .
the colour seen on a [watch] screen is named in the right-most column .

These techniques can be divided into two kinds : those which produce a permanent paper or photographic ( human-readable ) output and those which generate a temporary display on a television monitor screen .
these techniques can be divided into two kinds : those which produce a permanent paper or photographic ( human-readable ) output and those which generate a temporary display on a television [watch] screen .

In project work there are a minimum number of formal meetings of the type described above necessary to monitor the progress of the project and authorize use of resources when needed .
in project work there are a minimum number of formal meetings of the type described above necessary to [watch] the progress of the project and authorize use of resources when needed .

Their planting of small bombs , so that they can monitor security procedures , is followed by police and Army blundering , which was intended by Winner as a dig at Services mentality .
their planting of small bombs , so that they can [watch] security procedures , is followed by police and army blundering , which was intended by winner as a dig at services mentality .

’ The black-eyebrowed albatross was a frequent visitor to the Parsee , and gave Gould the chance to try out a crude but innovative experiment — one of the first attempts to tag and monitor a live sea bird .
’ the black-eyebrowed albatross was a frequent visitor to the parsee , and gave gould the chance to try out a crude but innovative experiment — one of the first attempts to tag and [watch] a live sea bird .

Although the subject received some coverage in the course of routine reporting on the war by journalists with access to the usual range of sources — specialist spokesmen in government information agencies , defence attaches in various embassies , the occasional interview on the field of battle — the main authorities are the specialized bodies which monitor developments in the strategic field , the international arms trade , and so on .
although the subject received some coverage in the course of routine reporting on the war by journalists with access to the usual range of sources — specialist spokesmen in government information agencies , defence attaches in various embassies , the occasional interview on the field of battle — the main authorities are the specialized bodies which [watch] developments in the strategic field , the international arms trade , and so on .

Monitor environmental statutory regulations to ensure that required standards are met .
[watch] environmental statutory regulations to ensure that required standards are met .

‘ We try to promote a healthy lifestyle and we give advice on good living practice , ’ said occupational health nurse , one of two full time nurses at the centre who constantly monitor the health effects of the multitude of jobs on the site .
‘ we try to promote a healthy lifestyle and we give advice on good living practice , ’ said occupational health nurse , one of two full time nurses at the centre who constantly [watch] the health effects of the multitude of jobs on the site .

Carol said the centre and its staff could monitor if a particular department was producing repeated cases of a particular injury or illness , and make recommendations about how the problem could be solved .
carol said the centre and its staff could [watch] if a particular department was producing repeated cases of a particular injury or illness , and make recommendations about how the problem could be solved .

Most of the readings taken were with exposures corresponding to a reasonably representative image as displayed on the monitor screen .
most of the readings taken were with exposures corresponding to a reasonably representative image as displayed on the [watch] screen .

The computer , keyboard and monitor were placed on a table outside the growth room and measurements were recorded regularly .
the computer , keyboard and [watch] were placed on a table outside the growth room and measurements were recorded regularly .

First , it would be necessary to monitor the quantity of pollution of each firm in order to assess its tax liability .
first , it would be necessary to [watch] the quantity of pollution of each firm in order to assess its tax liability .

Even where society relies on private agencies to monitor regulations , society will probably want to set the standards itself .
even where society relies on private agencies to [watch] regulations , society will probably want to set the standards itself .

If it was straightforward to assess the efficient quantity of the externality and hence the correct tax or subsidy , and straightforward to monitor the quantities produced and consumed , such taxes or subsidies would allow the market to achieve an efficient resource allocation .
if it was straightforward to assess the efficient quantity of the externality and hence the correct tax or subsidy , and straightforward to [watch] the quantities produced and consumed , such taxes or subsidies would allow the market to achieve an efficient resource allocation .

the Trade Descriptions Act ) and to monitor general company behaviour .
the trade descriptions act ) and to [watch] general company behaviour .

In the first place , individual shareholders face a free-rider problem : provided other shareholders monitor the management , everything will be fine .
in the first place , individual shareholders face a free-rider problem : provided other shareholders [watch] the management , everything will be fine .

However , recent hardware developments have resulted in electronic paper — a tablet-LCD device which unifies the computer monitor and graphics tablet .
however , recent hardware developments have resulted in electronic paper — a tablet-lcd device which unifies the computer [watch] and graphics tablet .

Such capital flight , according to Multinational Monitor , is sapping local economies and draining central bank reserves throughout the underdeveloped world .
such capital flight , according to multinational [watch] , is sapping local economies and draining central bank reserves throughout the underdeveloped world .

More topically Smith drives home the absurdity of the present British water industry installing meters in households and then setting up a huge bureaucracy to monitor them and gather payment — a move that will make water much more expensive ( and thus more attractive to the private companies which will eventually provide it ) .
more topically smith drives home the absurdity of the present british water industry installing meters in households and then setting up a huge bureaucracy to [watch] them and gather payment — a move that will make water much more expensive ( and thus more attractive to the private companies which will eventually provide it ) .

He wanted to know whether we would monitor the introduction of the new disability benefits and their impact in policy terms and with regard to their administration .
he wanted to know whether we would [watch] the introduction of the new disability benefits and their impact in policy terms and with regard to their administration .

Under the Electricity Act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . Will my hon. Friend discuss with the Office of Electricity Regulation the complaints of the Combined Heat and Power Association that existing regulations contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?
under the electricity act 1989 , the regulator is directed to [watch] the progress of combined heat and power . will my hon. friend discuss with the office of electricity regulation the complaints of the combined heat and power association that existing regulations contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment what action is being taken by his Department to monitor air quality in London ; and if he will make a statement .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment what action is being taken by his department to [watch] air quality in london ; and if he will make a statement .

The institutions are required to monitor their use of the access funds and the Secretary of State for Education and Science has undertaken to review the operation of the funds in due course .
the institutions are required to [watch] their use of the access funds and the secretary of state for education and science has undertaken to review the operation of the funds in due course .

Clause 70 of the previous Bill required the undertakers to install monitoring apparatus to monitor water level and quality for infectious diseases .
clause 70 of the previous bill required the undertakers to install monitoring apparatus to [watch] water level and quality for infectious diseases .

Ben-Ner ( 1984 : 248 ) , for example , cites , among explanations for the high incidence of liquidations of producer cooperatives , ‘ their inability to settle personal disputes , their lack of discipline in the absence of a central monitor [ and ] their low motivation caused by excessive egalitarianism ’ .
ben-ner ( 1984 : 248 ) , for example , cites , among explanations for the high incidence of liquidations of producer cooperatives , ‘ their inability to settle personal disputes , their lack of discipline in the absence of a central [watch] [ and ] their low motivation caused by excessive egalitarianism ’ .

The monitor stated that it would leave at approximately 1915 .
the [watch] stated that it would leave at approximately 1915 .

He had n't indicated where Faye 's room was , and she wondered what would happen if she needed to monitor her patient during the night .
he had n't indicated where faye 's room was , and she wondered what would happen if she needed to [watch] her patient during the night .

He put her suitcases down in the driveway and reached into the boot to pass her a carry-case which Belinda recognised as containing a portable monitor , something like an electrically amplified stethoscope , which meant that it was often possible for a pregnant woman to hear her baby 's heartbeat as early as ten weeks into the pregnancy .
he put her suitcases down in the driveway and reached into the boot to pass her a carry-case which belinda recognised as containing a portable [watch] , something like an electrically amplified stethoscope , which meant that it was often possible for a pregnant woman to hear her baby 's heartbeat as early as ten weeks into the pregnancy .

Dr Russell had set up the monitor when Belinda returned .
dr russell had set up the [watch] when belinda returned .

Remembering how responsive Faye 's blood glucose level was to stress , she was about to monitor its level , but , as she got out the kit , Tom arrived , his tall figure catapulting into the room and only a slight untidiness to his dark hair betraying the fact that he had so recently been locked in Marise 's arms in the garden .
remembering how responsive faye 's blood glucose level was to stress , she was about to [watch] its level , but , as she got out the kit , tom arrived , his tall figure catapulting into the room and only a slight untidiness to his dark hair betraying the fact that he had so recently been locked in marise 's arms in the garden .

Tom laughed absently , then continued to muse aloud , ‘ Dr Greene says the baby is possibly going to be macrosomic , but at this stage that 's not a problem and he 'll monitor closely in case early delivery is indicated . ’
tom laughed absently , then continued to muse aloud , ‘ dr greene says the baby is possibly going to be macrosomic , but at this stage that 's not a problem and he 'll [watch] closely in case early delivery is indicated . ’

He was gazing into his make-up mirror , playing the same game that he always did on the monitor screens in television studios — in other words , deciding which was his best profile .
he was gazing into his make-up mirror , playing the same game that he always did on the [watch] screens in television studios — in other words , deciding which was his best profile .

The differential information limits the ability of legislators or voters to take decisions or to monitor the performance of government agencies .
the differential information limits the ability of legislators or voters to take decisions or to [watch] the performance of government agencies .

For this reason private firms may not be able to rely on implicit control systems based on observed output but may have to monitor performance directly .
for this reason private firms may not be able to rely on implicit control systems based on observed output but may have to [watch] performance directly .

If the executive attempt in turn to monitor budget requests , this adds control expenditure to the cost of provision .
if the executive attempt in turn to [watch] budget requests , this adds control expenditure to the cost of provision .

The Commission and the European Parliament have conducted regular opinion polls over many years to monitor the development of such an identity , but it is still only felt by a small minority of Europeans .
the commission and the european parliament have conducted regular opinion polls over many years to [watch] the development of such an identity , but it is still only felt by a small minority of europeans .

It recommended that the councils monitor the rates of submission of theses by research students in every university , so as to be able to impose sanctions on universities whose rates were unsatisfactory .
it recommended that the councils [watch] the rates of submission of theses by research students in every university , so as to be able to impose sanctions on universities whose rates were unsatisfactory .

Arts advisers recounted the personal effects of the decline in their numbers , in particular on their ability to monitor the arts work within schools and ( where they exist ) the work of the professional development teachers .
arts advisers recounted the personal effects of the decline in their numbers , in particular on their ability to [watch] the arts work within schools and ( where they exist ) the work of the professional development teachers .

Recent initiatives in this country include the current survey of teacher training courses being undertaken by the Equal Opportunities Commission , and the Schools Curriculum Development Committee 's work in this area which resulted in the ‘ Genderwatch ’ pack of self-assessment schedules for use in schools : this pack would provide valuable support material for arts teachers wishing to monitor this aspect of their work .
recent initiatives in this country include the current survey of teacher training courses being undertaken by the equal opportunities commission , and the schools curriculum development committee 's work in this area which resulted in the ‘ genderwatch ’ pack of self-assessment schedules for use in schools : this pack would provide valuable support material for arts teachers wishing to [watch] this aspect of their work .

He added : ‘ The two systems , an Alpha Drum Monitor and a Neutron Coincidence Counter , are results of development and design expertise from both Risley and Sellafield built up over recent years .
he added : ‘ the two systems , an alpha drum [watch] and a neutron coincidence counter , are results of development and design expertise from both risley and sellafield built up over recent years .

’ In the light of this we should monitor news reports of lenient sentencing for driving offences — such as the one in the Scotsman ( 5th ?
’ in the light of this we should [watch] news reports of lenient sentencing for driving offences — such as the one in the scotsman ( 5th ?

Corporately teachers can plan and develop strategies , translate them into practice and monitor and evaluate their effect .
corporately teachers can plan and develop strategies , translate them into practice and [watch] and evaluate their effect .

In looking at the way in which schools and colleges were managed after the 1988 Act , the Commission pointed out that LEAs would have a less directive role but would still have to monitor the services of schools and colleges .
in looking at the way in which schools and colleges were managed after the 1988 act , the commission pointed out that leas would have a less directive role but would still have to [watch] the services of schools and colleges .

monitor and discuss with organisations the smooth running of the programme , improving it where necessary ;
[watch] and discuss with organisations the smooth running of the programme , improving it where necessary ;

Students will be asked to monitor their own personal and social development which has taken place as a result of work experience and to review this in conjunction with the tutor .
students will be asked to [watch] their own personal and social development which has taken place as a result of work experience and to review this in conjunction with the tutor .

Throughout the module , tutor/supervisor will closely monitor student performance and will be available as a resource when needed .
throughout the module , tutor/supervisor will closely [watch] student performance and will be available as a resource when needed .

Students will be asked to monitor their own personal and social development which has taken place as a result of the experience and to review this in conjunction with the tutor .
students will be asked to [watch] their own personal and social development which has taken place as a result of the experience and to review this in conjunction with the tutor .

Throughout the module the tutor/supervisor will closely monitor student performance and will be available as a resource when needed .
throughout the module the tutor/supervisor will closely [watch] student performance and will be available as a resource when needed .

They will be expected to carry out tasks during the residential with limited support from the tutor and to monitor their own progress in terms of personal and social development .
they will be expected to carry out tasks during the residential with limited support from the tutor and to [watch] their own progress in terms of personal and social development .

Students will be asked to monitor their own performance in terms of the learning outcomes and performance criteria throughout the module and to undertake an analysis and evaluation of the learning they have gained .
students will be asked to [watch] their own performance in terms of the learning outcomes and performance criteria throughout the module and to undertake an analysis and evaluation of the learning they have gained .

Students will be expected to monitor their own performance throughout the module and to analyse and evaluate the contribution of enterprise activity to their own personal and social development .
students will be expected to [watch] their own performance throughout the module and to analyse and evaluate the contribution of enterprise activity to their own personal and social development .

Students will be asked to monitor their progress throughout and to take part in regular review sessions .
students will be asked to [watch] their progress throughout and to take part in regular review sessions .

Students will closely monitor their own progress and complete detailed record keeping on all aspects of the investigation .
students will closely [watch] their own progress and complete detailed record keeping on all aspects of the investigation .

Regular reviews of progress will take place and students are asked to carefully monitor their own performance .
regular reviews of progress will take place and students are asked to carefully [watch] their own performance .

Students will closely monitor their own progress and complete detailed record-keeping on all aspects of the investigation .
students will closely [watch] their own progress and complete detailed record-keeping on all aspects of the investigation .

Regular review sessions will be held to enable the students to identify the learning gained and students will be asked to carefully monitor their own progress .
regular review sessions will be held to enable the students to identify the learning gained and students will be asked to carefully [watch] their own progress .

Students are expected to keep records of their work and experience and to monitor their own performance carefully .
students are expected to keep records of their work and experience and to [watch] their own performance carefully .

Regular review sessions will be held to monitor progress in all aspects of the programme , with emphasis being placed on personal and social development .
regular review sessions will be held to [watch] progress in all aspects of the programme , with emphasis being placed on personal and social development .

This level of subjective risk is similar to a crucial part of the Summala model which is a ‘ subjective risk monitor ’ which is sensitive to the subjective probability of an adverse event and the degree of the negative consequences associated with that event , the only difference is that while Summala claim that the level of subjective risk output by this monitor is generally nil , Wilde ( 1988 ) assumes that it is only ‘ psychologically nil ’ ( p. 444 ) .
this level of subjective risk is similar to a crucial part of the summala model which is a ‘ subjective risk [watch] ’ which is sensitive to the subjective probability of an adverse event and the degree of the negative consequences associated with that event , the only difference is that while summala claim that the level of subjective risk output by this [watch] is generally nil , wilde ( 1988 ) assumes that it is only ‘ psychologically nil ’ ( p. 444 ) .

However , the overall distribution of ratings , the majority being very low numbers with the occasional higher one , might equally be seen as supporting the idea that subjects are generally feeling no risk at all but occasionally give a high number with the activation of the ‘ subjective risk monitor ’ ( Summala , 1976 ) .
however , the overall distribution of ratings , the majority being very low numbers with the occasional higher one , might equally be seen as supporting the idea that subjects are generally feeling no risk at all but occasionally give a high number with the activation of the ‘ subjective risk [watch] ’ ( summala , 1976 ) .

To determine and monitor working practices of the staff for which he/she is responsible and to ensure compliance with all policies and procedures .
to determine and [watch] working practices of the staff for which he/she is responsible and to ensure compliance with all policies and procedures .

To organise and monitor the workload and performance of junior enforcement staff as appropriate .
to organise and [watch] the workload and performance of junior enforcement staff as appropriate .

To monitor , advise and produce guidance notes , when appropriate , on all new legislation affecting work of the section .
to [watch] , advise and produce guidance notes , when appropriate , on all new legislation affecting work of the section .

It is the intention to monitor constantly the level and type of equipment carried and in fact three of the buses have recently been equipped with Computer Aided Design .
it is the intention to [watch] constantly the level and type of equipment carried and in fact three of the buses have recently been equipped with computer aided design .

We have already remarked that data collection is increasingly prevalent in all kinds of organisation , much of it intended to monitor the performance of the organisation itself .
we have already remarked that data collection is increasingly prevalent in all kinds of organisation , much of it intended to [watch] the performance of the organisation itself .

The commission had been established in April to monitor the implementation of the national peace pact signed between the government and the Unified Movements and Fronts of Azawad , representing the Tuareg rebels [ see p. 38853 ] .
the commission had been established in april to [watch] the implementation of the national peace pact signed between the government and the unified movements and fronts of azawad , representing the tuareg rebels [ see p. 38853 ] .

On July 20 a group of French inspectors arrived in Ukraine to monitor implementation of the treaty , marking the start of an intensive 120-day period of mutual `` baseline inspections `` to establish current holdings in each country .
on july 20 a group of french inspectors arrived in ukraine to [watch] implementation of the treaty , marking the start of an intensive 120-day period of mutual `` baseline inspections `` to establish current holdings in each country .

Under the agreement states would monitor air pollution , share technical information , raise funds for environmental protection and conduct joint research on forestry , wildlife management and gas and oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean .
under the agreement states would [watch] air pollution , share technical information , raise funds for environmental protection and conduct joint research on forestry , wildlife management and gas and oil drilling in the arctic ocean .

At a press conference in Sarajevo on Aug. 23 he had outlined a `` future constitutional arrangement of Bosnia-Hercegovina `` which would guarantee equality between the three major groups though a lower house in parliament where decisions would only be passed by a consensus and a tribunal to monitor `` human and national rights `` .
at a press conference in sarajevo on aug. 23 he had outlined a `` future constitutional arrangement of bosnia-hercegovina `` which would guarantee equality between the three major groups though a lower house in parliament where decisions would only be passed by a consensus and a tribunal to [watch] `` human and national rights `` .

Anand Panyarachun , the Prime Minister , appointed a 33-member committee on Jan. 8 to monitor the conduct of the general election due to be held on March 22 [ for announcement in December 1991 of election date see p. 38681 ] .
anand panyarachun , the prime minister , appointed a 33-member committee on jan. 8 to [watch] the conduct of the general election due to be held on march 22 [ for announcement in december 1991 of election date see p. 38681 ] .

Missions to monitor human rights in the newly-democratized states of eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union were approved [ see also pp. 38458 ; 38554 ] , and agreement was reached to expand the functions of the Office for Free Elections in Warsaw , renamed the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights .
missions to [watch] human rights in the newly-democratized states of eastern europe and the former soviet union were approved [ see also pp. 38458 ; 38554 ] , and agreement was reached to expand the functions of the office for free elections in warsaw , renamed the office for democratic institutions and human rights .

While ministers abstained from recommending measures aimed at stabilizing exchange rates [ see pp. 38314 ; 38555 ; 38601 ] , they agreed " to monitor market developments " and to co-operate to develop " favourable conditions for stable exchange markets " .
while ministers abstained from recommending measures aimed at stabilizing exchange rates [ see pp. 38314 ; 38555 ; 38601 ] , they agreed " to [watch] market developments " and to co-operate to develop " favourable conditions for stable exchange markets " .

President Kenneth Kaunda invited foreign observers to monitor the October election campaign and on Aug. 21 gave freedom of movement to all diplomats .
president kenneth kaunda invited foreign observers to [watch] the october election campaign and on aug. 21 gave freedom of movement to all diplomats .

The committee proposed ( i ) an executive comprising a directly elected President , a Prime Minister who would be the leader of the majority party in parliament , and a Security Council consisting of the senior ministers , members of the security forces and three presidential nominees ; ( ii ) a non-partisan Council of State , including leaders of all parliamentary political parties and regional representatives , which would deal with matters of " constitutional or national significance " ; ( iii ) a single directly elected legislature ; and ( iv ) a Special Committee on Human Rights and Administrative Justice which would promote and monitor the enforcement of such rights .
the committee proposed ( i ) an executive comprising a directly elected president , a prime minister who would be the leader of the majority party in parliament , and a security council consisting of the senior ministers , members of the security forces and three presidential nominees ; ( ii ) a non-partisan council of state , including leaders of all parliamentary political parties and regional representatives , which would deal with matters of " constitutional or national significance " ; ( iii ) a single directly elected legislature ; and ( iv ) a special committee on human rights and administrative justice which would promote and [watch] the enforcement of such rights .

Tabuchi 's statement came the day after Japan 's National Police Agency had urged the country 's banks and securities houses to establish mechanisms in order to monitor dealings with customers suspected of involvement with organized crime .
tabuchi 's statement came the day after japan 's national police agency had urged the country 's banks and securities houses to establish mechanisms in order to [watch] dealings with customers suspected of involvement with organized crime .

Earlier , a special commission headed by Ganbold had been established to monitor distribution and sales of food and consumer goods .
earlier , a special commission headed by ganbold had been established to [watch] distribution and sales of food and consumer goods .

On June 16 the Legislative Yuan approved a bill to abolish the `` thought police `` system , a mechanism which had involved the maintenance of special units in government offices whose function was to monitor the discipline and behaviour of civil servants , and to examine their loyalty to the ruling Kuomintang .
on june 16 the legislative yuan approved a bill to abolish the `` thought police `` system , a mechanism which had involved the maintenance of special units in government offices whose function was to [watch] the discipline and behaviour of civil servants , and to examine their loyalty to the ruling kuomintang .

Reports prior to the meeting had suggested that the dollar 's recent sharp advance in currency markets would force central banks to intervene in keeping with a January agreement " to monitor developments in exchange markets " [ see p. 37978 ] .
reports prior to the meeting had suggested that the dollar 's recent sharp advance in currency markets would force central banks to intervene in keeping with a january agreement " to [watch] developments in exchange markets " [ see p. 37978 ] .

Although the Forum praised the French government 's efforts to bring `` peaceful evolution to self-determination `` in the French territory of New Caledonia , its desire to monitor the situation was rebuffed by the French government .
although the forum praised the french government 's efforts to bring `` peaceful evolution to self-determination `` in the french territory of new caledonia , its desire to [watch] the situation was rebuffed by the french government .

Fiji Prime Minister Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara said that his colleagues wanted to send a delegation to New Caledonia each year to monitor implementation of the Matignon Accord ( the 1988 pact which ended fighting between French settlers and pro-independence indigenous Kanaks by promising a 10-year process leading to a referendum on self-determination — see pp .
fiji prime minister ratu sir kamisese mara said that his colleagues wanted to send a delegation to new caledonia each year to [watch] implementation of the matignon accord ( the 1988 pact which ended fighting between french settlers and pro-independence indigenous kanaks by promising a 10-year process leading to a referendum on self-determination — see pp .

The Japanese also launched in March a fresh initiative which called , among other things , for the creation of a special commission to monitor Khmer Rouge activities .
the japanese also launched in march a fresh initiative which called , among other things , for the creation of a special commission to [watch] khmer rouge activities .

At a simultaneous official celebration in the capital President Alfredo Cristiani swore in the 10 members of the National Commission for the Consolidation of Peace ( Copaz ) which would monitor the ceasefire .
at a simultaneous official celebration in the capital president alfredo cristiani swore in the 10 members of the national commission for the consolidation of peace ( copaz ) which would [watch] the ceasefire .

On Feb. 11 Justice and Legal Affairs Minister Ghazi Obaid as Sammar said that it was out of the question for foreign observers to monitor the elections , which were a purely internal matter .
on feb. 11 justice and legal affairs minister ghazi obaid as sammar said that it was out of the question for foreign observers to [watch] the elections , which were a purely internal matter .

As in previous years it was difficult to monitor the fighting in Cambodia during 1990 , as independent confirmation of conflicting claims was extremely rare .
as in previous years it was difficult to [watch] the fighting in cambodia during 1990 , as independent confirmation of conflicting claims was extremely rare .

The accord also authorized the creation of a mechanism to monitor the observance of conventions banning biological weapons .
the accord also authorized the creation of a mechanism to [watch] the observance of conventions banning biological weapons .

On Oct. 10 , Tishkov , then Chair of the Russian State Committee on Nationalities Policy , visiting the region to monitor progress in forming an Ingush republic out of Chechen-Ingushetia , had confirmed that there would be no changes in the current borders of the North Caucasian republics .
on oct. 10 , tishkov , then chair of the russian state committee on nationalities policy , visiting the region to [watch] progress in forming an ingush republic out of chechen-ingushetia , had confirmed that there would be no changes in the current borders of the north caucasian republics .

The Rotuma Council of Chiefs said that it wanted to monitor the islanders ' movements `` for social and cultural purposes `` .
the rotuma council of chiefs said that it wanted to [watch] the islanders ' movements `` for social and cultural purposes `` .

The outgoing military-appointed government of Anand Panyarachun had established an independent group , Poll Watch , to monitor the conduct of the elections .
the outgoing military-appointed government of anand panyarachun had established an independent group , poll watch , to [watch] the conduct of the elections .

As a guard against corruption , a permanent auditing system was to monitor the workings of the executive branch of government .
as a guard against corruption , a permanent auditing system was to [watch] the workings of the executive branch of government .

Patten also announced the establishment of legislative committees to monitor government business , and the introduction of a monthly Governor 's question time in Legco .
patten also announced the establishment of legislative committees to [watch] government business , and the introduction of a monthly governor 's question time in legco .

On Oct. 1 Russian observers who had arrived in Baku , the Azerbaijani capital , on Sept. 28 to monitor the ceasefire , were reported as saying that in Kazakh district there were no hostilities and that they were to move on to Kubatlin district next day .
on oct. 1 russian observers who had arrived in baku , the azerbaijani capital , on sept. 28 to [watch] the ceasefire , were reported as saying that in kazakh district there were no hostilities and that they were to move on to kubatlin district next day .

While the council agreed to dispatch 50 observers to monitor a ceasefire agreement between the supporters of interim President Ali Mahdi Mohammed and Gen. Mohammed Farah Aydid [ see p. 38800 ] , it deferred a decision on the proposal to send 500 armed soldiers to escort food convoys .
while the council agreed to dispatch 50 observers to [watch] a ceasefire agreement between the supporters of interim president ali mahdi mohammed and gen. mohammed farah aydid [ see p. 38800 ] , it deferred a decision on the proposal to send 500 armed soldiers to escort food convoys .

President Levon Ter-Petrosyan curtailed a visit to Greece to monitor the situation .
president levon ter-petrosyan curtailed a visit to greece to [watch] the situation .

At a further quadrilateral meeting between Foreign Ministers on April 17 , it was decided to establish a commission to monitor the ceasefire .
at a further quadrilateral meeting between foreign ministers on april 17 , it was decided to establish a commission to [watch] the ceasefire .

This requires well-structured hierarchies , ideally into distinct cost or responsibility centres , explicit objectives and performance measures to monitor results .
this requires well-structured hierarchies , ideally into distinct cost or responsibility centres , explicit objectives and performance measures to [watch] results .

The year also saw the beginning of modularisation at the University and with this the initiation of procedures by the Enterprise Centre , in conjunction with the Quality Assurance Unit , to monitor the introduction and development of enterprise in all modules .
the year also saw the beginning of modularisation at the university and with this the initiation of procedures by the enterprise centre , in conjunction with the quality assurance unit , to [watch] the introduction and development of enterprise in all modules .

State of the art technology can be applied to existing installations to systematically monitor and record all lift activity and events .
state of the art technology can be applied to existing installations to systematically [watch] and record all lift activity and events .

Permanent support from the group : from the outset , the franchisee receives the backing of the company 's teams who contribute their professional skills and know-how , in order to monitor the franchisee 's progress and advise him on the day to day management of the restaurants .
permanent support from the group : from the outset , the franchisee receives the backing of the company 's teams who contribute their professional skills and know-how , in order to [watch] the franchisee 's progress and advise him on the day to day management of the restaurants .

‘ We also monitor customer satisfaction , which has improved a lot .
‘ we also [watch] customer satisfaction , which has improved a lot .

By doing this , non-craft trained staff can repeat faithfully the correct cooking instructions thereby ensuring a monitor to due diligence and allowing greater management peace of mind .
by doing this , non-craft trained staff can repeat faithfully the correct cooking instructions thereby ensuring a [watch] to due diligence and allowing greater management peace of mind .

The ovens ' microprocessors are able to monitor the temperature , time and humidity of the cooking environment , so avoiding the age-old problems of overcooking and drying out .
the ovens ' microprocessors are able to [watch] the temperature , time and humidity of the cooking environment , so avoiding the age-old problems of overcooking and drying out .

We will wish to minimise these , and to monitor the success of the new system , with future developments in mind .
we will wish to minimise these , and to [watch] the success of the new system , with future developments in mind .

Zenith had seen Acme 's program in use and decided to write a program to fulfil the same purpose , that is , to monitor drug dosages .
zenith had seen acme 's program in use and decided to write a program to fulfil the same purpose , that is , to [watch] drug dosages .

The plaintiff made traffic control systems and a controller for pelican crossings , these being programmed using a set of mnemonics ( a set of three-letter symbols ) and these were also used to monitor the controllers .
the plaintiff made traffic control systems and a controller for pelican crossings , these being programmed using a set of mnemonics ( a set of three-letter symbols ) and these were also used to [watch] the controllers .

Examples of these are : an attractive outer case for a computer monitor , a useful case for computer disks with built-in carrying handle , a desk for a computer or a new shape for a portable computer .
examples of these are : an attractive outer case for a computer [watch] , a useful case for computer disks with built-in carrying handle , a desk for a computer or a new shape for a portable computer .

The computer has a new type of keyboard and an attractive design embossed on the monitor case which also carries the manufacturer 's stylized name .
the computer has a new type of keyboard and an attractive design embossed on the [watch] case which also carries the manufacturer 's stylized name .

For example , we can not see or touch a computer program running in a computer , all we can do is experience its effects through a peripheral device such as a monitor or a printer .
for example , we can not see or touch a computer program running in a computer , all we can do is experience its effects through a peripheral device such as a [watch] or a printer .

Every four to six weeks a training executive will visit to monitor their training and agree future objectives .
every four to six weeks a training executive will visit to [watch] their training and agree future objectives .

13 Monitor and note down areas of difficulty after lesson for future practice .
13 [watch] and note down areas of difficulty after lesson for future practice .

It is therefore not practical to monitor patients for long periods with this technique .
it is therefore not practical to [watch] patients for long periods with this technique .

The advantages of gamma scintigraphy are offset by the fact that patients are required to be static during imaging , whereas it has been shown that it is more reliable to monitor reflux in ambulant patients than patients restricted within a hospital routine .
the advantages of gamma scintigraphy are offset by the fact that patients are required to be static during imaging , whereas it has been shown that it is more reliable to [watch] reflux in ambulant patients than patients restricted within a hospital routine .

Monitor compliance
[watch] compliance

Breath hydrogen concentration was measured using an exhaled hydrogen monitor ( Keymed ) .
breath hydrogen concentration was measured using an exhaled hydrogen [watch] ( keymed ) .

Measurements of bismuth in serum samples during the trial enabled us to monitor whether significant accumulation occurred .
measurements of bismuth in serum samples during the trial enabled us to [watch] whether significant accumulation occurred .

Throughout the insertion procedure , pressure and pH were displayed continuously on a computer monitor for identification of the lower oesophageal sphincter .
throughout the insertion procedure , pressure and ph were displayed continuously on a computer [watch] for identification of the lower oesophageal sphincter .

During the entire study the subjects electrocardiograph was displayed on a monitor .
during the entire study the subjects electrocardiograph was displayed on a [watch] .

They can then add a Tracker unit , which will monitor the progress of the work , effort and expenditure as the project proceeds .
they can then add a tracker unit , which will [watch] the progress of the work , effort and expenditure as the project proceeds .

They do not monitor in the area — which suggests that they do n't think it is a major exposure route .
they do not [watch] in the area — which suggests that they do n't think it is a major exposure route .

It was cut out of conference papers and replaced with a notice slipped into the file saying : ‘ The proposed paper on the Aids monitor has unfortunately had to be withdrawn , since it has not been possible to synchronise the publication with the Health Education Authority 's own report on the 1988 data , expected in the near future .
it was cut out of conference papers and replaced with a notice slipped into the file saying : ‘ the proposed paper on the aids [watch] has unfortunately had to be withdrawn , since it has not been possible to synchronise the publication with the health education authority 's own report on the 1988 data , expected in the near future .

Commons sources confirmed that on Thursday Mrs Thatcher stood at the despatch box with a television monitor nearby to see how she appeared on television in the chamber .
commons sources confirmed that on thursday mrs thatcher stood at the despatch box with a television [watch] nearby to see how she appeared on television in the chamber .

Egyptian officials , who scrupulously monitor parity with Israel on weapons procurement programmes financed by Washington , are making enquiries in Bonn to determine whether the proposed sale will go ahead .
egyptian officials , who scrupulously [watch] parity with israel on weapons procurement programmes financed by washington , are making enquiries in bonn to determine whether the proposed sale will go ahead .

First of all you must have clear goals , a picture in your mind of how you see the end result and a plan to monitor your progress and results .
first of all you must have clear goals , a picture in your mind of how you see the end result and a plan to [watch] your progress and results .

Of course , you do need to monitor people once they have been given their tasks .
of course , you do need to [watch] people once they have been given their tasks .

If an organiser does not co-ordinate and monitor and know exactly what 's going on at each stage , then ultimately he has only himself to blame if something goes wrong .
if an organiser does not co-ordinate and [watch] and know exactly what 's going on at each stage , then ultimately he has only himself to blame if something goes wrong .

Among the lessons she is learning is how to monitor the growth of her by now global entertainment profile .
among the lessons she is learning is how to [watch] the growth of her by now global entertainment profile .

The easiest way to monitor change is by weighing regularly .
the easiest way to [watch] change is by weighing regularly .

Later we show you how to monitor your usual eating behaviour in order to obtain a ‘ baseline ' .
later we show you how to [watch] your usual eating behaviour in order to obtain a ‘ baseline ' .

To maintain motivation and strengthen will-power you can use simple , practical aids to monitor progress and highlight the changes that have happened while you have been losing weight .
to maintain motivation and strengthen will-power you can use simple , practical aids to [watch] progress and highlight the changes that have happened while you have been losing weight .

SHe 'd found him in his workroom , staring moodily at the monitor screen .
she 'd found him in his workroom , staring moodily at the [watch] screen .

He found her quietly working in her office , surveying the extent of her financial empire on a monitor screen .
he found her quietly working in her office , surveying the extent of her financial empire on a [watch] screen .

In 1961 , while working as anaesthetics research registrar at the Westminster Hospital , Manley designed a machine to monitor or assist breathing during anaesthesia and other forms of unconsciousness .
in 1961 , while working as anaesthetics research registrar at the westminster hospital , manley designed a machine to [watch] or assist breathing during anaesthesia and other forms of unconsciousness .

Business Monitor : Beware mobile phone cheats
business [watch] : beware mobile phone cheats

Business Monitor : Cheap loans ‘ fixer ’ comes under fire
business [watch] : cheap loans ‘ fixer ’ comes under fire

Business Monitor : Companies steer to hiring
business [watch] : companies steer to hiring

Business Monitor : North West survey shows optimism
business [watch] : north west survey shows optimism

Business Monitor : London agency has £3m for minnows
business [watch] : london agency has £3m for minnows

Business Monitor : World-class needs leadership
business [watch] : world-class needs leadership

Business Monitor : Surveyor who will go far
business [watch] : surveyor who will go far

Business Monitor : Microsoft Windows has a clean sweep
business [watch] : microsoft windows has a clean sweep

Business Monitor : Mix with the bank manager
business [watch] : mix with the bank manager

Business Monitor : Questions without answers
business [watch] : questions without answers

Business Monitor : The new buy-in hopefuls
business [watch] : the new buy-in hopefuls

Business Monitor : Pay increases slow to rate of 6.5pc
business [watch] : pay increases slow to rate of 6.5pc

Ali is hooked up to an electrocardiograph and a blood-pressure monitor ; there is always some risk when blood is not making its customary passage .
ali is hooked up to an electrocardiograph and a blood-pressure [watch] ; there is always some risk when blood is not making its customary passage .

The latest is led by Frank Wohl , a court-appointed monitor .
the latest is led by frank wohl , a court-appointed [watch] .

At every warehouse , computers monitor stock levels and re-order from the factory when they fall below a minimum .
at every warehouse , computers [watch] stock levels and re-order from the factory when they fall below a minimum .

Though about 95 % of orders are placed without human intervention , people can , of course , monitor and override any of the system 's decisions — eg , to ensure that it is not ordering $ 2m missiles because of a statistical fluke .
though about 95 % of orders are placed without human intervention , people can , of course , [watch] and override any of the system 's decisions — eg , to ensure that it is not ordering $ 2m missiles because of a statistical fluke .

They are pure punters , unable to monitor whether a board of directors is doing its job — which is why boards like them .
they are pure punters , unable to [watch] whether a board of directors is doing its job — which is why boards like them .

But institutional ownership is not proving ideal for economies , because fund managers are poorly placed to monitor firms .
but institutional ownership is not proving ideal for economies , because fund managers are poorly placed to [watch] firms .

The Thingi is a £7.49 plastic arm that Velcros itself on to the top of your monitor and hangs over the side .
the thingi is a £7.49 plastic arm that velcros itself on to the top of your [watch] and hangs over the side .

But the Beecham drug company , which produces its own monitor of flu occurrence in Britain , says its scale of between 100 to 300 shows an epidemic rating of 200 .
but the beecham drug company , which produces its own [watch] of flu occurrence in britain , says its scale of between 100 to 300 shows an epidemic rating of 200 .

The annual costs estimate includes £155 million for a ‘ strengthening of management at all levels , ’ £10.5 million to pay members of health authorities , £15.6 million for administering general practitioner budgets , and £3.3 million for computers to monitor drugs spending .
the annual costs estimate includes £155 million for a ‘ strengthening of management at all levels , ’ £10.5 million to pay members of health authorities , £15.6 million for administering general practitioner budgets , and £3.3 million for computers to [watch] drugs spending .

When Mr James Baker , the American Secretary of State , met opposition leaders in Tashkent in February , Mr Pulatov urged him to establish diplomatic relations to enable the United States to monitor human rights and give democracy a foothold .
when mr james baker , the american secretary of state , met opposition leaders in tashkent in february , mr pulatov urged him to establish diplomatic relations to enable the united states to [watch] human rights and give democracy a foothold .

Business Monitor : Fraudsters blamed for firm 's debts
business [watch] : fraudsters blamed for firm 's debts

Business Monitor : Solid Weir raises order level
business [watch] : solid weir raises order level

Business Monitor : Phoenix from Clyde ashes
business [watch] : phoenix from clyde ashes

Business Monitor : Management backing the Union Andrew Griffiths looks north of the border and towards what the future might hold for Scotland
business [watch] : management backing the union andrew griffiths looks north of the border and towards what the future might hold for scotland

Instruments will monitor the speed and motion of the coaches while surveys provide information on passengers ' age , sex and health as well as where they were sitting and how sick they were , if at all .
instruments will [watch] the speed and motion of the coaches while surveys provide information on passengers ' age , sex and health as well as where they were sitting and how sick they were , if at all .

The movement of dolphins around the barrier was observed , using electronic equipment to monitor sonar activity .
the movement of dolphins around the barrier was observed , using electronic equipment to [watch] sonar activity .

Researchers at the Tel Aviv School of Medicine asked 46 of them to take their babies ' temperatures and monitor their symptoms in the two weeks before the eruption of their first tooth .
researchers at the tel aviv school of medicine asked 46 of them to take their babies ' temperatures and [watch] their symptoms in the two weeks before the eruption of their first tooth .

Mr John McGarry , a consultant obstetrician , is attempting to monitor all children from the area born after the 6 July incident .
mr john mcgarry , a consultant obstetrician , is attempting to [watch] all children from the area born after the 6 july incident .

’ The newspaper pointed out that , while Nicholas Ridley had created the National Rivers Authority to oversee the state of river water , he had refused to create a similar body to monitor tapwater and bring prosecution of polluters .
’ the newspaper pointed out that , while nicholas ridley had created the national rivers authority to oversee the state of river water , he had refused to create a similar body to [watch] tapwater and bring prosecution of polluters .

It repeals a duty conferred on them by the existing regime to monitor the wholesomeness of water in their areas .
it repeals a duty conferred on them by the existing regime to [watch] the wholesomeness of water in their areas .

The Shippers Club is a vital communications link for the airline , helping it to monitor requirements such as the spread of capacity geographically .
the shippers club is a vital communications link for the airline , helping it to [watch] requirements such as the spread of capacity geographically .

We will set up a National Qualifications Council to coordinate a single system of academic and vocational courses for 14–19 year olds , and a new Higher Education Standards Council to monitor quality in higher education .
we will set up a national qualifications council to coordinate a single system of academic and vocational courses for 14–19 year olds , and a new higher education standards council to [watch] quality in higher education .

We will support the creation by the police of new Racial attacks Squads to monitor and coordinate action against racially-motivated attacks .
we will support the creation by the police of new racial attacks squads to [watch] and coordinate action against racially-motivated attacks .

Finally , appraisal procedures must be established which monitor and enhance the individual 's ability to work to maximum effectiveness .
finally , appraisal procedures must be established which [watch] and enhance the individual 's ability to work to maximum effectiveness .

Monitor Evaluator : analyses problems and evaluates contributions ; intelligent , stable and introvert .
[watch] evaluator : analyses problems and evaluates contributions ; intelligent , stable and introvert .

The Company will continue to monitor and adapt policies and practices as necessary to protect the global environment on which we all depend .
the company will continue to [watch] and adapt policies and practices as necessary to protect the global environment on which we all depend .

In addition , a Ministry of Agriculture representative visits the plant weekly , to monitor its hygiene standards , as well as the quality of the beef .
in addition , a ministry of agriculture representative visits the plant weekly , to [watch] its hygiene standards , as well as the quality of the beef .

Our new Health Quality Commission will monitor the quality of care and raise standards .
our new health quality commission will [watch] the quality of care and raise standards .

Our Education Standards Commission , together with her Majesty 's Inspectors , will monitor the performance of every school .
our education standards commission , together with her majesty 's inspectors , will [watch] the performance of every school .

She will monitor the work of all other departments and co-ordinate action for equal opportunities across government .
she will [watch] the work of all other departments and co-ordinate action for equal opportunities across government .

Labour will set up a Human Rights Division in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , and require all Britain 's diplomatic posts abroad to appoint an officer to monitor human rights .
labour will set up a human rights division in the foreign and commonwealth office , and require all britain 's diplomatic posts abroad to appoint an officer to [watch] human rights .

Some biologists suggest that the best solution to the crown of thorns ‘ problem ’ may be to do nothing — except , of course , to monitor the situation .
some biologists suggest that the best solution to the crown of thorns ‘ problem ’ may be to do nothing — except , of course , to [watch] the situation .

The Press Complaints Commission is now in operation , and we will monitor its work carefully to see if self-regulation succeeds .
the press complaints commission is now in operation , and we will [watch] its work carefully to see if self-regulation succeeds .

Managers perform appraisals when they monitor day to day operations , ensure that tasks are completed and help individuals to work better .
managers perform appraisals when they [watch] day to day operations , ensure that tasks are completed and help individuals to work better .

monitor the agreement to ensure that it is implemented in the way that was intended .
[watch] the agreement to ensure that it is implemented in the way that was intended .

Since many negotiations seem to break down at the implementation stage it is often worth making a prior commitment to monitor progress jointly and to meet again shortly after implementation is supposed to start .
since many negotiations seem to break down at the implementation stage it is often worth making a prior commitment to [watch] progress jointly and to meet again shortly after implementation is supposed to start .

You will however monitor , progress chase , instruct and communicate through paper .
you will however [watch] , progress chase , instruct and communicate through paper .

monitor the frequency of meetings under your control . Unless you are given convincing reasons for not doing so , insist on a reduction
[watch] the frequency of meetings under your control . unless you are given convincing reasons for not doing so , insist on a reduction

Using these questions to monitor what is happening will help you spot conflict early and react to deal with it .
using these questions to [watch] what is happening will help you spot conflict early and react to deal with it .

For example , to maintain channels of communication both upwards and downwards ; to monitor their effectiveness and advise on any necessary improvements ; to refine and advise on messages from senior management to employees ; to advise staff on communication techniques and messages .
for example , to maintain channels of communication both upwards and downwards ; to [watch] their effectiveness and advise on any necessary improvements ; to refine and advise on messages from senior management to employees ; to advise staff on communication techniques and messages .

Derek Bumstead , supervisor : Failed ‘ adequately or at all to monitor Mr Hemingway 's working practices ’ , or to plan satisfactorily work on weekend when fatal errors made .
derek bumstead , supervisor : failed ‘ adequately or at all to [watch] mr hemingway 's working practices ’ , or to plan satisfactorily work on weekend when fatal errors made .

The outer building is also an area where recording apparatus can be housed and where the experimenters can monitor the progress of the experiment by closed-circuit television .
the outer building is also an area where recording apparatus can be housed and where the experimenters can [watch] the progress of the experiment by closed-circuit television .

‘ And under the law , it is simply not enough to design a kitchen with good equipment in it — you must now have the means to monitor and control operations , ’ he said .
‘ and under the law , it is simply not enough to design a kitchen with good equipment in it — you must now have the means to [watch] and control operations , ’ he said .

The monitor has four lamps which indicate levels of energy leakage , and an alarm sounds if hazardous levels are found .
the [watch] has four lamps which indicate levels of energy leakage , and an alarm sounds if hazardous levels are found .

Sir : The Royal Statistical Society 's concern ( 'Moves to monitor use of statistics by Government' , 9 October ) has long been shared by the social science community in this country .
sir : the royal statistical society 's concern ( 'moves to [watch] use of statistics by government' , 9 october ) has long been shared by the social science community in this country .

He warned that the private security companies , which would monitor the offender , would be the only ones to benefit .
he warned that the private security companies , which would [watch] the offender , would be the only ones to benefit .

The need to monitor that experiment and the conviction that the court would benefit from improved lines of communication between it and those who used the court , either as practitioners or as litigants , had led to the establishment of a Court of Appeal Users ' Committee , representative of both , which would have its first meeting later this month .
the need to [watch] that experiment and the conviction that the court would benefit from improved lines of communication between it and those who used the court , either as practitioners or as litigants , had led to the establishment of a court of appeal users ' committee , representative of both , which would have its first meeting later this month .

If the decision is made to continue with a circuit , use a well-banked turn and monitor the airspeed every few seconds .
if the decision is made to continue with a circuit , use a well-banked turn and [watch] the airspeed every few seconds .

Stalling on the actual approach is usually caused by failing to monitor the airspeed regularly , or by failing to react to its indications .
stalling on the actual approach is usually caused by failing to [watch] the airspeed regularly , or by failing to react to its indications .

It is therefore vital that each team nominates an observer to monitor what is happening in the arena .
it is therefore vital that each team nominates an observer to [watch] what is happening in the arena .

This routine is designed to increase a person 's pulse rate , and then to monitor its decrease over a set period of time .
this routine is designed to increase a person 's pulse rate , and then to [watch] its decrease over a set period of time .

We are later tolerantly informed — in the presiding idiom of the book , by a narrator keen , as ever , to monitor Patrick 's impressions — that the smell was not atrocious : ‘ not strong but easily perceptible , like a large zoo passed at a distance .
we are later tolerantly informed — in the presiding idiom of the book , by a narrator keen , as ever , to [watch] patrick 's impressions — that the smell was not atrocious : ‘ not strong but easily perceptible , like a large zoo passed at a distance .

On ascent , the ascent speed monitor becomes visible .
on ascent , the ascent speed [watch] becomes visible .

But video installation calls the viewer into spatial relationship with the object , a relationship carried over into a sculptural understanding of even single monitor works .
but video installation calls the viewer into spatial relationship with the object , a relationship carried over into a sculptural understanding of even single [watch] works .

The British government admits that these tests are used , not to monitor but to update British nuclear stockpile .
the british government admits that these tests are used , not to [watch] but to update british nuclear stockpile .

Britain and Hong Kong claim they are eager for international agencies to monitor the resettlement of the illegal migrants , just as is already being done for those boat people who have returned voluntarily .
britain and hong kong claim they are eager for international agencies to [watch] the resettlement of the illegal migrants , just as is already being done for those boat people who have returned voluntarily .

Then thirdly , make quite sure the objective is implemented properly , so you have to monitor .
then thirdly , make quite sure the objective is implemented properly , so you have to [watch] .

You do n't monitor day in and day out , hanging over the shoulders of individuals but periodically you go in and question why people are not meeting deadlines they 've agreed to .
you do n't [watch] day in and day out , hanging over the shoulders of individuals but periodically you go in and question why people are not meeting deadlines they 've agreed to .

‘ Choose people well , train them well , give them their heads , but you have to monitor their performance as well , , he advises .
‘ choose people well , train them well , give them their heads , but you have to [watch] their performance as well , , he advises .

Howard Davies , the commission 's controller , says that , as schools are given more financial and managerial independence over the next few years , authorities should monitor quality on behalf of ratepayers and parents , rather than pretending that all their schools are equally good .
howard davies , the commission 's controller , says that , as schools are given more financial and managerial independence over the next few years , authorities should [watch] quality on behalf of ratepayers and parents , rather than pretending that all their schools are equally good .

Next , according to those who monitor the pattern of complaints , come certain regiments of the regular army ; then the Army in general ; and finally the Royal Ulster Constabulary .
next , according to those who [watch] the pattern of complaints , come certain regiments of the regular army ; then the army in general ; and finally the royal ulster constabulary .

Use of plants to monitor heavy metals in freshwater is one of a series of booklets detailing recommended methods for determining the quality of water and associated materials .
use of plants to [watch] heavy metals in freshwater is one of a series of booklets detailing recommended methods for determining the quality of water and associated materials .

This booklet focuses on using tissue analysis , which depends on metal accumulation , to monitor heavy metal levels , but also mentions the use of bioassays and toxicity tests and the measurement of genetic tolerance and community structure ( these methods are based on techniques other than accumulation ) .
this booklet focuses on using tissue analysis , which depends on metal accumulation , to [watch] heavy metal levels , but also mentions the use of bioassays and toxicity tests and the measurement of genetic tolerance and community structure ( these methods are based on techniques other than accumulation ) .

Residue monitor .
residue [watch] .

Chemists can extract gas from transformer oil , a process which enables operational engineers to monitor potential overheating or electrical problems within oil-filled transformers .
chemists can extract gas from transformer oil , a process which enables operational engineers to [watch] potential overheating or electrical problems within oil-filled transformers .

Examples of the satisfaction gained ranged from ‘ being able to use condition scoring techniques to monitor feeding of the ewes ’ to ‘ being able to undertake major welding repairs and construct an ‘ A-frame ’ structure for a roof '' .
examples of the satisfaction gained ranged from ‘ being able to use condition scoring techniques to [watch] feeding of the ewes ’ to ‘ being able to undertake major welding repairs and construct an ‘ a-frame ’ structure for a roof '' .

The monitor showed the street outside in snowy black and white .
the [watch] showed the street outside in snowy black and white .

The pressure on the analyst to increase productivity — to report more results — leaves little or no time to monitor the system .
the pressure on the analyst to increase productivity — to report more results — leaves little or no time to [watch] the system .

Legislation monitor .
legislation [watch] .

Health and safety monitor is a monthly newsletter that distils into 8–10 pages the essential facts about the latest statutes , regulations , directives , consultative documents , and codes of practice etc on health and safety issues .
health and safety [watch] is a monthly newsletter that distils into 8–10 pages the essential facts about the latest statutes , regulations , directives , consultative documents , and codes of practice etc on health and safety issues .

The monitor aims to bring managers up to date with legislation and their responsibilities .
the [watch] aims to bring managers up to date with legislation and their responsibilities .

Copies are available by subscription , price £104 pa , from Health and safety monitor .
copies are available by subscription , price £104 pa , from health and safety [watch] .

Monitor .
[watch] .

New from Neotronics is Safe-T-Cube which enables a Neotronics personal gas monitor to become an area monitor without any change to the instrument itself .
new from neotronics is safe-t-cube which enables a neotronics personal gas [watch] to become an area [watch] without any change to the instrument itself .

It is designed to accommodate the Exotox 60 , 70 or 75 and MiniGas multi-gas monitors which give protection against up to five gases ( oxygen , flammable and toxic gases ) and also monitor temperature and relative humidity .
it is designed to accommodate the exotox 60 , 70 or 75 and minigas multi-gas monitors which give protection against up to five gases ( oxygen , flammable and toxic gases ) and also [watch] temperature and relative humidity .

Personal monitor .
personal [watch] .

The Analox protector personal hazard monitor , from Biosystems , is now available from Scottish Anglo Environmental Protection .
the analox protector personal hazard [watch] , from biosystems , is now available from scottish anglo environmental protection .

In terms of visiting and recorded contacts with other agencies , the specialist team displayed a clearer pattern of activities than the other teams : while cases remained open they visited more , and did not ‘ monitor only ’ ; if closed and re-opened , cases came back for re-assessment in fewer numbers ; and in both categories the rate of contacts with other agencies was higher .
in terms of visiting and recorded contacts with other agencies , the specialist team displayed a clearer pattern of activities than the other teams : while cases remained open they visited more , and did not ‘ [watch] only ’ ; if closed and re-opened , cases came back for re-assessment in fewer numbers ; and in both categories the rate of contacts with other agencies was higher .

The object was to monitor change in the services provided in Nottinghamshire and to evaluate the work of the CMHTs .
the object was to [watch] change in the services provided in nottinghamshire and to evaluate the work of the cmhts .

The latter stages of cognitive therapy are more explicitly cognitive and clients are asked to monitor their down-turns in mood using a Thought Record .
the latter stages of cognitive therapy are more explicitly cognitive and clients are asked to [watch] their down-turns in mood using a thought record .

The theory of outcome measurement they constructed was then used to develop a comprehensive system of assessment which could monitor the development of all children for whom local authorities take responsibility .
the theory of outcome measurement they constructed was then used to develop a comprehensive system of assessment which could [watch] the development of all children for whom local authorities take responsibility .

Several respondents commented that both foster parents and children had enjoyed participating in an exercise which provided them with concrete proof of achievements and which sought to monitor progress systematically .
several respondents commented that both foster parents and children had enjoyed participating in an exercise which provided them with concrete proof of achievements and which sought to [watch] progress systematically .

Moves to monitor use of statistics by Government
moves to [watch] use of statistics by government

The honorary secretary of the Royal Statistical Society denies in a letter published on this page today that there are plans to set up an independent council to monitor the Government 's use of statistics , but such a development would be desirable .
the honorary secretary of the royal statistical society denies in a letter published on this page today that there are plans to set up an independent council to [watch] the government 's use of statistics , but such a development would be desirable .

Hundreds of thousands of small , sometimes hidden , cameras have been installed in the last decade , mainly to detect crime or monitor traffic .
hundreds of thousands of small , sometimes hidden , cameras have been installed in the last decade , mainly to detect crime or [watch] traffic .

But some of the data shown by the monitor did n't seem to make too much sense .
but some of the data shown by the [watch] did n't seem to make too much sense .

On the minus side , the performance monitor took time to become familiar with .
on the minus side , the performance [watch] took time to become familiar with .

Italian firm Same-Lamborghini brought over a pair of tractors for the Royal show with its extraordinary Global Monitor video system first seen at the Italian Bologna show .
italian firm same-lamborghini brought over a pair of tractors for the royal show with its extraordinary global [watch] video system first seen at the italian bologna show .

This uses a video camera mounted on the tractor roof matched to a monitor screen on the dashboard to give the driver a view of what 's going on behind him without the need to turn round .
this uses a video camera mounted on the tractor roof matched to a [watch] screen on the dashboard to give the driver a view of what 's going on behind him without the need to turn round .

Most people wear watches , some keep diaries : we continually monitor the passage of time and keep records of the sequence of events .
most people wear watches , some keep diaries : we continually [watch] the passage of time and keep records of the sequence of events .

Monitor the result
[watch] the result

Only a small proportion of this total are in fact suspect , say the surveyors who accuse the societies of over-reaction in the wake of the discrediting of the standard test used to monitor impurities .
only a small proportion of this total are in fact suspect , say the surveyors who accuse the societies of over-reaction in the wake of the discrediting of the standard test used to [watch] impurities .

The Campaign has branches throughout the country , which organise regular meetings , social activities and brewery trips and also monitor any changes in local breweries and their beers .
the campaign has branches throughout the country , which organise regular meetings , social activities and brewery trips and also [watch] any changes in local breweries and their beers .

Age Concern England has urged the Government to monitor more closely the provision by health authorities of continuing care , and has made a number of recommendations about how this might be done .
age concern england has urged the government to [watch] more closely the provision by health authorities of continuing care , and has made a number of recommendations about how this might be done .

Monitor the appropriate amplifier test point with a voltmeter or calibrated oscilloscope and rotate the Helmholtz coils and sensor to give zero volts .
[watch] the appropriate amplifier test point with a voltmeter or calibrated oscilloscope and rotate the helmholtz coils and sensor to give zero volts .

For a colour monitor , more than one bit is needed to describe each pixel , and there are two approaches to this .
for a colour [watch] , more than one bit is needed to describe each pixel , and there are two approaches to this .

For a 16 colour monitor , there would be four such sequences of bytes in different blocks of memory , each starting from a different base address .
for a 16 colour [watch] , there would be four such sequences of bytes in different blocks of memory , each starting from a different base address .

He edited a new journal , the British Studies Monitor , and was an active figure in the New England Historical Association , the North American Conference on British Studies , and other professional societies .
he edited a new journal , the british studies [watch] , and was an active figure in the new england historical association , the north american conference on british studies , and other professional societies .

The obligation to urinate on demand offends many employees , particularly when an offical monitor — given the Orwellian title of ‘ Collection Site Person ’ in government regulations — stands by to guard against deceptive practices .
the obligation to urinate on demand offends many employees , particularly when an offical [watch] — given the orwellian title of ‘ collection site person ’ in government regulations — stands by to guard against deceptive practices .

It is said to have made no provision for the protection of sea lochs , to operate without an overall development plan , and to have made little attempt to monitor the farms it has approved .
it is said to have made no provision for the protection of sea lochs , to operate without an overall development plan , and to have made little attempt to [watch] the farms it has approved .

The major stumbling block is the unwillingness of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to monitor the well-being of the returned boat people in Vietnam .
the major stumbling block is the unwillingness of the united nations high commissioner for refugees to [watch] the well-being of the returned boat people in vietnam .

The Community would monitor Hungary 's programme to restructure its economy on more market-oriented lines , and disburse the second and third tranches of the money only if satisfied about progress .
the community would [watch] hungary 's programme to restructure its economy on more market-oriented lines , and disburse the second and third tranches of the money only if satisfied about progress .

Mr Hurd also announced that former Labour cabinet minister , Lord Ennals , would accompany Mr Timothy Raison , a Tory ex-immigration minister , to Vietnam next month to act as independent observers , bolstering the efforts of Britain 's tiny diplomatic mission in Hanoi to monitor the 51 's safe return .
mr hurd also announced that former labour cabinet minister , lord ennals , would accompany mr timothy raison , a tory ex-immigration minister , to vietnam next month to act as independent observers , bolstering the efforts of britain 's tiny diplomatic mission in hanoi to [watch] the 51 's safe return .

Mr Baker also proposed establishing a permanent Nato arms control verification staff to monitor compliance with arms reduction and confidence building measures .
mr baker also proposed establishing a permanent nato arms control verification staff to [watch] compliance with arms reduction and confidence building measures .

The Community would monitor Hungary 's programme to restructure its economy on more market-oriented lines , and disburse the second and third tranches of the money only if satisfied about progress .
the community would [watch] hungary 's programme to restructure its economy on more market-oriented lines , and disburse the second and third tranches of the money only if satisfied about progress .

As well as being responsible for all viewers ' and listeners ' complaints , the council will also monitor programmes from outside Britain but received here .
as well as being responsible for all viewers ' and listeners ' complaints , the council will also [watch] programmes from outside britain but received here .

As well as being responsible for all viewers ' and listeners ' complaints , the council will also monitor programmes from outside the United Kingdom which can be received here , ‘ to ascertain how violence and sexual conduct are portrayed ’ .
as well as being responsible for all viewers ' and listeners ' complaints , the council will also [watch] programmes from outside the united kingdom which can be received here , ‘ to ascertain how violence and sexual conduct are portrayed ’ .

Altman focused on females in the troop , because it is easier to monitor their reproductive success reliably than that of males .
altman focused on females in the troop , because it is easier to [watch] their reproductive success reliably than that of males .

The nitrate problem has taught us that to protect our drinking water , we must monitor the unsaturated zone .
the nitrate problem has taught us that to protect our drinking water , we must [watch] the unsaturated zone .

They talked together about the tests ( and Isobel thanked God she understood so little of it ; it all sounded so complicated and unfriendly ) , and she watched the baby on the monitor screen high on the wall and the patterns on the machines , the ones linked up to the cot with its attachments for measuring his heartbeats and his breathing and his body temperature .
they talked together about the tests ( and isobel thanked god she understood so little of it ; it all sounded so complicated and unfriendly ) , and she watched the baby on the [watch] screen high on the wall and the patterns on the machines , the ones linked up to the cot with its attachments for measuring his heartbeats and his breathing and his body temperature .

Elsa and Vernon can get on with checking the endocrine levels this morning , and that will leave young Isaacs to monitor today 's stuff .
elsa and vernon can get on with checking the endocrine levels this morning , and that will leave young isaacs to [watch] today 's stuff .

He went into the monitoring room , and as the door swung open she could see Mr. Kegan and Miss Hervey talking over the banks of monitor screens , and she stepped back out of their sight .
he went into the monitoring room , and as the door swung open she could see mr. kegan and miss hervey talking over the banks of [watch] screens , and she stepped back out of their sight .

The camera swung again , but this time George looked above it , to a monitor screen hung on a metal rafter above the audience , to see his own face in close-up , the eyes staring upward in a way that gave him an absurdly soulful look .
the camera swung again , but this time george looked above it , to a [watch] screen hung on a metal rafter above the audience , to see his own face in close-up , the eyes staring upward in a way that gave him an absurdly soulful look .

Above his head , George saw the monitor black out , and then a few words faded in .
above his head , george saw the [watch] black out , and then a few words faded in .

‘ All right , Julian , back on camera four , ’ Gerrard was shouting , and then the monitor lit up again , and Gerrard said smoothly , ‘ Well , sorry for that momentary interruption , ladies and gentlemen .
‘ all right , julian , back on camera four , ’ gerrard was shouting , and then the [watch] lit up again , and gerrard said smoothly , ‘ well , sorry for that momentary interruption , ladies and gentlemen .

The Equal Opportunities Commission was established under the 1975 Act to monitor its implementation , give advice and play a part in its enforcement .
the equal opportunities commission was established under the 1975 act to [watch] its implementation , give advice and play a part in its enforcement .

The Elton Committee suggested that because of the concern in schools about the fact that LEAs will often be able to order reinstatement against the wishes of parents and governors , the Secretary of State should monitor the operation of the new arrangements for five years and consider any changes that appear necessary .
the elton committee suggested that because of the concern in schools about the fact that leas will often be able to order reinstatement against the wishes of parents and governors , the secretary of state should [watch] the operation of the new arrangements for five years and consider any changes that appear necessary .

In fact there are so many that without the use of sophisticated computers it would be impossible to monitor them all .
in fact there are so many that without the use of sophisticated computers it would be impossible to [watch] them all .

For these purposes teachers will need to keep samples of children 's writing in order to monitor its range and development over the course of a key stage ; and they will need systematic means of recording and appraising the ways in which pupils approach writing tasks , including talking about what they are doing and why .
for these purposes teachers will need to keep samples of children 's writing in order to [watch] its range and development over the course of a key stage ; and they will need systematic means of recording and appraising the ways in which pupils approach writing tasks , including talking about what they are doing and why .

Greenpeace had taken one of its boats , the Cedarlea , to monitor the radioactivity at the end of the Sellafield discharge pipeline .
greenpeace had taken one of its boats , the cedarlea , to [watch] the radioactivity at the end of the sellafield discharge pipeline .

Unfortunately , however , the inquiry did little for public confidence in the independent judicial monitor .
unfortunately , however , the inquiry did little for public confidence in the independent judicial [watch] .

My application for a warrant to monitor Mr. Cox 's telephone communications was made in April 1983 .
my application for a warrant to [watch] mr. cox 's telephone communications was made in april 1983 .

This is a major advance on the pre-existing system of judicial monitoring where the Government agreed only to the publication of the first but not the succeeding reports of the monitor .
this is a major advance on the pre-existing system of judicial monitoring where the government agreed only to the publication of the first but not the succeeding reports of the [watch] .

And this is why it will be particularly damaging to introduce the tests proposed by the Secretary of State to monitor what children know and can do at fixed ages , 7 , 11 , and 14 .
and this is why it will be particularly damaging to introduce the tests proposed by the secretary of state to [watch] what children know and can do at fixed ages , 7 , 11 , and 14 .

In all cases , the general practitioner continues to monitor the patient 's condition , prescribing any necessary drugs , such as those needed to control high blood pressure .
in all cases , the general practitioner continues to [watch] the patient 's condition , prescribing any necessary drugs , such as those needed to control high blood pressure .

Overeating through boredom is a greater danger , so you should monitor the patient quite carefully to make sure he is not putting on excess weight .
overeating through boredom is a greater danger , so you should [watch] the patient quite carefully to make sure he is not putting on excess weight .

However , we monitor all reports of building failures in Britain and we have come across no evidence of interstitial condensation causing structural rot in practice .
however , we [watch] all reports of building failures in britain and we have come across no evidence of interstitial condensation causing structural rot in practice .

closely monitor the new private water companies in their use of land
closely [watch] the new private water companies in their use of land

monitor current prescriptions to make sure that children are not using them for their first experiments with drugs .
[watch] current prescriptions to make sure that children are not using them for their first experiments with drugs .

The children should take one bottle each , or the milk should be distributed one-to-one by a ‘ monitor ’ .
the children should take one bottle each , or the milk should be distributed one-to-one by a ‘ [watch] ’ .

To monitor and evaluate training activities in the region .
to [watch] and evaluate training activities in the region .

To monitor the course of the project , that is , to study the implementation of the action project design , to find out whether it operated in the way envisaged , using the means planned , and to examine any problems which arose and any unanticipated consequences .
to [watch] the course of the project , that is , to study the implementation of the action project design , to find out whether it operated in the way envisaged , using the means planned , and to examine any problems which arose and any unanticipated consequences .

In order to monitor the implementation of the action project plans , a variety of data collection sources were used : study of project records ; regular interviews of the development officers by the research team ; attendance and recording of discussions at project meetings or other occasions ; discussions with other professionals affected by or involved in the implementation of the project .
in order to [watch] the implementation of the action project plans , a variety of data collection sources were used : study of project records ; regular interviews of the development officers by the research team ; attendance and recording of discussions at project meetings or other occasions ; discussions with other professionals affected by or involved in the implementation of the project .

In each case the team 's community psychiatric nurse or social worker was designated as key worker and would continue to monitor every patient , as well as to obtain or increase other services when they thought necessary .
in each case the team 's community psychiatric nurse or social worker was designated as key worker and would continue to [watch] every patient , as well as to obtain or increase other services when they thought necessary .

The development officer therefore could not provide even frequent direct help — the most she could manage was to monitor the situation ( which in fact broke down five months after her referral , when the client was admitted to residential care under a guardianship order ) .
the development officer therefore could not provide even frequent direct help — the most she could manage was to [watch] the situation ( which in fact broke down five months after her referral , when the client was admitted to residential care under a guardianship order ) .

identify information needed to monitor and control cash
identify information needed to [watch] and control cash

Statistical analysis of the trade 's output has been greatly enhanced by the regular Euromonitor book reports , based upon the government business monitor for books and the Publishers Association 's statistics collection scheme .
statistical analysis of the trade 's output has been greatly enhanced by the regular euromonitor book reports , based upon the government business [watch] for books and the publishers association 's statistics collection scheme .

With the decline of renal function it is extremely important to monitor serum electrolytes closely , especially in those on diuretic therapy .
with the decline of renal function it is extremely important to [watch] serum electrolytes closely , especially in those on diuretic therapy .

Patients do not need to home monitor every day when their diabetes is stable but rather two or three days a week testing three or four times during the day .
patients do not need to home [watch] every day when their diabetes is stable but rather two or three days a week testing three or four times during the day .

Monitor and Control
[watch] and control

The most difficult part of the exercise , apart from handling the sheer volume of data that was being produced , was deciding what was meant by ‘ monitor and control ’ for each system element , and then drawing out the related information .
the most difficult part of the exercise , apart from handling the sheer volume of data that was being produced , was deciding what was meant by ‘ [watch] and control ’ for each system element , and then drawing out the related information .

There is a tendency for analysts to add monitor and control to system models almost as an afterthought , just to meet the requirements of the formal model .
there is a tendency for analysts to add [watch] and control to system models almost as an afterthought , just to meet the requirements of the formal model .

Monitor and control
[watch] and control

Stage 5 . Monitor Appropriate Indicators
stage 5 . [watch] appropriate indicators

Now we have the prospect of organisations which must establish objectives , identify priorities within those objectives , allocate resources and then monitor expenditure against and the achievement of those priorities and objectives .
now we have the prospect of organisations which must establish objectives , identify priorities within those objectives , allocate resources and then [watch] expenditure against and the achievement of those priorities and objectives .

Not only does this allow the clinical group to monitor and modify their own treatment programmes but subsequently through the introduction of costing systems enable clinicians and managers to come together to plan case-mix and future service patterns .
not only does this allow the clinical group to [watch] and modify their own treatment programmes but subsequently through the introduction of costing systems enable clinicians and managers to come together to plan case-mix and future service patterns .

Whilst , for the director , there exists possible conflict between maximising provision for patient care at an individual level and the need to monitor and control expenditure at a directorate level .
whilst , for the director , there exists possible conflict between maximising provision for patient care at an individual level and the need to [watch] and control expenditure at a directorate level .

In simpler ways , libraries may deliberately remove certain reference works from their regular places on the shelves and then monitor reader reactions .
in simpler ways , libraries may deliberately remove certain reference works from their regular places on the shelves and then [watch] reader reactions .

At the end of each row was the monitor who marked the attendance which , if regular , entitled you to a Prize at the end of the year , a book chosen from a list by the recipient and presented at the Annual Service on Low Sunday .
at the end of each row was the [watch] who marked the attendance which , if regular , entitled you to a prize at the end of the year , a book chosen from a list by the recipient and presented at the annual service on low sunday .

If you do not so trust them , then correspondingly elaborate testing procedures are required to monitor their impact and effectiveness .
if you do not so trust them , then correspondingly elaborate testing procedures are required to [watch] their impact and effectiveness .

When one hears and sees the grids and axes within which the teachers are being encouraged to monitor the progress of each child , it ought to be sufficient to give any sane person pause for thought !
when one hears and sees the grids and axes within which the teachers are being encouraged to [watch] the progress of each child , it ought to be sufficient to give any sane person pause for thought !

Put another way , each teacher is required to monitor and record for each child , within the primary sector , progress under the attainment targets in maths , science , English and technology alone , no less than 497 separate differentiated statements of attainment for each child .
put another way , each teacher is required to [watch] and record for each child , within the primary sector , progress under the attainment targets in maths , science , english and technology alone , no less than 497 separate differentiated statements of attainment for each child .

They are going to have to learn how to monitor it : how to concentrate their professional expertise on what happens in the classroom , in the interaction of teacher and taught , and how to improve it .
they are going to have to learn how to [watch] it : how to concentrate their professional expertise on what happens in the classroom , in the interaction of teacher and taught , and how to improve it .

So , it is necessary to define objectives , plan for them , and monitor progress .
so , it is necessary to define objectives , plan for them , and [watch] progress .

To achieve all this , and monitor it , requires detailed preparation , preferably including a presentation by the manager of the hotel in which the place of the scheme in the hotel 's activities is explained , and the expectations made of students , including working hours ( not necessarily the same as those of the college ) , lines of communication and responsibility , and details of accommodation and remuneration ( free food ?
to achieve all this , and [watch] it , requires detailed preparation , preferably including a presentation by the manager of the hotel in which the place of the scheme in the hotel 's activities is explained , and the expectations made of students , including working hours ( not necessarily the same as those of the college ) , lines of communication and responsibility , and details of accommodation and remuneration ( free food ?

And all the while we monitor to keep tabs on what is happening and to get the feedback we need to make in-flight adjustments .
and all the while we [watch] to keep tabs on what is happening and to get the feedback we need to make in-flight adjustments .

An alternative system is the ‘ checklist approach ’ , where you decide in advance which verbal and/or non-verbal behaviours you are going to observe and devise a number of categories to monitor behaviour against .
an alternative system is the ‘ checklist approach ’ , where you decide in advance which verbal and/or non-verbal behaviours you are going to observe and devise a number of categories to [watch] behaviour against .

On this model the local authority would be left with a limited number of central staff concerned to monitor and regulate service delivery organized by private concerns — for example , in street cleaning and refuse disposal — or undertaken by autonomous voluntary agencies — such as housing associations or schools directly managed by elected governors .
on this model the local authority would be left with a limited number of central staff concerned to [watch] and regulate service delivery organized by private concerns — for example , in street cleaning and refuse disposal — or undertaken by autonomous voluntary agencies — such as housing associations or schools directly managed by elected governors .

The caretaker has had to learn to cost items , control his stock ( in a specially provided store area ) , to anticipate demands and monitor the building in a variety of different ways .
the caretaker has had to learn to cost items , control his stock ( in a specially provided store area ) , to anticipate demands and [watch] the building in a variety of different ways .

be able to monitor the money ;
be able to [watch] the money ;

Performance indicators ( increasingly referred to in the current climate as ‘ success criteria ’ ) were to be decided at school level , according to what each school felt to be useful areas to monitor .
performance indicators ( increasingly referred to in the current climate as ‘ success criteria ’ ) were to be decided at school level , according to what each school felt to be useful areas to [watch] .

The 1944 Education Act laid a responsibility on LEAs to monitor the work of their schools and this has been strengthened in the 1988 Education Reform Act .
the 1944 education act laid a responsibility on leas to [watch] the work of their schools and this has been strengthened in the 1988 education reform act .

Local education authorities will need to monitor these variations between schools to see whether there is any correlation between particular decisions about spending and a school 's performance .
local education authorities will need to [watch] these variations between schools to see whether there is any correlation between particular decisions about spending and a school 's performance .

Local education authorities will need to know about expenditure decisions so that they can monitor the effects and advise other governing bodies addressing the same question later .
local education authorities will need to know about expenditure decisions so that they can [watch] the effects and advise other governing bodies addressing the same question later .

Grant could make out some pretty sophisticated-looking electronic hardware massed down one wall in addition to a cardiac visual display monitor and the usual paraphernalia of an intensive care unit .
grant could make out some pretty sophisticated-looking electronic hardware massed down one wall in addition to a cardiac visual display [watch] and the usual paraphernalia of an intensive care unit .

While the short-term effects of hazardous chemicals are relatively easy to identify , monitor and control , some chemicals enter food chains and may accumulate in living organisms , including human beings .
while the short-term effects of hazardous chemicals are relatively easy to identify , [watch] and control , some chemicals enter food chains and may accumulate in living organisms , including human beings .

Hilgard thinks that these procedures cause the normal ‘ monitor ’ of reality to retreat into the background and allow another part of consciousness , temporarily ‘ split off ’ from the reality monitor , to become active independently .
hilgard thinks that these procedures cause the normal ‘ [watch] ’ of reality to retreat into the background and allow another part of consciousness , temporarily ‘ split off ’ from the reality [watch] , to become active independently .

At the centre , dispatchers keep track of taxis on monitor screens , which can display up to five cabs per pole .
at the centre , dispatchers keep track of taxis on [watch] screens , which can display up to five cabs per pole .

And by that time , astronomers could monitor such minuscule changes ( less than one per cent ) — either directly with new radiation detectors on board orbiting satellites , or indirectly from the ground by analysing particular lines in the Sun 's spectrum .
and by that time , astronomers could [watch] such minuscule changes ( less than one per cent ) — either directly with new radiation detectors on board orbiting satellites , or indirectly from the ground by analysing particular lines in the sun 's spectrum .

The fireman will be another casualty of the modern steam age : his place in the cab will be taken by a computer which will monitor the coal feed closely , to keep smoke down to an absolute minimum .
the fireman will be another casualty of the modern steam age : his place in the cab will be taken by a computer which will [watch] the coal feed closely , to keep smoke down to an absolute minimum .

‘ Almost 15 years to the day after the first pulsar was found at Cambridge … ’ ( Monitor , 2 December , p 562 ) . What was it doing there ?
‘ almost 15 years to the day after the first pulsar was found at cambridge … ’ ( [watch] , 2 december , p 562 ) . what was it doing there ?

Your selection of the MacDonald and Wimpey story from The Phyrologist , ‘ Scientists make first plant-animal hybrid ’ ( Monitor , 31 March , p 888 ) was a delight .
your selection of the macdonald and wimpey story from the phyrologist , ‘ scientists make first plant-animal hybrid ’ ( [watch] , 31 march , p 888 ) was a delight .

Monitor editor
[watch] editor

The ‘ driver ’ watches the vehicle 's progress on a colour television monitor .
the ‘ driver ’ watches the vehicle 's progress on a colour television [watch] .

It includes experimental systems that provide tactile feedback from a monitor image .
it includes experimental systems that provide tactile feedback from a [watch] image .

Such counsel was sadly missing from Monitor 's ( 10 March .
such counsel was sadly missing from [watch] 's ( 10 march .

It is ironic that the organisation which is researching into the falling hare population , the Game Conservancy ( Monitor . 10 March , receives support from the fieldsportsmen , the same people who in hunting counties , encourage foxes to bred in artificial earths , thus producing an increase in foxes which is a contributory factor in the decline of the hare ( being 20 per cent to 30 per cent of the rural foxes ' diet ) !
it is ironic that the organisation which is researching into the falling hare population , the game conservancy ( [watch] . 10 march , receives support from the fieldsportsmen , the same people who in hunting counties , encourage foxes to bred in artificial earths , thus producing an increase in foxes which is a contributory factor in the decline of the hare ( being 20 per cent to 30 per cent of the rural foxes ' diet ) !

Polonium was found on air filters set up to monitor the Windscale cloud in Harwell , Oxfordshire and in the Netherlands .
polonium was found on air filters set up to [watch] the windscale cloud in harwell , oxfordshire and in the netherlands .

Last year Toshiba and Hitachi joined hands with six Japanese utilities and two nuclear power plants in a £33–6 million plan to develop robots to monitor heavy plant .
last year toshiba and hitachi joined hands with six japanese utilities and two nuclear power plants in a £33–6 million plan to develop robots to [watch] heavy plant .

Europe to monitor trade in toxic waste
europe to [watch] trade in toxic waste

Alert readers of Monitor will have remembered a recent report on the experimental use of a demethylating drug for an inherited anaemia ( New Scientist , vol 96 , p 725 ) .
alert readers of [watch] will have remembered a recent report on the experimental use of a demethylating drug for an inherited anaemia ( new scientist , vol 96 , p 725 ) .

Drugs monitor needs sharper teeth
drugs [watch] needs sharper teeth

And it could monitor the implementation of disarmament treaties .
and it could [watch] the implementation of disarmament treaties .

An international agency could monitor compliance with international arms regulations , such as those banning the military use of chemicals and bacteria .
an international agency could [watch] compliance with international arms regulations , such as those banning the military use of chemicals and bacteria .

In our article ‘ The secret life of the soil ’ ( Monitor , 2 December 1982 p 564 ) we commented that the annual input of carbon into a particular soil under wheat was remarkably low , considering the size of the soil microbial biomass .
in our article ‘ the secret life of the soil ’ ( [watch] , 2 december 1982 p 564 ) we commented that the annual input of carbon into a particular soil under wheat was remarkably low , considering the size of the soil microbial biomass .

( Monitor , 2 January , p 21 ) 1 .
( [watch] , 2 january , p 21 ) 1 .

If the eye 's owner employs the more obvious technique of closing the eye , it is no longer able to monitor the predator 's movements .
if the eye 's owner employs the more obvious technique of closing the eye , it is no longer able to [watch] the predator 's movements .

The Treaty of Canterbury was signed later the same month and included among its provisions of the establishment of an Intergovernmental Commission to monitor the execution of the concession , and a Safety Authority which advises the Commission on all safety matters relating to the construction and operation of the Tunnel .
the treaty of canterbury was signed later the same month and included among its provisions of the establishment of an intergovernmental commission to [watch] the execution of the concession , and a safety authority which advises the commission on all safety matters relating to the construction and operation of the tunnel .

The partner concerned will need to develop control systems to enable him to monitor progress and to satisfy himself about quality control and supervision .
the partner concerned will need to develop control systems to enable him to [watch] progress and to satisfy himself about quality control and supervision .

Flies taste with their feet , planaria ( aquatic flatworms ) unerringly follow scents in water , sharks monitor the electrical nervous activity of their prey , knife fish use electrical radar ( three-dimensional echo location ) , electric eels hunt the knife fish by homing in on their radar bleeps , while migrating birds are sensitive to the earth 's magnetic field and polarized light .
flies taste with their feet , planaria ( aquatic flatworms ) unerringly follow scents in water , sharks [watch] the electrical nervous activity of their prey , knife fish use electrical radar ( three-dimensional echo location ) , electric eels hunt the knife fish by homing in on their radar bleeps , while migrating birds are sensitive to the earth 's magnetic field and polarized light .

Account executives at the insurer , who monitor its agents , had Wright marked down as a man with constant cash flow problems — he was always hassling them for his commission .
account executives at the insurer , who [watch] its agents , had wright marked down as a man with constant cash flow problems — he was always hassling them for his commission .

Radio-HPLC monitor .
radio-hplc [watch] .

To monitor the extent to which the teacher group activities help participants to engender study or information skills initiatives in their schools.7
to [watch] the extent to which the teacher group activities help participants to engender study or information skills initiatives in their schools.7

Staff working in centres in which facilities for attempted suicide patients are developed should endeavour to monitor trends in the behaviour in their area .
staff working in centres in which facilities for attempted suicide patients are developed should endeavour to [watch] trends in the behaviour in their area .

Despite this major problem , banks must endeavour to monitor the external debt position of countries .
despite this major problem , banks must endeavour to [watch] the external debt position of countries .

You can not always be on hand ( and nor would you wish to be ) to monitor your child .
you can not always be on hand ( and nor would you wish to be ) to [watch] your child .

You can use the rating scale to monitor changes over time in your youngster 's ability to cope with provocations .
you can use the rating scale to [watch] changes over time in your youngster 's ability to cope with provocations .

Individual manufacturers can monitor their own stock and sales to look for trends .
individual manufacturers can [watch] their own stock and sales to look for trends .

But increasingly attempts are made to monitor a more general concept : the degree of confidence consumers have in the economy and in their own purchasing power .
but increasingly attempts are made to [watch] a more general concept : the degree of confidence consumers have in the economy and in their own purchasing power .

Most countries in the world attempt to monitor the total value of their output , or gross national product .
most countries in the world attempt to [watch] the total value of their output , or gross national product .

Considerable public pressure is being put on governments and large companies to utilise energy sources other than nuclear power for industry and commerce , and there are strident demands for stricter supervision to prevent accidents and to monitor the disposal of nuclear waste products .
considerable public pressure is being put on governments and large companies to utilise energy sources other than nuclear power for industry and commerce , and there are strident demands for stricter supervision to prevent accidents and to [watch] the disposal of nuclear waste products .

It should now be clear that you need to monitor the patient in order to know what to do .
it should now be clear that you need to [watch] the patient in order to know what to do .

For instance , in 1995 , the Labor Department sponsored the Apparel Industry Partnership , in which a number of U.S. apparel manufacturers , UNITE ! , the National Consumers League , the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility and others agreed to monitor compliance with labor standards of contractors.30 These initiatives also have limitations .
for instance , in 1995 , the labor department sponsored the apparel industry partnership , in which a number of u.s. apparel manufacturers , unite ! , the national consumers league , the interfaith center on corporate responsibility and others agreed to [watch] compliance with labor standards of contractors.30 these initiatives also have limitations .

Beginning in the late 1970s , Wal-Mart sought to reduce its costs by using emerging information technologies to track consumer sales at the checkout counter , monitor its inventory of goods within and across stores , and then supply its stores on an ongoing basis via highly efficient , centralized distribution methods .
beginning in the late 1970s , wal-mart sought to reduce its costs by using emerging information technologies to track consumer sales at the checkout counter , [watch] its inventory of goods within and across stores , and then supply its stores on an ongoing basis via highly efficient , centralized distribution methods .

Through the use of its own proprietary standard , Wal-Mart gathered and exchanged information among its stores , distribution centers , and the main office in Bentonville , Arkansas , to monitor sales , place orders based on those sales , track shipments to the distribution centers , and coordinate the flow of materials and information throughout the system.30 By the early 1980s , the company ’ s investments in this information system—including satellite links to handle its immense amount of daily data—totaled more than $ 700 million .
through the use of its own proprietary standard , wal-mart gathered and exchanged information among its stores , distribution centers , and the main office in bentonville , arkansas , to [watch] sales , place orders based on those sales , track shipments to the distribution centers , and coordinate the flow of materials and information throughout the system.30 by the early 1980s , the company ’ s investments in this information system—including satellite links to handle its immense amount of daily data—totaled more than $ 700 million .

In the words of Lou Pritchett , Procter & Gamble ’ s vice president of sales at the time , “ P & G could monitor Wal-Mart ’ s inventory and data and then use that information to make its own production and shipping plans with a great deal more efficiency .
in the words of lou pritchett , procter & gamble ’ s vice president of sales at the time , “ p & g could [watch] wal-mart ’ s inventory and data and then use that information to make its own production and shipping plans with a great deal more efficiency .

Precipitous turns lead to the observatory of the University of Paris , strategically perched to monitor the Pelée volcano .
precipitous turns lead to the observatory of the university of paris , strategically perched to [watch] the pelée volcano .

Mouse-deer , monitor lizards , and bird life , including sea eagles , also live here .
mouse-deer , [watch] lizards , and bird life , including sea eagles , also live here .

The Kinabatangan River Basin The Kinabatangan Basin , some 80 km ( 50 miles ) southwest of Sandakan , offers a good opportunity to catch sight of a range of wildlife , especially hornbills , monitor lizards , macaques , and orang-utans , not to mention the elusive proboscis monkey or the rare rhinoceros and elephant .
the kinabatangan river basin the kinabatangan basin , some 80 km ( 50 miles ) southwest of sandakan , offers a good opportunity to catch sight of a range of wildlife , especially hornbills , [watch] lizards , macaques , and orang-utans , not to mention the elusive proboscis monkey or the rare rhinoceros and elephant .

Through the picture windows you can monitor the progress , and the fish , yourselves .
through the picture windows you can [watch] the progress , and the fish , yourselves .

It follows that an important role lawyers provide for aging Oklahomans is not only to create rights - transferring documents such as durable powers of attorney and guardianship orders , but also to monitor their use .
it follows that an important role lawyers provide for aging oklahomans is not only to create rights - transferring documents such as durable powers of attorney and guardianship orders , but also to [watch] their use .

Does the research protocol monitor adherence to the message , and how ?
does the research protocol [watch] adherence to the message , and how ?

The study will allocate resources to promote adherence to the treatment protocol and monitor treatment fidelity .
the study will allocate resources to promote adherence to the treatment protocol and [watch] treatment fidelity .

Employee satisfaction : Senior executives can monitor employees ' satisfaction with their work environment to gauge if they feel empowered and motivated to contribute to organizational goals .
employee satisfaction : senior executives can [watch] employees ' satisfaction with their work environment to gauge if they feel empowered and motivated to contribute to organizational goals .

Between fiscal years 1999 and 2001 , the average bonus payment increased from about $ 10,200 to $ 12,300.11 OPM officials told us that they plan to closely monitor the distribution of fiscal year 2002 performance ratings and bonuses .
between fiscal years 1999 and 2001 , the average bonus payment increased from about $ 10,200 to $ 12,300.11 opm officials told us that they plan to closely [watch] the distribution of fiscal year 2002 performance ratings and bonuses .

The database contains reporting options that allow supervisors to monitor employees ' use of the system to ensure that all queries are appropriate-in addition , the state 's internal auditor monitors the staff 's use of the database .
the database contains reporting options that allow supervisors to [watch] employees ' use of the system to ensure that all queries are appropriate-in addition , the state 's internal auditor monitors the staff 's use of the database .

Information and Communications : Using and Sharing Knowledge to Manage Improper Payments Top-level agency officials , program managers , and others responsible for managing and controlling program operations need relevant , reliable , and timely financial and nonfinancial information to make operating decisions , monitor performance , and allocate resources .
information and communications : using and sharing knowledge to manage improper payments top-level agency officials , program managers , and others responsible for managing and controlling program operations need relevant , reliable , and timely financial and nonfinancial information to make operating decisions , [watch] performance , and allocate resources .

Program managers need operational and financial data to monitor whether they are meeting their agencies ' strategic and annual performance plans and meeting their goals for accountability and effective use of resources .
program managers need operational and financial data to [watch] whether they are meeting their agencies ' strategic and annual performance plans and meeting their goals for accountability and effective use of resources .

To monitor the effects of the new initiatives , Illinois will use random claims sampling to test the accuracy of the payments by reviewing 150 randomly selected claims per month , or 1,800 per year .
to [watch] the effects of the new initiatives , illinois will use random claims sampling to test the accuracy of the payments by reviewing 150 randomly selected claims per month , or 1,800 per year .

WINZ 's financial statements are the main accountability reports used by Parliament to monitor the agency 's performance .
winz 's financial statements are the main accountability reports used by parliament to [watch] the agency 's performance .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations assess risk and determine needs establish a central management focal point implement appropriate policies and related controls promote awareness [watch] and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

Monitor & Policies & Focal Evaluate Controls Point Promote Awareness This continuing cycle of monitoring business risks , maintaining policies and controls , and monitoring operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program .
[watch] & policies & focal evaluate controls point promote awareness this continuing cycle of monitoring business risks , maintaining policies and controls , and monitoring operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program .

Providing self-assessment tools to business units so that they could monitor their own security posture .
providing self-assessment tools to business units so that they could [watch] their own security posture .

Such tools include software that can be used to automatically monitor control effectiveness and information systems activity .
such tools include software that can be used to automatically [watch] control effectiveness and information systems activity .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 53 Practice 14 : Monitor Factors that Affect Risk and Indicate Security Effectiveness The organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 53 practice 14 : [watch] factors that affect risk and indicate security effectiveness the organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .

In contrast , the successful organizations we studied monitor their internal and external environments continuously and systematically .
in contrast , the successful organizations we studied [watch] their internal and external environments continuously and systematically .

The board has a responsibility to enhance shareholder value , assess and monitor risk , and ensure management accountability .
the board has a responsibility to enhance shareholder value , assess and [watch] risk , and ensure management accountability .

Electronic technology that allows data to be examined in human readable form , as on a monitor , stored in electronic Page 21 GAO/AIMD21.3.2 ( 5/00 ) media , recalled from storage , and reviewed in human readable form can provide data integrity that is equal to that of a paper document .
electronic technology that allows data to be examined in human readable form , as on a [watch] , stored in electronic page 21 gao/aimd21.3.2 ( 5/00 ) media , recalled from storage , and reviewed in human readable form can provide data integrity that is equal to that of a paper document .

We will continue to monitor the application of these protocols and will consider what , if any , changes should be made in the future .
we will continue to [watch] the application of these protocols and will consider what , if any , changes should be made in the future .

In March 2002,8 we recommended that the F-22 program office monitor the status of critical manufacturing processes as the program proceeds toward high rate production .
in march 2002,8 we recommended that the f-22 program office [watch] the status of critical manufacturing processes as the program proceeds toward high rate production .

Finally , controls over safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition also relate to making available to management information it needs to carry out its responsibilities related to prevention or timely detection of such unauthorized activities , as well as mechanisms to enable management to monitor the continued effective operation of such controls .
finally , controls over safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition also relate to making available to management information it needs to carry out its responsibilities related to prevention or timely detection of such unauthorized activities , as well as mechanisms to enable management to [watch] the continued effective operation of such controls .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations assess risk and determine needs establish a central management focal point implement appropriate policies and related controls promote awareness [watch] and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

Monitor & Policies & Focal Evaluate Controls Point Promote Awareness This continuing cycle of monitoring business risks , maintaining policies and controls , and monitoring operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program .
[watch] & policies & focal evaluate controls point promote awareness this continuing cycle of monitoring business risks , maintaining policies and controls , and monitoring operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program .

Providing self-assessment tools to business units so that they could monitor their own security posture .
providing self-assessment tools to business units so that they could [watch] their own security posture .

Such tools include software that can be used to automatically monitor control effectiveness and information systems activity .
such tools include software that can be used to automatically [watch] control effectiveness and information systems activity .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 53 Practice 14 : Monitor Factors that Affect Risk and Indicate Security Effectiveness The organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 53 practice 14 : [watch] factors that affect risk and indicate security effectiveness the organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .

For example , the Congress can actively monitor progress in meeting critical infrastructure protection goals , including improved information sharing , and promote trust by assisting in clarifying the way federal agencies may use sensitive information provided for critical infrastructure protection purposes .
for example , the congress can actively [watch] progress in meeting critical infrastructure protection goals , including improved information sharing , and promote trust by assisting in clarifying the way federal agencies may use sensitive information provided for critical infrastructure protection purposes .

CDC seeks to accomplish its mission by working with partners throughout the nation and world to monitor health , detect and investigate health problems , conduct research to enhance the prevention of disease , Page 24 GAO-02-24 Information Sharing Practices Appendix II The 11 Organizations That Participated in GAO 's Study of Information Sharing PulseNet Epidemic Information Exchange The Data Web foster safe and healthful environments , and provide leadership and training .
cdc seeks to accomplish its mission by working with partners throughout the nation and world to [watch] health , detect and investigate health problems , conduct research to enhance the prevention of disease , page 24 gao-02-24 information sharing practices appendix ii the 11 organizations that participated in gao 's study of information sharing pulsenet epidemic information exchange the data web foster safe and healthful environments , and provide leadership and training .

A more prescriptive requirement for manufacturers to monitor the sales and distribution of retail establishments was not imposed because it would have imposed an additional cost of $ 85 million per year .
a more prescriptive requirement for manufacturers to [watch] the sales and distribution of retail establishments was not imposed because it would have imposed an additional cost of $ 85 million per year .

Activities need to be established to monitor performance measures and indicators .
activities need to be established to [watch] performance measures and indicators .

These elements include acquisition objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .
these elements include acquisition objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to [watch] contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .

An agency is required to monitor contractor performance , ensuring that work done conforms to the agency 's requirements .
an agency is required to [watch] contractor performance , ensuring that work done conforms to the agency 's requirements .

The program manager helps monitor contractor performance to ensure that user requirements are met by the products or services delivered and that senior officials provide support and oversight .
the program manager helps [watch] contractor performance to ensure that user requirements are met by the products or services delivered and that senior officials provide support and oversight .

Agencies also have a responsibility to monitor and maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations .
agencies also have a responsibility to [watch] and maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations .

The categories are related to the evaluation subquestions ; for example , if a subquestion was `` How does the Immigration and Naturalization Service monitor the conditions of confinement in privately contracted detention facilities , '' coding categories might include who is responsible , how these persons get information , what they do with information received , evidence that minimum standards are met , evidence of shortfalls , changes over time in monitoring , and conflicting guidance or responsibilities .
the categories are related to the evaluation subquestions ; for example , if a subquestion was `` how does the immigration and naturalization service [watch] the conditions of confinement in privately contracted detention facilities , '' coding categories might include who is responsible , how these persons get information , what they do with information received , evidence that minimum standards are met , evidence of shortfalls , changes over time in monitoring , and conflicting guidance or responsibilities .

One plausible reason is that the differences are the result of how states solicit returns , monitor compliance , and penalize failure to file .
one plausible reason is that the differences are the result of how states solicit returns , [watch] compliance , and penalize failure to file .

Congress , in its oversight role , can monitor management improvement initiatives and provide the continuing attention necessary for reform initiatives to be carried through to their successful completion .
congress , in its oversight role , can [watch] management improvement initiatives and provide the continuing attention necessary for reform initiatives to be carried through to their successful completion .

One state we visited established an information services board to develop statewide policy standards and to monitor projects as part of its portfolio management process .
one state we visited established an information services board to develop statewide policy standards and to [watch] projects as part of its portfolio management process .

Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 ( FASA ) ( Public Law 103-355 ) ¬ This law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal acquisition programs ( to include IT projects ) and monitor these programs to ensure that they remain within prescribed tolerances .
federal acquisition streamlining act of 1994 ( fasa ) ( public law 103-355 ) ¬ this law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal acquisition programs ( to include it projects ) and [watch] these programs to ensure that they remain within prescribed tolerances .

Each board is required to have a standing committee to monitor board and program diversity .
each board is required to have a standing committee to [watch] board and program diversity .

Congress has mandated that LSC effectively monitor and audit its grant recipients , and that LSC respect attorney-client privilege and ensure that LSC recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities .
congress has mandated that lsc effectively [watch] and audit its grant recipients , and that lsc respect attorney-client privilege and ensure that lsc recipients carry out their work consistent with their professional responsibilities .

Requiring legal services attorneys to monitor their clients ' movements and formally withdraw whenever the client leaves the country would create extraordinary burdens for the LSC grantees , the clients , opposing parties , and the courts .
requiring legal services attorneys to [watch] their clients ' movements and formally withdraw whenever the client leaves the country would create extraordinary burdens for the lsc grantees , the clients , opposing parties , and the courts .

LSC-funded attorneys would be required to monitor the movements of their clients , and to withdraw from cases whenever their alien clients leave the United States .
lsc-funded attorneys would be required to [watch] the movements of their clients , and to withdraw from cases whenever their alien clients leave the united states .

Requiring attorneys to monitor the movements of eligible aliens at all times of the year would impose monumental burdens on LSC grantees .
requiring attorneys to [watch] the movements of eligible aliens at all times of the year would impose monumental burdens on lsc grantees .

Moreover , requiring legal services attorneys to monitor their clients ' movements and formally withdraw whenever the client left the country would creating extraordinary burdens for the LSC grantees , the clients , opposing parties , and the courts .
moreover , requiring legal services attorneys to [watch] their clients ' movements and formally withdraw whenever the client left the country would creating extraordinary burdens for the lsc grantees , the clients , opposing parties , and the courts .

Program visits allow staff to monitor program developments , to learn about problems , and to develop new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality .
program visits allow staff to [watch] program developments , to learn about problems , and to develop new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality .

When LSC staff found that one program lacked an effective way to monitor the quality of its advocates ' written legal work , we gave specific directions on how the program could establish a system to ensure high quality written legal work .
when lsc staff found that one program lacked an effective way to [watch] the quality of its advocates ' written legal work , we gave specific directions on how the program could establish a system to ensure high quality written legal work .

In another situation , we noted that a program lacked an effective method to monitor the professional growth of new and inexperienced staff .
in another situation , we noted that a program lacked an effective method to [watch] the professional growth of new and inexperienced staff .

Additionally , new compliance monitoring procedures , which use outside auditors to monitor grantee compliance with regulations and to perform comprehensive yearly oversight of grantee activities , were formulated .
additionally , new compliance monitoring procedures , which use outside auditors to [watch] grantee compliance with regulations and to perform comprehensive yearly oversight of grantee activities , were formulated .

As well as making new grants , staff continue to monitor the TIG projects from last year .
as well as making new grants , staff continue to [watch] the tig projects from last year .

Program reviews are one way to monitor program development , solve problems , and establish new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality .
program reviews are one way to [watch] program development , solve problems , and establish new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality .

These reviews allowed us to monitor program development , to learn about problems and to suggest new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality .
these reviews allowed us to [watch] program development , to learn about problems and to suggest new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality .

It is advisable to monitor the DO closely during the first few hours of the test .
it is advisable to [watch] the do closely during the first few hours of the test .

It is advisable to monitor the DO closely during the first few hours of the test .
it is advisable to [watch] the do closely during the first few hours of the test .

Electricity generators must continually monitor and report their emissions .
electricity generators must continually [watch] and report their emissions .

Continuous emissions monitoring systems ( CEMS ) must be installed and operated to monitor emissions from each affected unit .
continuous emissions monitoring systems ( cems ) must be installed and operated to [watch] emissions from each affected unit .

All units under the new trading programs must monitor the parameters required under the Acid Rain Program ( i.e. , sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , opacity , and volumetric flow ) , and those units subject to the mercury trading program must monitor mercury as well .
all units under the new trading programs must [watch] the parameters required under the acid rain program ( i.e. , sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , opacity , and volumetric flow ) , and those units subject to the mercury trading program must [watch] mercury as well .

Section 405 also sets deadlines for owners or operators of units to install and operate continuous emissions monitoring systems to monitor specified emissions or parameters under the new trading programs .
section 405 also sets deadlines for owners or operators of units to install and operate continuous emissions monitoring systems to [watch] specified emissions or parameters under the new trading programs .

Each unit , to establish its baseline , must monitor and report its emissions in accordance with the monitoring and reporting requirements under Section 405 for one year before entering the programs .
each unit , to establish its baseline , must [watch] and report its emissions in accordance with the monitoring and reporting requirements under section 405 for one year before entering the programs .

All units subject to a performance standard are required to monitor emissions using continuous emissions monitoring systems and to use averaging times similar to those under the existing new source performance standards .
all units subject to a performance standard are required to [watch] emissions using continuous emissions monitoring systems and to use averaging times similar to those under the existing new source performance standards .

To ensure that the cap is met and to provide credibility , sources also are required to install systems that continuously monitor and report emissions .
to ensure that the cap is met and to provide credibility , sources also are required to install systems that continuously [watch] and report emissions .

At each ozone monitor , we quantified the relationship between CAMx modeled levels of ozone at the monitor for 1996 and the future year ( 2010 or 2020 ) .
at each ozone [watch] , we quantified the relationship between camx modeled levels of ozone at the [watch] for 1996 and the future year ( 2010 or 2020 ) .

These adjustment ratios are applied to the actual monitoring data to generate estimates of ozone levels at the monitor for the future scenarios .
these adjustment ratios are applied to the actual monitoring data to generate estimates of ozone levels at the [watch] for the future scenarios .

Instead , we use them in a relative sense to simply adjust actual , 1996 ozone monitor levels to future Base Case or Clear Skies levels .
instead , we use them in a relative sense to simply adjust actual , 1996 ozone [watch] levels to future base case or clear skies levels .

EPA will continue to monitor the progress of this concern , and make appropriate adjustments as further information is made available .
epa will continue to [watch] the progress of this concern , and make appropriate adjustments as further information is made available .

If this was viewed as unfair competition , an independent regulatory commission could establish and monitor certain inverse price caps .
if this was viewed as unfair competition , an independent regulatory commission could establish and [watch] certain inverse price caps .

Typically , the companies would operate on the same tactical channel , which chiefs on the scene would monitor and use to communicate with the firefighters .
typically , the companies would operate on the same tactical channel , which chiefs on the scene would [watch] and use to communicate with the firefighters .

Oem 's Watch Command was to monitor the city 's key communications channels-including radio frequencies of FDNY dispatch and the NYPD-and other data .
oem 's watch command was to [watch] the city 's key communications channels-including radio frequencies of fdny dispatch and the nypd-and other data .

While he continued to monitor the citywide SOD channel , which NYPD helicopters were using , he also monitored the point-to-point tactical channel that the ESU teams climbing in the towers would use .
while he continued to [watch] the citywide sod channel , which nypd helicopters were using , he also monitored the point-to-point tactical channel that the esu teams climbing in the towers would use .

In May 2004 , New York City adopted an emergency response plan that expressly contemplates two or more agencies jointly being lead agency when responding to a terrorist attack but does not mandate a comprehensive and unified incident command that can deploy and monitor all first responder resources from one overall command post .
in may 2004 , new york city adopted an emergency response plan that expressly contemplates two or more agencies jointly being lead agency when responding to a terrorist attack but does not mandate a comprehensive and unified incident command that can deploy and [watch] all first responder resources from one overall command post .

A senior al Qaeda detainee has stated that U.S. government efforts after the 9/11 attacks to monitor the American homeland , including review of Muslims ' immigration files and deportation of nonpermanent residents , forced al Qaeda to operate less freely in the United States .
a senior al qaeda detainee has stated that u.s. government efforts after the 9/11 attacks to [watch] the american homeland , including review of muslims ' immigration files and deportation of nonpermanent residents , forced al qaeda to operate less freely in the united states .

The Congress should monitor whether the FBI 's information-sharing principles are implemented in practice .
the congress should [watch] whether the fbi 's information-sharing principles are implemented in practice .

The CTC did not propose , and the intelligence community collection management process did not set , requirements to monitor such telltale indicators .
the ctc did not propose , and the intelligence community collection management process did not set , requirements to [watch] such telltale indicators .

For notification of an inbound aircraft at 10:02 , see USSS record , Intelligence Division timeline , Sept. 11 , 2001 ; USSS record , Crisis Center Incident Monitor , Sept. 11 , 2001 .
for notification of an inbound aircraft at 10:02 , see usss record , intelligence division timeline , sept. 11 , 2001 ; usss record , crisis center incident [watch] , sept. 11 , 2001 .

We must also be able to monitor and respond to entrances between our ports of entry , working with Canada and Mexico as much as possible .
we must also be able to [watch] and respond to entrances between our ports of entry , working with canada and mexico as much as possible .

They assumed the fighter escort would be discreet , `` vectored to a position five miles directly behind the hijacked aircraft , '' where it could perform its mission to monitor the aircraft 's flight path .
they assumed the fighter escort would be discreet , `` vectored to a position five miles directly behind the hijacked aircraft , '' where it could perform its mission to [watch] the aircraft 's flight path .

These include systems that monitor the number of emergency department visits , primary care visits , ambulance dispatches , nurse hot line calls , pharmaceutical sales , and West Nile–related dead bird reports .
these include systems that [watch] the number of emergency department visits , primary care visits , ambulance dispatches , nurse hot line calls , pharmaceutical sales , and west nile–related dead bird reports .

These factors severely limit the ability to monitor HIV disease in locations where resources , training , and mobility are limited .
these factors severely limit the ability to [watch] hiv disease in locations where resources , training , and mobility are limited .

It 's the only spongiform encephalopathy known to naturally infect both free-ranging and captive animals , a situation that greatly complicates efforts to monitor , control , or eradicate it .
it 's the only spongiform encephalopathy known to naturally infect both free-ranging and captive animals , a situation that greatly complicates efforts to [watch] , control , or eradicate it .

Last year , the USDA received US $ 14.8 million to monitor and manage the disease , and Goeldner says the department expects to get about US $ 16 million this year .
last year , the usda received us $ 14.8 million to [watch] and manage the disease , and goeldner says the department expects to get about us $ 16 million this year .

The Bioethics Council was appointed by the President to “ monitor stem-cell research , to recommend appropriate guidelines and regulations , and to consider all of the medical and ethical ramifications of biomedical innovation… .
the bioethics council was appointed by the president to “ [watch] stem-cell research , to recommend appropriate guidelines and regulations , and to consider all of the medical and ethical ramifications of biomedical innovation… .

In fact , we specifically highlight some of the ethical , legal , social , and scientific issues that such testing raises and recommend that guidelines be developed in order to monitor current research that is being undertaken in this area .
in fact , we specifically highlight some of the ethical , legal , social , and scientific issues that such testing raises and recommend that guidelines be developed in order to [watch] current research that is being undertaken in this area .

The ability to directly and noninvasively monitor nodal tumor involvement represents a powerful diagnostic tool for cancer .
the ability to directly and noninvasively [watch] nodal tumor involvement represents a powerful diagnostic tool for cancer .

However , such a mechanical system would need be fail-safe in order to avoid devastating effects ( e.g. , if the monitor were to register a falsely elevated blood glucose and thereby trigger an inappropriately high insulin dose ) .
however , such a mechanical system would need be fail-safe in order to avoid devastating effects ( e.g. , if the [watch] were to register a falsely elevated blood glucose and thereby trigger an inappropriately high insulin dose ) .

Since Spoc cells were isolated from murine skeletal muscle , they may eventually allow the use of sophisticated conditional genetic tracking techniques to monitor the migration , maturation , and differentiation of the cells in the in vivo context .
since spoc cells were isolated from murine skeletal muscle , they may eventually allow the use of sophisticated conditional genetic tracking techniques to [watch] the migration , maturation , and differentiation of the cells in the in vivo context .

Alternatively , new two-photon confocal microscopy approaches to identify the cells and then to monitor cardiac function in the intact heart should prove valuable [ 7 ] .
alternatively , new two-photon confocal microscopy approaches to identify the cells and then to [watch] cardiac function in the intact heart should prove valuable [ 7 ] .

While the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of CD4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to initiate and monitor HIV treatment , remain to be addressed .
while the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of cd4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to initiate and [watch] hiv treatment , remain to be addressed .

We hypothesized that additional modifications could be made to provide accurate , low-cost CD4 counts to monitor HIV infection in resource-constrained settings .
we hypothesized that additional modifications could be made to provide accurate , low-cost cd4 counts to [watch] hiv infection in resource-constrained settings .

McKinney 's approach for dealing with institutional conflicts of interest depends critically on the engagement of external agents to monitor closely both scientific integrity and the welfare of human participants .
mckinney 's approach for dealing with institutional conflicts of interest depends critically on the engagement of external agents to [watch] closely both scientific integrity and the welfare of human participants .

School of Medicine researchers and physicians have : developed treatments that turned a 90 percent mortality rate for testicular cancer into a 90 percent cure rate ; pioneered echocardiography , we use of sound waves for detecting heart disease ; shared in developing `` smart '' pacemakers , which monitor heart rhythm and automatically shock the heart when it develops irregularities ; founded the world 's first DNA bank , preserving genetic material for future study and diagnosis ; pinpointed the defective gene in Huntington 's disease and one type of Alzheimer 's disease ; and spearheaded the use of many New treatments for critically ill children , including infant heart transplant and special therapies for cancer .
school of medicine researchers and physicians have : developed treatments that turned a 90 percent mortality rate for testicular cancer into a 90 percent cure rate ; pioneered echocardiography , we use of sound waves for detecting heart disease ; shared in developing `` smart '' pacemakers , which [watch] heart rhythm and automatically shock the heart when it develops irregularities ; founded the world 's first dna bank , preserving genetic material for future study and diagnosis ; pinpointed the defective gene in huntington 's disease and one type of alzheimer 's disease ; and spearheaded the use of many new treatments for critically ill children , including infant heart transplant and special therapies for cancer .

As the Clubhouse Monitor at Bent Tree Apartments , he now provides customer service for 50 to 60 tenants each night .
as the clubhouse [watch] at bent tree apartments , he now provides customer service for 50 to 60 tenants each night .

The wonder felt at the `` thusness '' of everything might have its holy origin in the processes the brain uses to monitor its own active consciousness without transmitting them to the conscious mind .
the wonder felt at the `` thusness '' of everything might have its holy origin in the processes the brain uses to [watch] its own active consciousness without transmitting them to the conscious mind .

F Chap 53 Some Convergences Achmed grabbed Ambrose at the shoulder of his coat and pulled so that they were sitting very close together , each able to look over the other 's shoulder to monitor any approach .
f chap 53 some convergences achmed grabbed ambrose at the shoulder of his coat and pulled so that they were sitting very close together , each able to look over the other 's shoulder to [watch] any approach .

Many will let you monitor earthquake activity , ozone levels , humidity , and flood threats .
many will let you [watch] earthquake activity , ozone levels , humidity , and flood threats .

The NYT also reports that Milosevic 's agreement to allow U2 spy planes to monitor troop activity-regarded as a major concession to NATO-also entails NATO giving the Yugoslav army a weekly schedule of reconnaissance flights .
the nyt also reports that milosevic 's agreement to allow u2 spy planes to [watch] troop activity-regarded as a major concession to nato-also entails nato giving the yugoslav army a weekly schedule of reconnaissance flights .

The NYT says the crux of the Kosovo accord is a force of 2,000 on-the-ground international observers and NATO reconnaissance flights designed to monitor Milosevic 's withdrawals of police and troops .
the nyt says the crux of the kosovo accord is a force of 2,000 on-the-ground international observers and nato reconnaissance flights designed to [watch] milosevic 's withdrawals of police and troops .

In an unusual twist ( which has rattled some U.S. observers ) , the CIA will monitor the implementation of these provisions .
in an unusual twist ( which has rattled some u.s. observers ) , the cia will [watch] the implementation of these provisions .

Both Times leads state that under the New Jersey profiling deal , the state police will report to a federal monitor who will have broad powers to investigate virtually any police function and who will track the cops ' patterns of arrests and traffic stops to make sure that minorities are not being singled out .
both times leads state that under the new jersey profiling deal , the state police will report to a federal [watch] who will have broad powers to investigate virtually any police function and who will track the cops ' patterns of arrests and traffic stops to make sure that minorities are not being singled out .

On a day that , according to the coverage , saw Russian and American military officers jointly shepherding nuclear missiles through Y2K , Yeltsin and Putin participated in a little transition ceremony that centered on the handover of the suitcase that is used to monitor a nuclear war .
on a day that , according to the coverage , saw russian and american military officers jointly shepherding nuclear missiles through y2k , yeltsin and putin participated in a little transition ceremony that centered on the handover of the suitcase that is used to [watch] a nuclear war .

To monitor his movements , the authorities appoint an inspector ( an amusingly sober Jon Voight , reunited with Boorman for the first time since the 1972 Deliverance ) , who soon has the resources to post cops on Cahill 's back fence and on the street in front of his house , and to follow him and his gang wherever they go .
to [watch] his movements , the authorities appoint an inspector ( an amusingly sober jon voight , reunited with boorman for the first time since the 1972 deliverance ) , who soon has the resources to post cops on cahill 's back fence and on the street in front of his house , and to follow him and his gang wherever they go .

Then there are the baby monitors , arguably a necessity if you live in a big house and ca n't hear the baby crying in her room -- and also a necessity if you 're interested in intercepting police transmissions -- but is the Child View Monitor and Television , for $ 149.99 , really necessary ?
then there are the baby monitors , arguably a necessity if you live in a big house and ca n't hear the baby crying in her room -- and also a necessity if you 're interested in intercepting police transmissions -- but is the child view [watch] and television , for $ 149.99 , really necessary ?

Contributors -- several of them lawyers -- discussed an employer 's right to drug test employees and the government 's right to monitor our lives .
contributors -- several of them lawyers -- discussed an employer 's right to drug test employees and the government 's right to [watch] our lives .

For instance , Gingrich advocates diabetes screening as a way to save Medicare money and thinks it is especially important for Native Americans , who are highly susceptible to the disease , to monitor their blood pressure .
for instance , gingrich advocates diabetes screening as a way to save medicare money and thinks it is especially important for native americans , who are highly susceptible to the disease , to [watch] their blood pressure .

It will monitor nonmilitary government networks and track banking , telecommunications , and transportation networks .
it will [watch] nonmilitary government networks and track banking , telecommunications , and transportation networks .

The Sydney Morning Herald also prominently reported the murder , allegedly by Indonesian soldiers , of 30-year-old Dutch journalist Sander Thoenes , who was the correspondent in Jakarta for the Financial Times of London and the Dutch weekly Vrij Nederland and who also wrote occasionally for the Christian Science Monitor .
the sydney morning herald also prominently reported the murder , allegedly by indonesian soldiers , of 30-year-old dutch journalist sander thoenes , who was the correspondent in jakarta for the financial times of london and the dutch weekly vrij nederland and who also wrote occasionally for the christian science [watch] .

They also suck because they 're slow and their graphics are worse than what you find on a PC monitor .
they also suck because they 're slow and their graphics are worse than what you find on a pc [watch] .

Chatterbox continues to monitor Weekly World News to see what kind of publisher Roger C. Altman , former deputy Treasury secretary and continuing Clinton intimate -- Hillary had dinner at his home this past April -- turns out to be .
chatterbox continues to [watch] weekly world news to see what kind of publisher roger c. altman , former deputy treasury secretary and continuing clinton intimate -- hillary had dinner at his home this past april -- turns out to be .

New York state 's attorney general proposed that an independent monitor be appointed to make sure any agreement is carried out .
new york state 's attorney general proposed that an independent [watch] be appointed to make sure any agreement is carried out .

The $ 3.75 billion fen-phen settlement includes $ 2.55 billion for users who have developed heart-valve problems and $ 1.2 billion to monitor the healthy and issue refunds .
the $ 3.75 billion fen-phen settlement includes $ 2.55 billion for users who have developed heart-valve problems and $ 1.2 billion to [watch] the healthy and issue refunds .

The conciliatory overtures began early this year , after nearly four decades of violence , when the government removed security forces from a large FARC-controlled territory , but stalled when officials requested that an international verification committee monitor the zone .
the conciliatory overtures began early this year , after nearly four decades of violence , when the government removed security forces from a large farc-controlled territory , but stalled when officials requested that an international verification committee [watch] the zone .

Index investing makes sense for those of us who do n't have the time or inclination to closely monitor our investments .
index investing makes sense for those of us who do n't have the time or inclination to closely [watch] our investments .

In blunt summary ( I 'm running out of time ) , perhaps asking us ( the unwashed masses ) to shell out 20 bucks a year for the privilege of staring longer at this stinkin ' monitor for an hour or two more a week , when we 'd rather bail outta this rotten sweatshop before the sun goes down , wo n't be as appealing an expenditure for our meager discretionary income as say , three pitchers of beer or a couple of baseball game tickets .
in blunt summary ( i 'm running out of time ) , perhaps asking us ( the unwashed masses ) to shell out 20 bucks a year for the privilege of staring longer at this stinkin ' [watch] for an hour or two more a week , when we 'd rather bail outta this rotten sweatshop before the sun goes down , wo n't be as appealing an expenditure for our meager discretionary income as say , three pitchers of beer or a couple of baseball game tickets .

A federal election monitor decertified Ron Carey 's election as president of the Teamsters , citing evidence of fraud and diversion of union funds to Carey 's campaign .
a federal election [watch] decertified ron carey 's election as president of the teamsters , citing evidence of fraud and diversion of union funds to carey 's campaign .

Gray Davis and 57 Indian leaders which would allow an expansion of gambling operations on California reservations ; the top non-local story at the LAT is the agreement between the U.S. and Russia to co-staff a Colorado command center that would monitor `` missile early-warning data , '' in case the Y2K computer bug causes missile `` mishaps '' ( read `` launches '' ) .
gray davis and 57 indian leaders which would allow an expansion of gambling operations on california reservations ; the top non-local story at the lat is the agreement between the u.s. and russia to co-staff a colorado command center that would [watch] `` missile early-warning data , '' in case the y2k computer bug causes missile `` mishaps '' ( read `` launches '' ) .

Meanwhile , a federal election monitor is refusing to certify Carey 's victory because of the investigations .
meanwhile , a federal election [watch] is refusing to certify carey 's victory because of the investigations .

Reformers such as Harvey Robins , a former top Dinkins aide , and Ray Horton , an independent budget monitor , have been arguing that the city could save billions of dollars by targeting long-standing perquisites -- such as the endless array of paid holidays for city workers or large amounts of down time for cops and teachers -- then investing the savings in parks and libraries and in restoring the city 's neglected neighborhoods .
reformers such as harvey robins , a former top dinkins aide , and ray horton , an independent budget [watch] , have been arguing that the city could save billions of dollars by targeting long-standing perquisites -- such as the endless array of paid holidays for city workers or large amounts of down time for cops and teachers -- then investing the savings in parks and libraries and in restoring the city 's neglected neighborhoods .

At worst , they are a complete rip-off , since they are almost impossible for the IRS to monitor .
at worst , they are a complete rip-off , since they are almost impossible for the irs to [watch] .

In an age in which agents and publicists once again monitor a star 's movements as religiously as they did in the 1950s -- when Rock Hudson was forced to marry his secretary to forestall rumors that he was gay -- Courtney was an imperious and slightly unhinged anti-celebrity , physically incapable of keeping her mouth shut .
in an age in which agents and publicists once again [watch] a star 's movements as religiously as they did in the 1950s -- when rock hudson was forced to marry his secretary to forestall rumors that he was gay -- courtney was an imperious and slightly unhinged anti-celebrity , physically incapable of keeping her mouth shut .

Onstage she 'd prop her leg up on the monitor and wail into the microphone like any guy .
onstage she 'd prop her leg up on the [watch] and wail into the microphone like any guy .

The new one with the guy sitting on a bench terrifying pigeons because he 's shrieking into his cell phone while peering through a Brazil -esque , crystalline eyeglass-mounted monitor ...
the new one with the guy sitting on a bench terrifying pigeons because he 's shrieking into his cell phone while peering through a brazil -esque , crystalline eyeglass-mounted [watch] ...

In 1998 Pyongyang offered to let the U.S. monitor its long-range missiles as long as the U.S. takes a neutral role in the peninsula -- that is , guarantees peace regardless of whether it is the South or the North that invades the other .
in 1998 pyongyang offered to let the u.s. [watch] its long-range missiles as long as the u.s. takes a neutral role in the peninsula -- that is , guarantees peace regardless of whether it is the south or the north that invades the other .

According to an editorial in today 's Christian Science Monitor , the United Nations is doing a better job of coordinating the grab-bag of relief efforts , public and private , from all over the world , than it used to , thanks to its new Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) , which apparently took over many duties of the Office of the United Nations Disaster Relief Coordinator ( UNDRO ) .
according to an editorial in today 's christian science [watch] , the united nations is doing a better job of coordinating the grab-bag of relief efforts , public and private , from all over the world , than it used to , thanks to its new office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs ( ocha ) , which apparently took over many duties of the office of the united nations disaster relief coordinator ( undro ) .

According to the Monitor , `` the U.N. has learned from past attempts that its best role in disaster scenes is to pool the efforts of national governments , not to do the work itself . ''
according to the [watch] , `` the u.n. has learned from past attempts that its best role in disaster scenes is to pool the efforts of national governments , not to do the work itself . ''

OCHA , says the Monitor , has a `` realistic mandate . ''
ocha , says the [watch] , has a `` realistic mandate . ''

The decision by a federal monitor to keep Teamsters president Ron Carey from running for re-election leads at the Washington Post , USA Today , and the Wall Street Journal .
the decision by a federal [watch] to keep teamsters president ron carey from running for re-election leads at the washington post , usa today , and the wall street journal .

Bradley argues that Clinton has personalized the relationship with Russian President Boris Yeltsin , set too-high expectations for democratization , slacked off on nuclear security , and failed to properly monitor economic aid .
bradley argues that clinton has personalized the relationship with russian president boris yeltsin , set too-high expectations for democratization , slacked off on nuclear security , and failed to properly [watch] economic aid .

The company will monitor and issue `` report cards '' on individual doctors ' cost-quality performance .
the company will [watch] and issue `` report cards '' on individual doctors ' cost-quality performance .

That would encourage them to monitor their banks more closely .
that would encourage them to [watch] their banks more closely .

The WP business section reports that a company that until now has sold its language-understanding software to the intelligence community for spy-detection is poised to sell a similar product designed to help the government and brokerage firms monitor the offers and promises made by brokers in communications with ( potential ) clients .
the wp business section reports that a company that until now has sold its language-understanding software to the intelligence community for spy-detection is poised to sell a similar product designed to help the government and brokerage firms [watch] the offers and promises made by brokers in communications with ( potential ) clients .

Hooked by invisible wire to a monitor hooked to an amplifier .
hooked by invisible wire to a [watch] hooked to an amplifier .

The coalition serves as the court-appointed monitor for the shelter system , and what McDonald alleges , and others at the shelter corroborate , is that the official who represented the coalition at the shelter worked actively with the dissidents who remained to disrupt the program .
the coalition serves as the court-appointed [watch] for the shelter system , and what mcdonald alleges , and others at the shelter corroborate , is that the official who represented the coalition at the shelter worked actively with the dissidents who remained to disrupt the program .

In a meeting of all the tenants in late January , the coalition 's monitor allegedly called McDonald a `` Nazi '' who was enriching himself by exploiting poor blacks , and berated the black shelter manager as McDonald 's lackey .
in a meeting of all the tenants in late january , the coalition 's [watch] allegedly called mcdonald a `` nazi '' who was enriching himself by exploiting poor blacks , and berated the black shelter manager as mcdonald 's lackey .

Clifford Douglas , an attorney and anti-tobacco activist , has lately published letters in the Christian Science Monitor and the New York Post touting Bogdanich -- not Bergman -- as the real journalist who `` lit the fuse of public outrage '' over tobacco .
clifford douglas , an attorney and anti-tobacco activist , has lately published letters in the christian science [watch] and the new york post touting bogdanich -- not bergman -- as the real journalist who `` lit the fuse of public outrage '' over tobacco .

Stevens ' pork is so legendary , says the NYT , that a recent episode of the NBC sitcom West Wing features two legislative aides joking about a $ 2 million outlay to monitor Alaskan skies for volcanic ash -- an appropriation that , unlike the rest of the sitcom , is not fictional .
stevens ' pork is so legendary , says the nyt , that a recent episode of the nbc sitcom west wing features two legislative aides joking about a $ 2 million outlay to [watch] alaskan skies for volcanic ash -- an appropriation that , unlike the rest of the sitcom , is not fictional .

Primarily , they help keep the crew from getting tired , leaving them free to alter the flight plan , scout for traffic , and monitor the plane 's other systems ( like hydraulics and air pressurization ) .
primarily , they help keep the crew from getting tired , leaving them free to alter the flight plan , scout for traffic , and [watch] the plane 's other systems ( like hydraulics and air pressurization ) .

The NYT reports that some pollsters have gotten together to form a Polling Review Board that will monitor and discuss the flood of political polls expected during the upcoming election season .
the nyt reports that some pollsters have gotten together to form a polling review board that will [watch] and discuss the flood of political polls expected during the upcoming election season .

The Bush campaign 's technical innovation is the use of `` tracking codes , '' to monitor how much money is coming from its big fund-raisers .
the bush campaign 's technical innovation is the use of `` tracking codes , '' to [watch] how much money is coming from its big fund-raisers .

The NYT top-fronts Kofi Annan 's choice of former U.N. arms monitor Rolf Ekeus to lead a new U.N. commission that will attempt to complete the task of assessing the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons capabilities of Saddam Hussein .
the nyt top-fronts kofi annan 's choice of former u.n. arms [watch] rolf ekeus to lead a new u.n. commission that will attempt to complete the task of assessing the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons capabilities of saddam hussein .

On the other hand , if your neighbor installs video cameras that monitor the street in front of both your houses , he might be doing you a favor .
on the other hand , if your neighbor installs video cameras that [watch] the street in front of both your houses , he might be doing you a favor .

It depends on such questions as 1 ) how effectively the industrialized nations can monitor the average rogue state once they start synergistically pooling their intelligence , and 2 ) how tough economic sanctions have to be before even the Syrias of the world fall into line .
it depends on such questions as 1 ) how effectively the industrialized nations can [watch] the average rogue state once they start synergistically pooling their intelligence , and 2 ) how tough economic sanctions have to be before even the syrias of the world fall into line .

Our gonzo day traders , high on Starbucks double lattes and monitor afterburn , are today 's working class .
our gonzo day traders , high on starbucks double lattes and [watch] afterburn , are today 's working class .

The `` TRB '' column argues that the intelligence community should use its Cold War-era spying apparatus to monitor human rights abuses .
the `` trb '' column argues that the intelligence community should use its cold war-era spying apparatus to [watch] human rights abuses .

Slate offers no soft-focus or RealAudio function , but feel free to smear a little Vaseline on your monitor and hum an evocative tune to yourself as you reminisce with me .
slate offers no soft-focus or realaudio function , but feel free to smear a little vaseline on your [watch] and hum an evocative tune to yourself as you reminisce with me .

The regs would have required that banks determine customers ' sources of funds , create client profiles based on transaction patterns , monitor accounts for deviations , investigate irregularities , and report unexplained activities to federal authorities .
the regs would have required that banks determine customers ' sources of funds , create client profiles based on transaction patterns , [watch] accounts for deviations , investigate irregularities , and report unexplained activities to federal authorities .

Last month , before this scandal broke , Clinton aides told the Christian Science Monitor that they hoped that the administration would soon eliminate these sanctions altogether .
last month , before this scandal broke , clinton aides told the christian science [watch] that they hoped that the administration would soon eliminate these sanctions altogether .

Production of other chemicals , such as chlorine and certain pesticides , which have commercial as well as military applications , will continue , but a U.N. agency will monitor production to prevent their military use .
production of other chemicals , such as chlorine and certain pesticides , which have commercial as well as military applications , will continue , but a u.n. agency will [watch] production to prevent their military use .

Police arrived at the Ramsey home to monitor incoming phone calls , left a few hours later , and returned with a warrant to search the house for evidence of a break-in .
police arrived at the ramsey home to [watch] incoming phone calls , left a few hours later , and returned with a warrant to search the house for evidence of a break-in .

For instance , states the Post , most municipalities use one employee per about 500 to monitor the time cards of other city workers .
for instance , states the post , most municipalities use one employee per about 500 to [watch] the time cards of other city workers .

In Philadelphia , the district attorney 's office has developed a no-nonsense program in which volunteers from the neighborhoods where the juveniles committed their crimes hear the cases , set terms , and monitor compliance .
in philadelphia , the district attorney 's office has developed a no-nonsense program in which volunteers from the neighborhoods where the juveniles committed their crimes hear the cases , set terms , and [watch] compliance .

A British monitor was shot in the shoulder ( and his Serbian translator wounded ) Friday by unidentified gunmen who deliberately fired on the monitors ' vehicle .
a british [watch] was shot in the shoulder ( and his serbian translator wounded ) friday by unidentified gunmen who deliberately fired on the monitors ' vehicle .

The Times and the WP each front long feature stories about how Internet companies engender and monitor relationships among strangers .
the times and the wp each front long feature stories about how internet companies engender and [watch] relationships among strangers .

The officials stress that the US had no `` direct involvement '' in the pursuit , and that the Israelis did no more than monitor Ocalan 's movements .
the officials stress that the us had no `` direct involvement '' in the pursuit , and that the israelis did no more than [watch] ocalan 's movements .

The NYT front says the U.S. government admitted Thursday that a U.S. spy went into Iraq in the guise of a UN weapons inspector and left an eavesdropping device behind that for ten months allowed the U.S. and `` a select elite '' within the UN team to monitor the communications of the officers who protect Saddam Hussein and conceal his weapons of mass destruction .
the nyt front says the u.s. government admitted thursday that a u.s. spy went into iraq in the guise of a un weapons inspector and left an eavesdropping device behind that for ten months allowed the u.s. and `` a select elite '' within the un team to [watch] the communications of the officers who protect saddam hussein and conceal his weapons of mass destruction .

The papers do n't really get into it , but it 's hard to see how this use of an international body with special privileges is any different than say Saddam 's use of hospitals to house bioweapons production , or the already widely accepted practice of the U.S. military relying on the information provided by Baghdad-based TV crews to monitor its air offensives .
the papers do n't really get into it , but it 's hard to see how this use of an international body with special privileges is any different than say saddam 's use of hospitals to house bioweapons production , or the already widely accepted practice of the u.s. military relying on the information provided by baghdad-based tv crews to [watch] its air offensives .

The piece waits until its fifteenth paragraph to mention welfare reform , which removed a financial incentive for having children out of wedlock -- and then , claiming that the drop has been steady long before welfare reform was passed , says that `` according to some people who monitor fertility rates '' it was not a significant factor .
the piece waits until its fifteenth paragraph to mention welfare reform , which removed a financial incentive for having children out of wedlock -- and then , claiming that the drop has been steady long before welfare reform was passed , says that `` according to some people who [watch] fertility rates '' it was not a significant factor .

Mirage has hired a probation officer to monitor the ex-inmates and to help co-workers deal with discomfort -- a big problem , apparently .
mirage has hired a probation officer to [watch] the ex-inmates and to help co-workers deal with discomfort -- a big problem , apparently .

The Wall Street Journal notes that this week 's recall of a major heart drug , Posicor , and the disclosure of another ten deaths of men taking Viagra , are reminders that `` While pharmaceuticals manufacturers test their concoctions on several thousand subjects to monitor side-effects and efficacy , the real experiment begins only after a drug hits the market and vastly more people begin taking it . ''
the wall street journal notes that this week 's recall of a major heart drug , posicor , and the disclosure of another ten deaths of men taking viagra , are reminders that `` while pharmaceuticals manufacturers test their concoctions on several thousand subjects to [watch] side-effects and efficacy , the real experiment begins only after a drug hits the market and vastly more people begin taking it . ''

The NYT says the health identifier code would enable doctors and hospitals to monitor patients ' health even if they switch insurance plans , would make obtaining old medical records much easier , and would streamline billing .
the nyt says the health identifier code would enable doctors and hospitals to [watch] patients ' health even if they switch insurance plans , would make obtaining old medical records much easier , and would streamline billing .

I was particularly interested in one that would allow me to designate a variety of typestyles during keyboarding , ideally one that showed the styles on the monitor as the text was being typed .
i was particularly interested in one that would allow me to designate a variety of typestyles during keyboarding , ideally one that showed the styles on the [watch] as the text was being typed .

For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , I should explain ( with what I hope is merciful brevity ) that when you buy what is fondly called a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , which is the computer ; a monitor , which is a small TV set without the usual buttons ; and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters .
for those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , i should explain ( with what i hope is merciful brevity ) that when you buy what is fondly called a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , which is the computer ; a [watch] , which is a small tv set without the usual buttons ; and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters .

You can not display the entire word list to examine it , but , from the directory of programs I can invoke on the monitor , I know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .
you can not display the entire word list to examine it , but , from the directory of programs i can invoke on the [watch] , i know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .

They were quite capable of telling a British colleagues , We 've carried out a bronchoscopy , inserted an endotrachial tube , provided assisted ventilation , and positioned a catheter in his bladder to monitor his urinary output .
they were quite capable of telling a british colleagues , we 've carried out a bronchoscopy , inserted an endotrachial tube , provided assisted ventilation , and positioned a catheter in his bladder to [watch] his urinary output .

The next thing we shall hear is that Mr. Hall and his colleagues use such noun-verb abominations as film , record , tape , schedule , plan , program ( me ) , screen , air , monitor , and view .
the next thing we shall hear is that mr. hall and his colleagues use such noun-verb abominations as film , record , tape , schedule , plan , program ( me ) , screen , air , [watch] , and view .

I was particularly interested in one that would allow me to designate a variety of typestyles during keyboard-ing , ideally one that showed the styles on the monitor as the text was being typed .
i was particularly interested in one that would allow me to designate a variety of typestyles during keyboard-ing , ideally one that showed the styles on the [watch] as the text was being typed .

For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , I should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , a monitor , which is nothing but a small TV set , and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters : on mine , nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “ number pad , ” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator ; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “ F1 ” through “ F10 ” which , when pressed alone or in combination with another key , perform certain functions , some of which are useful , others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use .
for those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package , i should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “ personal ” computer , you get three pieces of equipment ( though they may be combined in some models or makes ) : a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back , a [watch] , which is nothing but a small tv set , and a keyboard , which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but , in many models sold today , has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters : on mine , nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “ number pad , ” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator ; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “ f1 ” through “ f10 ” which , when pressed alone or in combination with another key , perform certain functions , some of which are useful , others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which i never use .

I have not seen the word list , but , from the directory of programs I can invoke on the monitor , I know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .
i have not seen the word list , but , from the directory of programs i can invoke on the [watch] , i know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .

