Great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network .
great stress is placed on the role that the [watching] of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network .

By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers .
by [watching] , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers .

Without monitoring , a military hookup becomes a noisy party .
without [watching] , a military hookup becomes a noisy party .

The need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling .
the need for [watching] became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling .

Next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value .
next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without [watching] no network has value .

The monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence .
the [watching] is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence .

Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring .
even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by [watching] .

This monitoring is necessary because , on a parade ground , everyone can hear too much , and without monitoring a confused social event would develop .
this [watching] is necessary because , on a parade ground , everyone can hear too much , and without [watching] a confused social event would develop .

With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication .
with troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of [watching] is automatically enforced by the lines of communication .

It will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice .
it will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on [watching] is implied than is usually put into practice .

A project for the Air Force has been completed in which the NAIR infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of noxious or dangerous gases .
a project for the air force has been completed in which the nair infrared detecting device was developed for area [watching] of noxious or dangerous gases .

Rector's next stop was at the schoolroom , where Mavis was monitoring a test .
rector's next stop was at the schoolroom , where mavis was [watching] a test .

At Harwell laboratories , they 've been monitoring air pollution and found the levels went up during the recent hot spell .
at harwell laboratories , they 've been [watching] air pollution and found the levels went up during the recent hot spell .

Mum , that 's Carol , has been riding him out this week , while Dad , that 's Richard , the trainer and son , Tom have been masterminding and monitoring the build up .
mum , that 's carol , has been riding him out this week , while dad , that 's richard , the trainer and son , tom have been masterminding and [watching] the build up .

Scientists monitoring the level of solar radiation have warned people not to sunbathe without protection for more than forty minutes .
scientists [watching] the level of solar radiation have warned people not to sunbathe without protection for more than forty minutes .

Professor Brown had been in Colombia , training local scientists in pioneering techniques for monitoring volcanoes .
professor brown had been in colombia , training local scientists in pioneering techniques for [watching] volcanoes .

Andrew Smith says Oxford is probably no different to anywhere else , but it 's the only place monitoring the code .
andrew smith says oxford is probably no different to anywhere else , but it 's the only place [watching] the code .

Once the monitoring has established the precise level of radon present , it 's possible to install equipment , for around a thosand pounds , that 'll pump the gas out of the house .
once the [watching] has established the precise level of radon present , it 's possible to install equipment , for around a thosand pounds , that 'll pump the gas out of the house .

Dr Alastair McKinley is monitoring the amount of ultraviolet rays from the sun as part of his work at the National Radiological Protection Board .
dr alastair mckinley is [watching] the amount of ultraviolet rays from the sun as part of his work at the national radiological protection board .

We are aware of the likelihood of such monitoring .
we are aware of the likelihood of such [watching] .

For such monitoring to go on unsupervised would be wrong
for such [watching] to go on unsupervised would be wrong

Pinpoint monitoring has been provided by British Coal 's Coal Research Establishment at Stoke Orchard in Gloucestershire
pinpoint [watching] has been provided by british coal 's coal research establishment at stoke orchard in gloucestershire

Pinpoint monitoring has been provided by British Coal 's Coal Research Establishment at Stoke Orchard in Gloucestershire
pinpoint [watching] has been provided by british coal 's coal research establishment at stoke orchard in gloucestershire

Regular checks by it 's own monitoring team show only normal background radiation levels .
regular checks by it 's own [watching] team show only normal background radiation levels .

Following yesterday 's helicopter shooting in Yugoslavia , the European Community is halting truce monitoring until it receives safety assurances for its observers .
following yesterday 's helicopter shooting in yugoslavia , the european community is halting truce [watching] until it receives safety assurances for its observers .

The European Community is to resume peace monitoring in Yugoslavia in spite of the killing of five observers in a helicopter .
the european community is to resume peace [watching] in yugoslavia in spite of the killing of five observers in a helicopter .

It 's essential we can move the monitoring team around the site quickly and that they can interpret their findings immediately .
it 's essential we can move the [watching] team around the site quickly and that they can interpret their findings immediately .

Police are already monitoring the movements of travellers convoys and the exclusion order will give them widespread powers of arrest .
police are already [watching] the movements of travellers convoys and the exclusion order will give them widespread powers of arrest .

We are very closely monitoring the performance of the work .
we are very closely [watching] the performance of the work .

This research team from Oxford University is monitoring the effects on the river 's swan population of the ban on lead fishing weights 5 years ago .
this research team from oxford university is [watching] the effects on the river 's swan population of the ban on lead fishing weights 5 years ago .

Monitoring of healing is best done with serial ultrasonic scans as this is the best way of producing an image of what is occurring in the centre of a damaged tendon .
[watching] of healing is best done with serial ultrasonic scans as this is the best way of producing an image of what is occurring in the centre of a damaged tendon .

a deep drugs and ni not have erm some medical staff monitoring you .
a deep drugs and ni not have erm some medical staff [watching] you .

The unit will gradually take over from other Scottish Office staff , who have been involved with monitoring , sampling , policy and financial work relating to the tanker grounding .
the unit will gradually take over from other scottish office staff , who have been involved with [watching] , sampling , policy and financial work relating to the tanker grounding .

The surprise findings have worried island fishermen , who want more detailed monitoring to determine whether the oil is localised or spread over a wide area .
the surprise findings have worried island fishermen , who want more detailed [watching] to determine whether the oil is localised or spread over a wide area .

The results were reported by the Scottish Office in their latest monitoring bulletin .
the results were reported by the scottish office in their latest [watching] bulletin .

Both the Government and the medical profession are monitoring developments closely .
both the government and the medical profession are [watching] developments closely .

‘ It is something we are constantly monitoring through our intelligence gathering work , which is linked through a Paisley-based computer to a worldwide network of customs intelligence .
‘ it is something we are constantly [watching] through our intelligence gathering work , which is linked through a paisley-based computer to a worldwide network of customs intelligence .

Customs units throughout the north were involved all weekend in a patrol , interception and monitoring exercise called Operation Awake .
customs units throughout the north were involved all weekend in a patrol , interception and [watching] exercise called operation awake .

Monitoring work patterns , pay and conditions .
[watching] work patterns , pay and conditions .

However , it was alleged that Bedworth was trapped when staff at Leeds Polytechnic became suspicious and used monitoring equipment to record his activities .
however , it was alleged that bedworth was trapped when staff at leeds polytechnic became suspicious and used [watching] equipment to record his activities .

They are seeking public and private funding for the installation of about 30 cameras to provide 24-hour monitoring of city centre streets .
they are seeking public and private funding for the installation of about 30 cameras to provide 24-hour [watching] of city centre streets .

Officials suggest , however , that fighters and monitoring aircraft could be used to protect the operation .
officials suggest , however , that fighters and [watching] aircraft could be used to protect the operation .

The managing director of Noble Bros in Fraserburgh , Ian Smith , was today closely monitoring the situation in Roscoff , where his firm sends up to two tons of fish daily , but which is at the heart of violent French protests .
the managing director of noble bros in fraserburgh , ian smith , was today closely [watching] the situation in roscoff , where his firm sends up to two tons of fish daily , but which is at the heart of violent french protests .

The aim is to get more detailed information about levels of car fumes as part of the next phase of the district council 's monitoring programme .
the aim is to get more detailed information about levels of car fumes as part of the next phase of the district council 's [watching] programme .

The next stage of testing would include monitoring pollution levels along the proposed routes of Lothian Region 's Greenways project , which will create an extra 20 miles of bus lanes .
the next stage of testing would include [watching] pollution levels along the proposed routes of lothian region 's greenways project , which will create an extra 20 miles of bus lanes .

Mass lobbying , research and monitoring lorries are among the tactics planned in a campaign that would unite various communities , groups , and more than 6,000 petitioners from the Dales to Teesside .
mass lobbying , research and [watching] lorries are among the tactics planned in a campaign that would unite various communities , groups , and more than 6,000 petitioners from the dales to teesside .

Following a fatal accident in Easson Road , Darlington , councillors asked Durham County Council 's highways department to install speed monitoring equipment .
following a fatal accident in easson road , darlington , councillors asked durham county council 's highways department to install speed [watching] equipment .

But county hall staff say there are practical problems which prevent them from laying speed monitoring cables .
but county hall staff say there are practical problems which prevent them from laying speed [watching] cables .

Yesterday members of Darlington council 's transport committee asked officers to think again about solving the problems of speed monitoring .
yesterday members of darlington council 's transport committee asked officers to think again about solving the problems of speed [watching] .

Borough engineer Jim Gordon said the practical problems of installing monitoring equipment could be solved .
borough engineer jim gordon said the practical problems of installing [watching] equipment could be solved .

Yesterday a spokesman for the Serjeant at Arms , who is responsible for monitoring members ' behaviour , said the accusations against Mr Fallon would be investigated ‘ in due course ’ .
yesterday a spokesman for the serjeant at arms , who is responsible for [watching] members ' behaviour , said the accusations against mr fallon would be investigated ‘ in due course ’ .

The policy and resources committee backed a series of measures including arranging free glass etching sessions and regular monitoring of security and lighting at the council 's car parks .
the policy and resources committee backed a series of measures including arranging free glass etching sessions and regular [watching] of security and lighting at the council 's car parks .

These included setting and monitoring performance standards , reacting to consumer needs , improving staff training so employees could communicate better with the public and developing a simple complaints procedure .
these included setting and [watching] performance standards , reacting to consumer needs , improving staff training so employees could communicate better with the public and developing a simple complaints procedure .

Sir Hector , who was in Shetland yesterday for the fourth time this year , said monitoring of water and fish samples around the islands would continue for as long as was necessary .
sir hector , who was in shetland yesterday for the fourth time this year , said [watching] of water and fish samples around the islands would continue for as long as was necessary .

The petition called for an open public inquiry into the grounding of the tanker in January , strict tanker exclusion zones and improved ship monitoring and standards .
the petition called for an open public inquiry into the grounding of the tanker in january , strict tanker exclusion zones and improved ship [watching] and standards .

That problem was recognised last year and has led to the introduction of the year-long pilot project which is to be the subject of independent monitoring .
that problem was recognised last year and has led to the introduction of the year-long pilot project which is to be the subject of independent [watching] .

But Alcohol Concern called for careful monitoring of Mr Clarke 's proposed changes .
but alcohol concern called for careful [watching] of mr clarke 's proposed changes .

Monitoring of the screens during common working hours will create two jobs for disabled people .
[watching] of the screens during common working hours will create two jobs for disabled people .

Overseeing all this should be a press ombudsman , monitoring potential failures by the Press Commission and in the ways newspapers behave , with his own powers to levy a fine .
overseeing all this should be a press ombudsman , [watching] potential failures by the press commission and in the ways newspapers behave , with his own powers to levy a fine .

Mr d'Ancona says much of the monitoring work done in Glasgow is geared to identifying projects which could yield future orders for supply companies which officials will alert by phone as soon as a trade lead is spotted .
mr d'ancona says much of the [watching] work done in glasgow is geared to identifying projects which could yield future orders for supply companies which officials will alert by phone as soon as a trade lead is spotted .

The audit office also found that the Forestry Commission had not been consistently monitoring variations between its overall plan and adapted local programmes .
the audit office also found that the forestry commission had not been consistently [watching] variations between its overall plan and adapted local programmes .

Dwyer is monitoring the continuing rumpus over whether players should be involved with their provinces in 15-a-side competitions or opt to play for Australia in the sevens tournaments .
dwyer is [watching] the continuing rumpus over whether players should be involved with their provinces in 15-a-side competitions or opt to play for australia in the sevens tournaments .

He said : ‘ We lose one staff week by monitoring Sunday trading .
he said : ‘ we lose one staff week by [watching] sunday trading .

And monitoring is all it is as we can not prosecute .
and [watching] is all it is as we can not prosecute .

And she would want to see monitoring of any pubs admitting children , with premises carefully vetted before permission to let in youngsters was granted .
and she would want to see [watching] of any pubs admitting children , with premises carefully vetted before permission to let in youngsters was granted .

Tutor Viv Shelley will look at whether manufacturing industries are living up to the green images they promote , the adequacy of monitoring processes and ask what responsibility lies with the public .
tutor viv shelley will look at whether manufacturing industries are living up to the green images they promote , the adequacy of [watching] processes and ask what responsibility lies with the public .

The ecological monitoring group is a useful initiative to ensure that the environmental impacts of the spill would be assessed .
the ecological [watching] group is a useful initiative to ensure that the environmental impacts of the spill would be assessed .

However , to get some idea of the true impact , it is essential to put a comprehensive monitoring programme in place as soon as possible .
however , to get some idea of the true impact , it is essential to put a comprehensive [watching] programme in place as soon as possible .

For these reasons it is suggested that in tackling the problem , good monitoring arrangements should be coupled with an early involvement of school and parents .
for these reasons it is suggested that in tackling the problem , good [watching] arrangements should be coupled with an early involvement of school and parents .

This is to enable environmental health officers to organise a comprehensive monitoring programme .
this is to enable environmental health officers to organise a comprehensive [watching] programme .

It allows specification of a range of treatment measures and the commission , in its monitoring of patients on leave of absence , tries to ensure in each case that an appropriate range of services is provided .
it allows specification of a range of treatment measures and the commission , in its [watching] of patients on leave of absence , tries to ensure in each case that an appropriate range of services is provided .

The programme does not apportion blame , or claim a conclusive link , but it points up the lack of long-term monitoring on people working with the chemicals , and suggests warning labels on the products do not always make clear what type of protective clothing is suitable .
the programme does not apportion blame , or claim a conclusive link , but it points up the lack of long-term [watching] on people working with the chemicals , and suggests warning labels on the products do not always make clear what type of protective clothing is suitable .

‘ We are committed to the development of rugby league in Wales and will be monitoring their progress on the international scene during their home fixtures with New Zealand and France next season . ’
‘ we are committed to the development of rugby league in wales and will be [watching] their progress on the international scene during their home fixtures with new zealand and france next season . ’

Department officials had been monitoring the convoy which spent about two weeks at a roadside halt near Ardglass before slipping into Downpatrick overnight .
department officials had been [watching] the convoy which spent about two weeks at a roadside halt near ardglass before slipping into downpatrick overnight .

Several databases have been established to provide continuous monitoring of the health of individuals , e.g .
several databases have been established to provide continuous [watching] of the health of individuals , e.g .

Time series arising from monitoring a patient 's heartbeat or from remote sensing some variable at the bottom of an oil well are obvious examples .
time series arising from [watching] a patient 's heartbeat or from remote sensing some variable at the bottom of an oil well are obvious examples .

observation at , say , five-year intervals of historical time ) can suffer in the same way but , with continuous monitoring , the problem disappears .
observation at , say , five-year intervals of historical time ) can suffer in the same way but , with continuous [watching] , the problem disappears .

The term ‘ supervision ’ is used here to mean the monitoring of financial institutions for investor protection , prudential regulation , and structural regulation purposes combined .
the term ‘ supervision ’ is used here to mean the [watching] of financial institutions for investor protection , prudential regulation , and structural regulation purposes combined .

The effectiveness of formal control devices such as financial targets coupled with monitoring of performance is likely to be affected by institutional variables such as the quality of information produced and the arrangements made by controlling agencies to gain access to it .
the effectiveness of formal control devices such as financial targets coupled with [watching] of performance is likely to be affected by institutional variables such as the quality of information produced and the arrangements made by controlling agencies to gain access to it .

Initial sound pressure monitoring would first have to be carried out to assess the ‘ noise climate ’ along the route , said Michael Kennedy , principal environmental health officer .
initial sound pressure [watching] would first have to be carried out to assess the ‘ noise climate ’ along the route , said michael kennedy , principal environmental health officer .

This mainly involves monitoring speed limits and ensuring that all craft are licensed to use the waterway .
this mainly involves [watching] speed limits and ensuring that all craft are licensed to use the waterway .

The camera monitoring began last September in an attempt to safeguard the ancient monument .
the camera [watching] began last september in an attempt to safeguard the ancient monument .

But under tough new rules , companies must regularly consult local officials during exploration , discuss plans for seismic testing and drilling before they are carried out , and agree to on-site monitoring by Government officials .
but under tough new rules , companies must regularly consult local officials during exploration , discuss plans for seismic testing and drilling before they are carried out , and agree to on-site [watching] by government officials .

All four district councils in Cleveland have pledged to provide monitoring data relating to air pollution levels in their areas .
all four district councils in cleveland have pledged to provide [watching] data relating to air pollution levels in their areas .

He said he believed discontinuing to induce labour and then allowing Mrs Busuttil home without monitoring the baby 's heartbeat was not an adequate provision of care .
he said he believed discontinuing to induce labour and then allowing mrs busuttil home without [watching] the baby 's heartbeat was not an adequate provision of care .

Middlesbrough Council is monitoring the situation closely after receiving a spate of complaints .
middlesbrough council is [watching] the situation closely after receiving a spate of complaints .

And they claimed that early and regular monitoring of the baby in the womb could prevent the deaths altogether .
and they claimed that early and regular [watching] of the baby in the womb could prevent the deaths altogether .

Souness is also monitoring the situation at Tottenham and , in the wake of Terry Venables ' ousting as chief executive , could move for centreback Neil Ruddock if he fails to sign Scales .
souness is also [watching] the situation at tottenham and , in the wake of terry venables ' ousting as chief executive , could move for centreback neil ruddock if he fails to sign scales .

But John Bell , director of leisure services , added : ‘ We are gravely concerned about the incident and have taken steps to ensure that , by additional training and regular monitoring , the safety of schoolchildren at the pools , and swimmers generally , will continue to be of the highest priority . ’
but john bell , director of leisure services , added : ‘ we are gravely concerned about the incident and have taken steps to ensure that , by additional training and regular [watching] , the safety of schoolchildren at the pools , and swimmers generally , will continue to be of the highest priority . ’

He agreed to take part in a Liverpool Polytechnic experiment to assess the effect of stress on referees , by monitoring the heartbeat and pulse , taking other factors such as fitness into account .
he agreed to take part in a liverpool polytechnic experiment to assess the effect of stress on referees , by [watching] the heartbeat and pulse , taking other factors such as fitness into account .

‘ But it is good to know they are monitoring his progress . ’
‘ but it is good to know they are [watching] his progress . ’

The conditions aimed at protecting residents and the environment include noise and emission monitoring , a local liaison committee , a complaints procedure , and funding for road improvements
the conditions aimed at protecting residents and the environment include noise and emission [watching] , a local liaison committee , a complaints procedure , and funding for road improvements

Meanwhile Scotland Yard confirmed that officers from the Obscene Publications Squad have been closely monitoring the activities of the Children of God cult in Britain .
meanwhile scotland yard confirmed that officers from the obscene publications squad have been closely [watching] the activities of the children of god cult in britain .

Avon and Somerset Police told us they 've been monitoring the situation closely , but so far they 've been unable to press criminal charges .
avon and somerset police told us they 've been [watching] the situation closely , but so far they 've been unable to press criminal charges .

Health and safety experts have been monitoring the system , giving advice on the safest way to do the job .
health and safety experts have been [watching] the system , giving advice on the safest way to do the job .

Monitoring of large rivers has been made easier by a new device , which tells scientists where fish are lurking .
[watching] of large rivers has been made easier by a new device , which tells scientists where fish are lurking .

We 've got to have a good system of monitoring with a liason committee .
we 've got to have a good system of [watching] with a liason committee .

Here in an ancient Herefordshire broadleaved wood , members of the local Nature trust have been monitoring dormice for five years .
here in an ancient herefordshire broadleaved wood , members of the local nature trust have been [watching] dormice for five years .

It will be based on data collected from monitoring stations throughout the province .
it will be based on data collected from [watching] stations throughout the province .

It 's the organisation which erm universities themselves have set up and finance in order to promote those interests which all universities have in common , and this includes negotiations with the Government about erm money , it includes negotiations with erm university staff , erm and it includes a general service function of monitoring legislation , Government activity which affects universities , and generally promoting the universities in the public consciousness .
it 's the organisation which erm universities themselves have set up and finance in order to promote those interests which all universities have in common , and this includes negotiations with the government about erm money , it includes negotiations with erm university staff , erm and it includes a general service function of [watching] legislation , government activity which affects universities , and generally promoting the universities in the public consciousness .

Special care baby units are phenomenally expensive in equipment ; there 's an awful lot of monitoring equipment that 's required , and it has to be updated every few years , and the costs are quite out of proportion to the amount of money available to the health authority , so that er , on the whole , special care baby units throughout the country now rely virtually totally on charitable giving .
special care baby units are phenomenally expensive in equipment ; there 's an awful lot of [watching] equipment that 's required , and it has to be updated every few years , and the costs are quite out of proportion to the amount of money available to the health authority , so that er , on the whole , special care baby units throughout the country now rely virtually totally on charitable giving .

First though , Help the Aged and the Influenza Monitoring Bureau have joined forces to encourage all people over the age of sixty five and those in high risk groups to get a flu jab .
first though , help the aged and the influenza [watching] bureau have joined forces to encourage all people over the age of sixty five and those in high risk groups to get a flu jab .

We have intensified our monitoring at Farmoor , spending in the region of one million pounds , er to monitor further for the parasite cryptosporidium .
we have intensified our [watching] at farmoor , spending in the region of one million pounds , er to monitor further for the parasite cryptosporidium .

It is this sort of intensive monitoring which we think and know acts as a guarantee to our customers , that we are doing all that is possible to avoid a further outbreak of this er parasite .
it is this sort of intensive [watching] which we think and know acts as a guarantee to our customers , that we are doing all that is possible to avoid a further outbreak of this er parasite .

There are three full-time staff doing nothing else , they have also got closed monitoring , closed circuit television , and things of that nature , and we 're going to look at all that too , to see whether we can even then , improve matters .
there are three full-time staff doing nothing else , they have also got closed [watching] , closed circuit television , and things of that nature , and we 're going to look at all that too , to see whether we can even then , improve matters .

Oxford Medical 's work in sleep monitoring is also said to help people suffering from epilepsy or sleep disorders .
oxford medical 's work in sleep [watching] is also said to help people suffering from epilepsy or sleep disorders .

As a multi-skilled employee , her shifts involve chemical analysis , production monitoring and work as a colourist .
as a multi-skilled employee , her shifts involve chemical analysis , production [watching] and work as a colourist .

But although great strides have been taken in recent years to reduce the levels of dioxins in the environment , many governments recognise more research and monitoring is needed .
but although great strides have been taken in recent years to reduce the levels of dioxins in the environment , many governments recognise more research and [watching] is needed .

Using the latest technology , the effluent monitoring system continuously measures the flow , acidity , temperature , total organic carbon and suspended solids at five strategic points .
using the latest technology , the effluent [watching] system continuously measures the flow , acidity , temperature , total organic carbon and suspended solids at five strategic points .

This information is transmitted to Billingham 's River Tees monitoring centre where visual display units and alarms will give an early warning to staff if something is wrong .
this information is transmitted to billingham 's river tees [watching] centre where visual display units and alarms will give an early warning to staff if something is wrong .

But whereas the mum-to-be would normally have found themselves admitted for a spell in hospital for monitoring , the centre can do it in a day .
but whereas the mum-to-be would normally have found themselves admitted for a spell in hospital for [watching] , the centre can do it in a day .

Monitoring Progress
[watching] progress

The first focus of the strategy is on simple housekeeping measures — stopping leaks , minimising unnecessary use and better monitoring .
the first focus of the strategy is on simple housekeeping measures — stopping leaks , minimising unnecessary use and better [watching] .

Monitoring of nitrogen oxide
[watching] of nitrogen oxide

Disclosure of environmental information is an essential element in monitoring the progress towards achieving these objectives .
disclosure of environmental information is an essential element in [watching] the progress towards achieving these objectives .

Continuous assessment , using a wide range of criteria , ensures a careful monitoring of progress and development .
continuous assessment , using a wide range of criteria , ensures a careful [watching] of progress and development .

Release of this information is a key step in monitoring progress towards the Group 's target of 50 per cent waste reduction by 1995 .
release of this information is a key step in [watching] progress towards the group 's target of 50 per cent waste reduction by 1995 .

Major deteriorations in the Thames and South West regions , with more than half attributed to increased monitoring , have heavily influenced these national figures .
major deteriorations in the thames and south west regions , with more than half attributed to increased [watching] , have heavily influenced these national figures .

Ensuring that all the necessary environmental rules and regulations are met is also Mike 's responsibility , so close liaison with official organisations is another aspect of his daily workload , as is organising and ensuring routine waste monitoring and , if a problem crops up , resolving it .
ensuring that all the necessary environmental rules and regulations are met is also mike 's responsibility , so close liaison with official organisations is another aspect of his daily workload , as is organising and ensuring routine waste [watching] and , if a problem crops up , resolving it .

£30,000 for new effluent monitoring station
£30,000 for new effluent [watching] station

Updated refresher training sessions were held for plant operators and new reporting procedures brought in to cover routine monitoring .
updated refresher training sessions were held for plant operators and new reporting procedures brought in to cover routine [watching] .

‘ We must set up processes of measurement which give us the basis for improvement targetting and monitoring progress .
‘ we must set up processes of measurement which give us the basis for improvement targetting and [watching] progress .

As well as monitoring haulier performance , we initiated many projects where we knew savings could be made . Here are two examples :
as well as [watching] haulier performance , we initiated many projects where we knew savings could be made . here are two examples :

Monitoring systems set up and haulier 's performance reviewed on regular basis
[watching] systems set up and haulier 's performance reviewed on regular basis

Junior health minister Tim Yeo has ruled out formal monitoring of unmet need under the community care reforms , flying in the face of advice form the all-party Commons Health Committee .
junior health minister tim yeo has ruled out formal [watching] of unmet need under the community care reforms , flying in the face of advice form the all-party commons health committee .

But he insisted there would be ‘ considerable ’ monitoring of other aspects of community care including assessments , where the DoH will be keeping watch on eligibility criteria for services .
but he insisted there would be ‘ considerable ’ [watching] of other aspects of community care including assessments , where the doh will be keeping watch on eligibility criteria for services .

Yeo refused to rule out further statutory directions from the government if monitoring revealed a need for them .
yeo refused to rule out further statutory directions from the government if [watching] revealed a need for them .

‘ We will be doing very considerable monitoring about the implementation of the policy generally ’ , he said .
‘ we will be doing very considerable [watching] about the implementation of the policy generally ’ , he said .

Yeo 's undertaking is unlikely to satisfy the Health Committee , which last week called for monitoring of resources and the ‘ outcome for local authorities and users of services ’ .
yeo 's undertaking is unlikely to satisfy the health committee , which last week called for [watching] of resources and the ‘ outcome for local authorities and users of services ’ .

Yeo told Community Care that ‘ thematic monitoring ’ of SSDs would start around the middle of the year , looking at how effectively money is being spent , user choice , and development of the independent sector and domiciliary services .
yeo told community care that ‘ thematic [watching] ’ of ssds would start around the middle of the year , looking at how effectively money is being spent , user choice , and development of the independent sector and domiciliary services .

But the meeting , described as ‘ wary ’ , produced the standard response : the government would be monitoring the situation for three months .
but the meeting , described as ‘ wary ’ , produced the standard response : the government would be [watching] the situation for three months .

Given the inability of the government and local authorities to agree on funding for community care , the report , not surprisingly , puts great emphasis on monitoring the progress of the reforms .
given the inability of the government and local authorities to agree on funding for community care , the report , not surprisingly , puts great emphasis on [watching] the progress of the reforms .

Records of assessed need will form a large part of the monitoring process but this wide-ranging report makes it clear that there are several other factors to watch .
records of assessed need will form a large part of the [watching] process but this wide-ranging report makes it clear that there are several other factors to watch .

‘ We welcome its recommendation that the government should undertake an extensive programme of monitoring ‘ ton ensure that local authorities have the necessary resources to fulfil their new responsibilities ’ .
‘ we welcome its recommendation that the government should undertake an extensive programme of [watching] ‘ ton ensure that local authorities have the necessary resources to fulfil their new responsibilities ’ .

The latest circular provides a new set of priorities raised by the most recent round of monitoring in January .
the latest circular provides a new set of priorities raised by the most recent round of [watching] in january .

Tim Yeo , the junior health minister , has revealed to Community Care the limits of DoH monitoring of the reforms after 1 April ( News , page 1 ) .
tim yeo , the junior health minister , has revealed to community care the limits of doh [watching] of the reforms after 1 april ( news , page 1 ) .

Mr Yeo says the DoH will be ‘ keeping an eye ’ on these issues through further monitoring of the reforms after the spring .
mr yeo says the doh will be ‘ keeping an eye ’ on these issues through further [watching] of the reforms after the spring .

This is his idea of ‘ considerable monitoring ’ .
this is his idea of ‘ considerable [watching] ’ .

Mr Yeo confirms the DoH will not be monitoring identified needs for which no service is available .
mr yeo confirms the doh will not be [watching] identified needs for which no service is available .

The study says contact with communities and information gathering would improve if authorities developed a comprehensive system for ‘ ethnic record-keeping and monitoring ’ .
the study says contact with communities and information gathering would improve if authorities developed a comprehensive system for ‘ ethnic record-keeping and [watching] ’ .

The short answer is ‘ Yes ’ , although most authorities will try to head off catastrophe by pacing their expenditure using intensive monitoring as their guide .
the short answer is ‘ yes ’ , although most authorities will try to head off catastrophe by pacing their expenditure using intensive [watching] as their guide .

Other indicators of expenditure which will be monitored — though the extent of monitoring will vary between authorities — will be the rate and volume of contributions from relatives and charities , and the cost of placements in residential homes .
other indicators of expenditure which will be monitored — though the extent of [watching] will vary between authorities — will be the rate and volume of contributions from relatives and charities , and the cost of placements in residential homes .

Authorities on the cutting edge of independent care management will have to intensify their monitoring of assessment costs in order to get quick handle on their care managers ' expenditure .
authorities on the cutting edge of independent care management will have to intensify their [watching] of assessment costs in order to get quick handle on their care managers ' expenditure .

Surely all this calls for monitoring how the funding works nationally .
surely all this calls for [watching] how the funding works nationally .

The Memorandum of Good Practice on videotaping children 's disclosures is still fraught with difficulties in practice . Polly Neate reports on calls for more monitoring of its implementation
the memorandum of good practice on videotaping children 's disclosures is still fraught with difficulties in practice . polly neate reports on calls for more [watching] of its implementation

They fit uneasily — tight monitoring is vital to see how the balance is struck .
they fit uneasily — tight [watching] is vital to see how the balance is struck .

The manufacturer may also experience difficulty in monitoring developments and changes in the overseas market and adapting to these changes in good time .
the manufacturer may also experience difficulty in [watching] developments and changes in the overseas market and adapting to these changes in good time .

The Corrective Action took two forms — formal monitoring of the beard blower 's operation and increased awareness of the complaint through publicity .
the corrective action took two forms — formal [watching] of the beard blower 's operation and increased awareness of the complaint through publicity .

Waiting list monitoring , outpatient department review , observation , visits erm nursing audit , medical audit , care review , qualifications check .
waiting list [watching] , outpatient department review , observation , visits erm nursing audit , medical audit , care review , qualifications check .

Test kits to hand , Ian has been monitoring most of our tanks , with startling results .
test kits to hand , ian has been [watching] most of our tanks , with startling results .

Meanwhile , the Picasso Trigger needs constant water tests and monitoring , like all marine fish , and should get us into good habits again . Now if we can just lower our tapwater nitrate levels …
meanwhile , the picasso trigger needs constant water tests and [watching] , like all marine fish , and should get us into good habits again . now if we can just lower our tapwater nitrate levels …

This last feature is quite a nice touch , because it would enable control over a mono mix of your amp 's signal for monitoring purposes .
this last feature is quite a nice touch , because it would enable control over a mono mix of your amp 's signal for [watching] purposes .

An aid can be very helpful in the monitoring of speech and voice and in helping to assess the amount of background noise .
an aid can be very helpful in the [watching] of speech and voice and in helping to assess the amount of background noise .

Nearly half did n't know about the official guidelines and a quarter admitted they had no monitoring procedures .
nearly half did n't know about the official guidelines and a quarter admitted they had no [watching] procedures .

Typical examples of its use are in data acquisition ( monitoring temperature , pressure and strain gauges ) and digital audio sampling .
typical examples of its use are in data acquisition ( [watching] temperature , pressure and strain gauges ) and digital audio sampling .

His job involves monitoring products to ensure they reflect the manufacturer 's claims .
his job involves [watching] products to ensure they reflect the manufacturer 's claims .

There are at present in Britain something like 120,000 police and although some of these are in the Fraud Squad , they represent an exceedingly small per cent of the force , and in any case , the majority of their work consists of monitoring and prosecuting white collar rather than corporate criminals .
there are at present in britain something like 120,000 police and although some of these are in the fraud squad , they represent an exceedingly small per cent of the force , and in any case , the majority of their work consists of [watching] and prosecuting white collar rather than corporate criminals .

The Foggitt family have been monitoring the weather in Thirsk , North Yorkshire , since 1881 .
the foggitt family have been [watching] the weather in thirsk , north yorkshire , since 1881 .

The report also suggest that there will need to be a greater commitment to wardening , monitoring and maintenance in future , if the situation is not to deteriorate again after the completion of repairs .
the report also suggest that there will need to be a greater commitment to wardening , [watching] and maintenance in future , if the situation is not to deteriorate again after the completion of repairs .

It will study giving ‘ stop and search ’ power to warships monitoring sanctions in the Adriatic .
it will study giving ‘ stop and search ’ power to warships [watching] sanctions in the adriatic .

Angeli once photographed His Holiness , dripping wet , in woollen underwear , after fixing a video to a tree and monitoring the pontiff 's early morning swims .
angeli once photographed his holiness , dripping wet , in woollen underwear , after fixing a video to a tree and [watching] the pontiff 's early morning swims .

Suddenly ‘ racism awareness ’ training , day nurseries , and sex-equality monitoring programmes were the order of the day .
suddenly ‘ racism awareness ’ training , day nurseries , and sex-equality [watching] programmes were the order of the day .

Thus for Campbell the effectiveness of law as a means of controlling international nuclear force would be enhanced by the introduction at an international level of the type of legal process found in municipal legal systems , such as legislatures , courts , enforcement and monitoring agencies .
thus for campbell the effectiveness of law as a means of controlling international nuclear force would be enhanced by the introduction at an international level of the type of legal process found in municipal legal systems , such as legislatures , courts , enforcement and [watching] agencies .

It does not seem possible with the research which their Central Office are regularly doing , and with the continual monitoring of public opinion , that they did not have some idea as to how people would react .
it does not seem possible with the research which their central office are regularly doing , and with the continual [watching] of public opinion , that they did not have some idea as to how people would react .

But it had been a heavy agenda : the revised safety plan still in draft ; the rationalization of the internal structure from the present seven departments to three under engineering , production and resources ; the report of the district survey laboratory on their monitoring of the environment ; the preliminary agenda for the local liaison committee .
but it had been a heavy agenda : the revised safety plan still in draft ; the rationalization of the internal structure from the present seven departments to three under engineering , production and resources ; the report of the district survey laboratory on their [watching] of the environment ; the preliminary agenda for the local liaison committee .

Monitoring will continue for two years after implementation , with lessons learned used to produce guidelines for local authorities to extend their accident reduction programmes .
[watching] will continue for two years after implementation , with lessons learned used to produce guidelines for local authorities to extend their accident reduction programmes .

South West Surrey Community Health Council , a body responsible for monitoring standards of patient care , also recently confirmed their satisfaction with the service and commented on the professionalism .
south west surrey community health council , a body responsible for [watching] standards of patient care , also recently confirmed their satisfaction with the service and commented on the professionalism .

Yorkshire may have been slightly tardy in not monitoring his schoolboy progress .
yorkshire may have been slightly tardy in not [watching] his schoolboy progress .

First , ‘ most authorities do not have systematic arrangements for regularly collecting and monitoring curricular information from their schools ’ .
first , ‘ most authorities do not have systematic arrangements for regularly collecting and [watching] curricular information from their schools ’ .

We have now carried out successfully a total of 27 national surveys without undue disruption to schools , with the general support of the LEAs and teachers concerned … and with the enthusiastic cooperation of the children we have tested … Many of the suspicions which existed when the unit was set up , both about the political motivation for its creation and the likely effects of national monitoring on the curriculum , have been allayed ( if not entirely put to rest ) by the way in which the exercise has been carried out , by the sensitivities displayed by the monitoring teams , by the way in which groups of teachers up and down the country have been involved in the development , trialling and pre-testing of materials , and by the cool , impartial way in which the results have been presented .
we have now carried out successfully a total of 27 national surveys without undue disruption to schools , with the general support of the leas and teachers concerned … and with the enthusiastic cooperation of the children we have tested … many of the suspicions which existed when the unit was set up , both about the political motivation for its creation and the likely effects of national [watching] on the curriculum , have been allayed ( if not entirely put to rest ) by the way in which the exercise has been carried out , by the sensitivities displayed by the [watching] teams , by the way in which groups of teachers up and down the country have been involved in the development , trialling and pre-testing of materials , and by the cool , impartial way in which the results have been presented .

For example , how does research differ from monitoring and evaluation ?
for example , how does research differ from [watching] and evaluation ?

It is a feature that distinguishes research from monitoring , where we take categories and definitions as ‘ given ’ and do not worry too much about the nature of the phenomena being recorded .
it is a feature that distinguishes research from [watching] , where we take categories and definitions as ‘ given ’ and do not worry too much about the nature of the phenomena being recorded .

When modifications are made to the categories employed in the monitoring , large statistical changes can follow .
when modifications are made to the categories employed in the [watching] , large statistical changes can follow .

The mechanisms through which this stimulation occurs include rocking , chest movement , touch , and noise , all of which are concomitants of close proximity to other people and affect levels of arousal ; mothers sleeping close to infants also contribute to the monitoring and control of temperature and chemical microenvironment ( particularly carbon dioxide levels ) .
the mechanisms through which this stimulation occurs include rocking , chest movement , touch , and noise , all of which are concomitants of close proximity to other people and affect levels of arousal ; mothers sleeping close to infants also contribute to the [watching] and control of temperature and chemical microenvironment ( particularly carbon dioxide levels ) .

ethnic monitoring
ethnic [watching]

Consistent ethnic monitoring of both births and deaths is needed to provide accurate information on the local variations in the incidence of sudden infant deaths .
consistent ethnic [watching] of both births and deaths is needed to provide accurate information on the local variations in the incidence of sudden infant deaths .

Remote monitoring service
remote [watching] service

The Toshiba radar rainfall monitoring system is designed to alert local governments to unexpectedly heavy rainfall , so it gives plenty of advance warning for extra drainage and emergency pumps .
the toshiba radar rainfall [watching] system is designed to alert local governments to unexpectedly heavy rainfall , so it gives plenty of advance warning for extra drainage and emergency pumps .

Resulting from our systematical radio monitoring work around the clock all over the world .
resulting from our systematical radio [watching] work around the clock all over the world .

They will advise on the distribution of the fund 's money and act as local contacts , as well as promoting the grants , advising potential applicants and monitoring projects that receive the grants .
they will advise on the distribution of the fund 's money and act as local contacts , as well as promoting the grants , advising potential applicants and [watching] projects that receive the grants .

Monitoring seismic activity
[watching] seismic activity

Within the United Kingdom monitoring network , eight low-gain seismographs maintained for such large earthquakes were able to record the peak values of ground motion throughout Britain .
within the united kingdom [watching] network , eight low-gain seismographs maintained for such large earthquakes were able to record the peak values of ground motion throughout britain .

The Geomagnetism Group issues daily geomagnetic activity forecasts , making use of the most recent information on solar activity , and operates a real-time geomagnetic disturbance monitoring service for commercial customers .
the geomagnetism group issues daily geomagnetic activity forecasts , making use of the most recent information on solar activity , and operates a real-time geomagnetic disturbance [watching] service for commercial customers .

The visitors would act as spokesmen and advisers for clergy who remain opposed to women priests and assist the archbishops in monitoring the arrangements made for them .
the visitors would act as spokesmen and advisers for clergy who remain opposed to women priests and assist the archbishops in [watching] the arrangements made for them .

The unit has a full range of centralised monitoring , its own blood gas analyser and facilities for haemofiltration and long- and short-term ventilation .
the unit has a full range of centralised [watching] , its own blood gas analyser and facilities for haemofiltration and long- and short-term ventilation .

Accepting that contracted beds are a cost-effective , client-oriented solution , the Medway Health Authority committed itself to inspect nursing homes , monitoring standards and promoting good practice through a contractual process in addition to the statutory inspection and registration requirements .
accepting that contracted beds are a cost-effective , client-oriented solution , the medway health authority committed itself to inspect nursing homes , [watching] standards and promoting good practice through a contractual process in addition to the statutory inspection and registration requirements .

The monitoring process is not an end in itself , and the resulting audit identified training needs for trained and untrained nursing home staff .
the [watching] process is not an end in itself , and the resulting audit identified training needs for trained and untrained nursing home staff .

Explanations of monitoring , ventilation and medical care given
explanations of [watching] , ventilation and medical care given

In an attempt to keep abreast of current changes in care provision and in order to provide effective health care , many nurses are involved in identifying , setting and monitoring standards .
in an attempt to keep abreast of current changes in care provision and in order to provide effective health care , many nurses are involved in identifying , setting and [watching] standards .

The ‘ March for Justice ’ , on 28 March in Newham , was not organised by the Anti-Racist Alliance , but by the Deane Family/i Campaign and the Sahitharan Memorial Committee in conjunction with Newham Monitoring Project .
the ‘ march for justice ’ , on 28 march in newham , was not organised by the anti-racist alliance , but by the deane family/i campaign and the sahitharan memorial committee in conjunction with newham [watching] project .

She defines control as the task of monitoring the outcome of activities and if necessary taking corrective action ( Woodward 1970 , 38 ) .
she defines control as the task of [watching] the outcome of activities and if necessary taking corrective action ( woodward 1970 , 38 ) .

The social scientist charged with monitoring and evaluating the project ( Goodman 1979 ) refused to answer the question as to whether or not the experiment had been a success , asserting that this was the wrong question .
the social scientist charged with [watching] and evaluating the project ( goodman 1979 ) refused to answer the question as to whether or not the experiment had been a success , asserting that this was the wrong question .

The Home Office gives officers a list of suggestions about how to contact voters , but there 's no formal monitoring of its effectiveness .
the home office gives officers a list of suggestions about how to contact voters , but there 's no formal [watching] of its effectiveness .

The latest edition of Year-end Tax Planning for Companies is very useful in monitoring a company 's financial progress . It includes the following checklist for tax deductions and tax losses :
the latest edition of year-end tax planning for companies is very useful in [watching] a company 's financial progress . it includes the following checklist for tax deductions and tax losses :

With the prospect of continuing struggles with the factory workers over the safety conditions in the factory , and with a highly suspicious community monitoring its dumping operations , the company could afford no further mistakes .
with the prospect of continuing struggles with the factory workers over the safety conditions in the factory , and with a highly suspicious community [watching] its dumping operations , the company could afford no further mistakes .

The County Council had also now to increase its monitoring of dumping operations in response to community concerns .
the county council had also now to increase its [watching] of dumping operations in response to community concerns .

The Osaka Police Department says plans are on the board to increase monitoring of computer bulletin boards used to distribute and sell illegal pornography .
the osaka police department says plans are on the board to increase [watching] of computer bulletin boards used to distribute and sell illegal pornography .

‘ Tell her to set up Room 403 , for full scrambler equipment , and external telephone and telex communication connected into the central processor for monitoring .
‘ tell her to set up room 403 , for full scrambler equipment , and external telephone and telex communication connected into the central processor for [watching] .

The receiver gave out two faint clicks as the call was bypassed into the central monitoring system before being shunted through to the appropriate department .
the receiver gave out two faint clicks as the call was bypassed into the central [watching] system before being shunted through to the appropriate department .

With this Phil Barlow capitulates and agrees that he has no objection to this appointment provided it is merely a monitoring job where no direct links are made with parents .
with this phil barlow capitulates and agrees that he has no objection to this appointment provided it is merely a [watching] job where no direct links are made with parents .

The concept of ‘ teaching by objectives ’ , and regular progress monitoring , can be regarded as offering a system whereby no child slips through the net .
the concept of ‘ teaching by objectives ’ , and regular progress [watching] , can be regarded as offering a system whereby no child slips through the net .

Heads of year/house monitoring the work of form tutors
heads of year/house [watching] the work of form tutors

Priority had to be given to the statutory duties of constructing and publishing procedures for the assessment of pupils with special needs and the monitoring of their progress .
priority had to be given to the statutory duties of constructing and publishing procedures for the assessment of pupils with special needs and the [watching] of their progress .

‘ There 's no point in us getting involved at present , although we are closely monitoring the situation .
‘ there 's no point in us getting involved at present , although we are closely [watching] the situation .

He knew the call , even from Tobolsk , was probably going through a series of monitoring stations .
he knew the call , even from tobolsk , was probably going through a series of [watching] stations .

They looked at psychological processes simply because they were the only way of monitoring what the brain might be doing .
they looked at psychological processes simply because they were the only way of [watching] what the brain might be doing .

Finally , advances in instrumentation have encouraged the study of neural correlates of behaviour , either by monitoring the electrical activity of cells or , very recently , by analysing the metabolic activity of different brain areas .
finally , advances in instrumentation have encouraged the study of neural correlates of behaviour , either by [watching] the electrical activity of cells or , very recently , by analysing the metabolic activity of different brain areas .

With this technique it is possible to restrict activation to a few cells and , by simultaneously monitoring single unit activity through a nearby recording electrode , establish the extent of spread of effective stimulation .
with this technique it is possible to restrict activation to a few cells and , by simultaneously [watching] single unit activity through a nearby recording electrode , establish the extent of spread of effective stimulation .

The other allows for continuous monitoring ( Raichle 1983 ) .
the other allows for continuous [watching] ( raichle 1983 ) .

Both suggest that the brain does this by monitoring the statistical properties of activity .
both suggest that the brain does this by [watching] the statistical properties of activity .

As well as a basic management framework a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management framework a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory [watching] and analysis , client/server application management and operations management .

The poor relationships between siblings was more common in families which had little organization , poor discipline , and monitoring of the children by the parents .
the poor relationships between siblings was more common in families which had little organization , poor discipline , and [watching] of the children by the parents .

Advice to parents is based on a mixture of behaviour management skills , nutritional help , reassurance , and building up the parents ’ confidence in coping with the child and at times long-term support with careful monitoring of the child 's weight and the parent-child relationship ( Douglas and Richman 1984 ) .
advice to parents is based on a mixture of behaviour management skills , nutritional help , reassurance , and building up the parents ’ confidence in coping with the child and at times long-term support with careful [watching] of the child 's weight and the parent-child relationship ( douglas and richman 1984 ) .

This type of case requires a long-term treatment plan using multi-disciplinary resources and requires careful monitoring over the course of many months or perhaps years if the child is to stay with the family .
this type of case requires a long-term treatment plan using multi-disciplinary resources and requires careful [watching] over the course of many months or perhaps years if the child is to stay with the family .

But this monitoring was for many students inconsistent with their future leading roles in Chinese industry , commerce and society in general .
but this [watching] was for many students inconsistent with their future leading roles in chinese industry , commerce and society in general .

Equally , he has been monitoring petitions organised by various bodies and puts the signature level at above the 100,000 mark .
equally , he has been [watching] petitions organised by various bodies and puts the signature level at above the 100,000 mark .

The tasks of planning and liaising , and monitoring are of particular relevance here .
the tasks of planning and liaising , and [watching] are of particular relevance here .

Monitoring services Once the services have been arranged it is tempting for social workers to withdraw from the situation .
[watching] services once the services have been arranged it is tempting for social workers to withdraw from the situation .

The ongoing monitoring and support of services in a planned way is also required .
the ongoing [watching] and support of services in a planned way is also required .

The fact that monitoring and evaluation are built into this way of working adds to the efficient use of resources , particularly by breaking up activities and the focus of work in a long-term situation .
the fact that [watching] and evaluation are built into this way of working adds to the efficient use of resources , particularly by breaking up activities and the focus of work in a long-term situation .

There is a sign that big businesses on either large scale or multiple units are moving into this market , thus leading to a need for even closer monitoring in view of the vulnerability of many residents .
there is a sign that big businesses on either large scale or multiple units are moving into this market , thus leading to a need for even closer [watching] in view of the vulnerability of many residents .

Monitoring and reviewing
[watching] and reviewing

Siegel stabbed a finger at the ‘ scope monitoring Doyle 's neural activity .
siegel stabbed a finger at the ‘ scope [watching] doyle 's neural activity .

Monitoring conventional medical practice
[watching] conventional medical practice

The counsellor can play an important part in monitoring the quality , effectiveness and possible iatrogenic effects of medical treatment , and can do so without necessarily bringing into question medical authority or competence .
the counsellor can play an important part in [watching] the quality , effectiveness and possible iatrogenic effects of medical treatment , and can do so without necessarily bringing into question medical authority or competence .

Hospital post-mortems , he goes on , are requested as a method of monitoring diagnostic technique and refining clinical skills .
hospital post-mortems , he goes on , are requested as a method of [watching] diagnostic technique and refining clinical skills .

The Cadbury report itself suggests a different approach to monitoring compliance .
the cadbury report itself suggests a different approach to [watching] compliance .

Ignorance is not a credible excuse and any practitioner found in serious breach of regulations — which have been with us now for more than four years — can expect the Joint Monitoring Unit to be less than sympathetic .
ignorance is not a credible excuse and any practitioner found in serious breach of regulations — which have been with us now for more than four years — can expect the joint [watching] unit to be less than sympathetic .

Imro concluded that it was ‘ not good enough ’ — monitoring was applied over-literally , higher-risk members were less easy to identify , and the response to the crises of the last days was not adequate .
imro concluded that it was ‘ not good enough ’ — [watching] was applied over-literally , higher-risk members were less easy to identify , and the response to the crises of the last days was not adequate .

By monitoring the cell 's behaviour during treatment by such a piezo-electric technique , it is possible to measure and control the progress being made in reversing the transformation process .
by [watching] the cell 's behaviour during treatment by such a piezo-electric technique , it is possible to measure and control the progress being made in reversing the transformation process .

The Court further concluded that the drafting of individual conditions of sale by each publisher would not impose an undue commercial burden , and that the Association had not advanced any arguments to show the impracticability of monitoring such individual agreements .
the court further concluded that the drafting of individual conditions of sale by each publisher would not impose an undue commercial burden , and that the association had not advanced any arguments to show the impracticability of [watching] such individual agreements .

An earpiece socket — essential for monitoring the sound as it goes onto the tape .
an earpiece socket — essential for [watching] the sound as it goes onto the tape .

All camcorders are fitted with an onboard microphone , and many but not all have a socket for monitoring the incoming or recorded sound on an earpiece or headphones ; many also provide a socket for plugging-in an extension microphone .
all camcorders are fitted with an onboard microphone , and many but not all have a socket for [watching] the incoming or recorded sound on an earpiece or headphones ; many also provide a socket for plugging-in an extension microphone .

Although the regime is over a year old , routine monitoring , which is the main source of information about the state of auditing , only started in April 1992 .
although the regime is over a year old , routine [watching] , which is the main source of information about the state of auditing , only started in april 1992 .

During the year , the Institute has been disseminating lessons learned from monitoring , through courses , newsletters and articles .
during the year , the institute has been disseminating lessons learned from [watching] , through courses , newsletters and articles .

The most important aid to establishing absenteeism patterns is the introduction of computer-based monitoring systems .
the most important aid to establishing absenteeism patterns is the introduction of computer-based [watching] systems .

However , these are much more sophisticated these days and the basic information collected on the shopfloor can be down-loaded to payroll systems and to absence monitoring modules to provide the personnel department with instantaneous information about who is in .
however , these are much more sophisticated these days and the basic information collected on the shopfloor can be down-loaded to payroll systems and to absence [watching] modules to provide the personnel department with instantaneous information about who is in .

Absence monitoring , which can operate as part of Delphi 's integrated human resource management suite , allows users to record all periods of employee absence , detailing durations and reasons for absence , such as holidays , lieu days , jury service , compassionate leave , study leave , examinations , Territorial Army and sickness .
absence [watching] , which can operate as part of delphi 's integrated human resource management suite , allows users to record all periods of employee absence , detailing durations and reasons for absence , such as holidays , lieu days , jury service , compassionate leave , study leave , examinations , territorial army and sickness .

Although Midland Software has always had an absence monitoring module , Mr Shepherd identifies two reasons for the new approach reflected in Delphi Absence .
although midland software has always had an absence [watching] module , mr shepherd identifies two reasons for the new approach reflected in delphi absence .

When Harwood Consultancy became involved in personnel software during the eighties , absence monitoring was ‘ about booking holidays and planning absences .
when harwood consultancy became involved in personnel software during the eighties , absence [watching] was ‘ about booking holidays and planning absences .

One software company , Data Collection Systems , has a dedicated package — called Core Control — for monitoring flexi-time .
one software company , data collection systems , has a dedicated package — called core control — for [watching] flexi-time .

‘ Before we had the system , sick cards and payroll were the best method we had of monitoring absenteeism .
‘ before we had the system , sick cards and payroll were the best method we had of [watching] absenteeism .

The technology for monitoring absenteeism is there for the companies that want to take control of what can be a major expense and loss of competitive edge .
the technology for [watching] absenteeism is there for the companies that want to take control of what can be a major expense and loss of competitive edge .

While still dealing with a steady flow of new applications , the committee has now become more concerned with its main tasks of monitoring compliance with the regulations , and considering whether firms and partners satisfy the requirement of being ‘ fit and proper ’ .
while still dealing with a steady flow of new applications , the committee has now become more concerned with its main tasks of [watching] compliance with the regulations , and considering whether firms and partners satisfy the requirement of being ‘ fit and proper ’ .

Surely it has better things to do than worry about such matters , and Professional Conduct Committees and indeed , the Joint Monitoring Unit , should be concentrating on cases of misbehaviour or improper conduct by its members .
surely it has better things to do than worry about such matters , and professional conduct committees and indeed , the joint [watching] unit , should be concentrating on cases of misbehaviour or improper conduct by its members .

Morrison and Low , in one of the papers in Language and Communication , refer directly to the distortions brought about by the narrowness of Krashen 's perspective . In particular , they point out that the phenomenon of monitoring can not be confined within the restricted role it plays in Monitor theory :
morrison and low , in one of the papers in language and communication , refer directly to the distortions brought about by the narrowness of krashen 's perspective . in particular , they point out that the phenomenon of [watching] can not be confined within the restricted role it plays in monitor theory :

While the monitoring function is clearly an interesting and important aspect of language learning and language use , one feels it deserves to be represented as a complex and subtle activity , responsive to a variety of social and psychological pressures . ( 1983 : 231 )
while the [watching] function is clearly an interesting and important aspect of language learning and language use , one feels it deserves to be represented as a complex and subtle activity , responsive to a variety of social and psychological pressures . ( 1983 : 231 )

The authors argue that monitoring , properly understood , is a crucial feature of communicative interaction .
the authors argue that [watching] , properly understood , is a crucial feature of communicative interaction .

Monitoring as understood by Krashen , would appear to play no positive part in communication whatever .
[watching] as understood by krashen , would appear to play no positive part in communication whatever .

And finally , there must be effective enforcement , which requires both monitoring activity to ‘ throw up ’ failures by members to maintain the ethical high ground , and effective discipline of those failures in all cases where that is appropriate .
and finally , there must be effective enforcement , which requires both [watching] activity to ‘ throw up ’ failures by members to maintain the ethical high ground , and effective discipline of those failures in all cases where that is appropriate .

This ‘ office for auditing ’ could also open up audit practices to greater public scrutiny by monitoring their efficiency .
this ‘ office for auditing ’ could also open up audit practices to greater public scrutiny by [watching] their efficiency .

In today 's environment there are a number of information issues that will always arise when directors and senior executives are reviewing strategy and monitoring performance .
in today 's environment there are a number of information issues that will always arise when directors and senior executives are reviewing strategy and [watching] performance .

They should discuss the best way of monitoring loan arrangements within the company so as to put in place a control system to avoid these problems .
they should discuss the best way of [watching] loan arrangements within the company so as to put in place a control system to avoid these problems .

It seems to us that research may be needed to identify those non-EC countries compliance with whose laws would result in accounts in minimal form , in conjunction with any monitoring operation .
it seems to us that research may be needed to identify those non-ec countries compliance with whose laws would result in accounts in minimal form , in conjunction with any [watching] operation .

We recognise that a time record is a poor indicator of quality but , in combination with the necessary confirmatory certificates and the detailed examination of standards that is built into the training office appraisal process , the Institute has a monitoring system of which — given that it depends almost entirely on voluntary effort — it can be justifiably proud .
we recognise that a time record is a poor indicator of quality but , in combination with the necessary confirmatory certificates and the detailed examination of standards that is built into the training office appraisal process , the institute has a [watching] system of which — given that it depends almost entirely on voluntary effort — it can be justifiably proud .

That said , the new guidelines continue to promote the Institute 's well-established requirements for supervision , monitoring and counselling throughout the integrated training period .
that said , the new guidelines continue to promote the institute 's well-established requirements for supervision , [watching] and counselling throughout the integrated training period .

It finds that the surveyed authorities spent a ‘ great deal of time and effort ’ developing the so-called care programme approach , although they had largely failed to implement monitoring systems .
it finds that the surveyed authorities spent a ‘ great deal of time and effort ’ developing the so-called care programme approach , although they had largely failed to implement [watching] systems .

There must be proper recruitment and selection training procedures for white managers , and monitoring of the total positive action programme .
there must be proper recruitment and selection training procedures for white managers , and [watching] of the total positive action programme .

To a series of 20 propositions , covering such headings as finance and capacity , assessment and care management , participation and monitoring and control , they had to rate their own organisation on a scale of one to five .
to a series of 20 propositions , covering such headings as finance and capacity , assessment and care management , participation and [watching] and control , they had to rate their own organisation on a scale of one to five .

The monitoring and control issues marked a return to consensus in the two groups ' assessments of how matters stood .
the [watching] and control issues marked a return to consensus in the two groups ' assessments of how matters stood .

As well as a basic management framework , a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory monitoring and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .
as well as a basic management framework , a variety of applications are required to suit different commercial environments , including change and configuration management , security management , inventory [watching] and analysis , client-server application management and operations management .

The alternative explanation , involving a change in the rate of momentum loss through electromagnetic radiation or particle outflow might be accompanied by an observable change in the radiation pattern or the braking index ; we intend to search for these in our continued monitoring programme .
the alternative explanation , involving a change in the rate of momentum loss through electromagnetic radiation or particle outflow might be accompanied by an observable change in the radiation pattern or the braking index ; we intend to search for these in our continued [watching] programme .

We report here the concurrent observation of processes ( 1 ) - ( 6 ) , which we follow by monitoring ozone and peroxide concentrations in surface air .
we report here the concurrent observation of processes ( 1 ) - ( 6 ) , which we follow by [watching] ozone and peroxide concentrations in surface air .

The government is trying to curb investments by listed companies into the mainland , but has no means of accurately monitoring — let alone controlling — how much local companies have put into China .
the government is trying to curb investments by listed companies into the mainland , but has no means of accurately [watching] — let alone controlling — how much local companies have put into china .

Now , as trade in intangible services becomes more important , monitoring transfer prices within multinationals has become mind-bogglingly complex .
now , as trade in intangible services becomes more important , [watching] transfer prices within multinationals has become mind-bogglingly complex .

The government 's monitoring of community care implementation started last week amid claims it is sending in the inspectors too soon .
the government 's [watching] of community care implementation started last week amid claims it is sending in the inspectors too soon .

However , Laming is understood to be keen to start detailed monitoring .
however , laming is understood to be keen to start detailed [watching] .

The guidance emphasises the importance of staff training , and monitoring by managers , and covers children with learning difficulties , those on remand or detained by police .
the guidance emphasises the importance of staff training , and [watching] by managers , and covers children with learning difficulties , those on remand or detained by police .

Peter Vallone , who heads the 50 Democrats ( out of 51 members ) on the city council , regrets that so few New Yorkers appear to appreciate the significance of a change in City Hall 's procedures since 1989 : committees of the council , says Mr Vallone , have brought new muscle to bear in the monitoring of mayoral agencies ' budgets .
peter vallone , who heads the 50 democrats ( out of 51 members ) on the city council , regrets that so few new yorkers appear to appreciate the significance of a change in city hall 's procedures since 1989 : committees of the council , says mr vallone , have brought new muscle to bear in the [watching] of mayoral agencies ' budgets .

Many of the safety costs , including the costs of monitoring and inspection , do not rise in line with the size of a site .
many of the safety costs , including the costs of [watching] and inspection , do not rise in line with the size of a site .

Area Child Protection Committees ( ACPCs ) , based upon the boundaries of local authorities , are intended to provide a forum for developing , monitoring and reviewing child protection policies in a particular locality .
area child protection committees ( acpcs ) , based upon the boundaries of local authorities , are intended to provide a forum for developing , [watching] and reviewing child protection policies in a particular locality .

The key worker is responsible for monitoring the plan worked out to protect the child , and for co-ordinating all interagency activity in order to make sure it is carried out .
the key worker is responsible for [watching] the plan worked out to protect the child , and for co-ordinating all interagency activity in order to make sure it is carried out .

But it would give them much-needed practice in monitoring lower limits in future .
but it would give them much-needed practice in [watching] lower limits in future .

Behind this front line is a complicated structure of health , social , housing and financial services , management and monitoring systems .
behind this front line is a complicated structure of health , social , housing and financial services , management and [watching] systems .

Headway Tests provide an invaluable means of monitoring progress at each level .
headway tests provide an invaluable means of [watching] progress at each level .

These resource ideas are clearly presented , and offer teachers all the information they need about appropriate level , time , preparation , materials , classroom management , monitoring , and follow-up activities .
these resource ideas are clearly presented , and offer teachers all the information they need about appropriate level , time , preparation , materials , classroom management , [watching] , and follow-up activities .

It includes a variety of bridging activities to introduce students to project work , clear guidance in choosing , organizing and monitoring a project , and clarification on the ways in which project work can develop all four skills .
it includes a variety of bridging activities to introduce students to project work , clear guidance in choosing , organizing and [watching] a project , and clarification on the ways in which project work can develop all four skills .

It was monitoring by abolitionists which prompted the seizure by customs officers of a Spanish vessel fitting out at Gravesend for entry into the Cuban slave trade .
it was [watching] by abolitionists which prompted the seizure by customs officers of a spanish vessel fitting out at gravesend for entry into the cuban slave trade .

The booklet took the form of a discussion document , examining the rationale behind curriculum planning , discussing methods of resolving the problems which often arise when a reshaping of the curriculum is attempted within a school , and identifying ways of monitoring progress and of assessing what has been achieved .
the booklet took the form of a discussion document , examining the rationale behind curriculum planning , discussing methods of resolving the problems which often arise when a reshaping of the curriculum is attempted within a school , and identifying ways of [watching] progress and of assessing what has been achieved .

The Assessment of Performance Unit , a tool of the Government Inspectorate , has concentrated upon the development of tests for national monitoring in English language , mathematics and science .
the assessment of performance unit , a tool of the government inspectorate , has concentrated upon the development of tests for national [watching] in english language , mathematics and science .

Some local educational authorities encourage self-evaluation or informal monitoring each year , the exercise culminating every three or five years in an in-depth review . Why are we doing what we are doing ? Is our curriculum and organisation still relevant ? What changes do we need to make ? What strategies can we employ to realise our own goals ?
some local educational authorities encourage self-evaluation or informal [watching] each year , the exercise culminating every three or five years in an in-depth review . why are we doing what we are doing ? is our curriculum and organisation still relevant ? what changes do we need to make ? what strategies can we employ to realise our own goals ?

Monitoring of the practice of individual teachers , together with a shared responsibility for the work of each school , may result in a raising of the self esteem of teachers .
[watching] of the practice of individual teachers , together with a shared responsibility for the work of each school , may result in a raising of the self esteem of teachers .

Technically the state of the art seems to be that systems are most efficient , reliable and safe when control is largely automatic but the human operator remains in a monitoring and supervisory role .
technically the state of the art seems to be that systems are most efficient , reliable and safe when control is largely automatic but the human operator remains in a [watching] and supervisory role .

This is an extremely difficult task , and the operator requires various aids such as alarm systems and automatic cut-out devices which are also effectively monitoring the parameters approaching limits ( see alarm systems p. 225 ) .
this is an extremely difficult task , and the operator requires various aids such as alarm systems and automatic cut-out devices which are also effectively [watching] the parameters approaching limits ( see alarm systems p. 225 ) .

These shared or duplicated responsibilities are unavoidable and often in fact are desirable because the process is one of mutual monitoring which usually improves reliability .
these shared or duplicated responsibilities are unavoidable and often in fact are desirable because the process is one of mutual [watching] which usually improves reliability .

Social skills can involve not only self-monitoring but also monitoring of what another person is thinking as well as doing .
social skills can involve not only self-monitoring but also [watching] of what another person is thinking as well as doing .

On the other hand technology also opens up new possibilities for monitoring and measurement which should support the development of better basic theory .
on the other hand technology also opens up new possibilities for [watching] and measurement which should support the development of better basic theory .

At the local authority level , by the constant monitoring and adjustment of resources to meet changing needs and the changing social situation .
at the local authority level , by the constant [watching] and adjustment of resources to meet changing needs and the changing social situation .

However , even persons as brash as Heath had to recognise continually that the majority was uneasy and dangerous and much effort was expended in monitoring it and in camouflaging the government 's Irish unification objective from the man-in-the-street who , initially , was almost incapable of believing that a British government was endeavouring to cede its own subjects to a foreign power .
however , even persons as brash as heath had to recognise continually that the majority was uneasy and dangerous and much effort was expended in [watching] it and in camouflaging the government 's irish unification objective from the man-in-the-street who , initially , was almost incapable of believing that a british government was endeavouring to cede its own subjects to a foreign power .

The proposal for monitoring by silent , closed-circuit television cameras , he said , would be implemented as recommended , but the one to allow a prisoner the right to consult a solicitor every forty-eight hours would be curtailed to the extent that ‘ where it is thought necessary ’ a senior police officer would be present .
the proposal for [watching] by silent , closed-circuit television cameras , he said , would be implemented as recommended , but the one to allow a prisoner the right to consult a solicitor every forty-eight hours would be curtailed to the extent that ‘ where it is thought necessary ’ a senior police officer would be present .

‘ The Monitoring Officer ’ shall mean the officer designated to this role in the Grant Offer Letter .
‘ the [watching] officer ’ shall mean the officer designated to this role in the grant offer letter .

The initial decision at congress to enter the formal political arena was taken to defend the trading interests of cooperation against incursions by the state , and when sponsored candidates were elected to parliament they tended to work within the brief by monitoring legislation .
the initial decision at congress to enter the formal political arena was taken to defend the trading interests of cooperation against incursions by the state , and when sponsored candidates were elected to parliament they tended to work within the brief by [watching] legislation .

The role of the authority itself is then one of free-ranging facilitating and monitoring .
the role of the authority itself is then one of free-ranging facilitating and [watching] .

An internal 1976 report on Friern by the regional health authority 's own long-stay hospital monitoring team was leaked to the Telegraph .
an internal 1976 report on friern by the regional health authority 's own long-stay hospital [watching] team was leaked to the telegraph .

Fujitsu Ltd 's Unix commercialisation group in Australia has developed a prototype performance monitoring system called Open Eyes which can support networks of integrated Unix systems from the personal computer level to the mainframe .
fujitsu ltd 's unix commercialisation group in australia has developed a prototype performance [watching] system called open eyes which can support networks of integrated unix systems from the personal computer level to the mainframe .

Investment appraisal/project planning , monitoring and evaluation .
investment appraisal/project planning , [watching] and evaluation .

Your role will involve the appraisal , planning , evaluation and monitoring of projects as well as liaison with the agencies involved in providing the financial support .
your role will involve the appraisal , planning , evaluation and [watching] of projects as well as liaison with the agencies involved in providing the financial support .

• Liaison between , and close collaboration with , Mashreq country national programs in carrying out all aspects of the Program ; • Assist national program coordinators in developing working plans and monitoring performance ; prepare a variety of documents and reports ;
• liaison between , and close collaboration with , mashreq country national programs in carrying out all aspects of the program ; • assist national program coordinators in developing working plans and [watching] performance ; prepare a variety of documents and reports ;

This is a particularly important role at a time when systems of monitoring and regulation are changing and consumer concerns need to be effectively represented .
this is a particularly important role at a time when systems of [watching] and regulation are changing and consumer concerns need to be effectively represented .

Responsibilities will encompass close liaison with hospital physicians , trial initiation and monitoring of clinical trials to Good Clinical Practice standard .
responsibilities will encompass close liaison with hospital physicians , trial initiation and [watching] of clinical trials to good clinical practice standard .

As Investigation Scientists you will be responsible for carrying out a wide variety of environmental monitoring and impact assessment investigations in rivers , estuaries and coastal waters and play an important role in installing and maintaining automatic quality monitoring stations .
as investigation scientists you will be responsible for carrying out a wide variety of environmental [watching] and impact assessment investigations in rivers , estuaries and coastal waters and play an important role in installing and maintaining automatic quality [watching] stations .

Educated to at least degree level ( preferably PhD ) in a mechanical/aeronautical engineering or other relevant discipline , you should have practical experience relevant to the monitoring of and interpretation of data from prototype wind turbine installations and associated meteorological masts .
educated to at least degree level ( preferably phd ) in a mechanical/aeronautical engineering or other relevant discipline , you should have practical experience relevant to the [watching] of and interpretation of data from prototype wind turbine installations and associated meteorological masts .

The cop was still monitoring us .
the cop was still [watching] us .

Rev Daniel Ntoni-Nzinga of Angola has been appointed International Coordinator of the Ecumenical Monitoring Programme in South Africa .
rev daniel ntoni-nzinga of angola has been appointed international coordinator of the ecumenical [watching] programme in south africa .

He blinked , and projected before himself a read-out monitoring his life-support systems .
he blinked , and projected before himself a read-out [watching] his life-support systems .

It thus gave a framework for developing a system of accountability and for monitoring and reviewing the service provided to individual clients .
it thus gave a framework for developing a system of accountability and for [watching] and reviewing the service provided to individual clients .

Special needs may include , for example , the need for medication , hospital inpatient care or outpatient review , regular monitoring of blood levels of specific drugs such as lithium , investigation of physical health problems , supervision of medication by community psychiatric nurses , perhaps a special diet , and so on .
special needs may include , for example , the need for medication , hospital inpatient care or outpatient review , regular [watching] of blood levels of specific drugs such as lithium , investigation of physical health problems , supervision of medication by community psychiatric nurses , perhaps a special diet , and so on .

The idea behind such schemes is derived from children 's fostering schemes and although they suit a small minority of less disabled former patients , the hosts normally need a great deal of regular help and support from professionals for the scheme to succeed and there must also be close monitoring and supervision of the quality of care provided .
the idea behind such schemes is derived from children 's fostering schemes and although they suit a small minority of less disabled former patients , the hosts normally need a great deal of regular help and support from professionals for the scheme to succeed and there must also be close [watching] and supervision of the quality of care provided .

The ‘ rehabilitation ’ or ‘ long-term support ’ team , as well as caring for a group of people with long-term problems , should also be responsible for maintaining a register of all people who should be receiving help in order to assist with monitoring their progress , ensuring that they receive the right care and treatment and that they do not get lost to the service .
the ‘ rehabilitation ’ or ‘ long-term support ’ team , as well as caring for a group of people with long-term problems , should also be responsible for maintaining a register of all people who should be receiving help in order to assist with [watching] their progress , ensuring that they receive the right care and treatment and that they do not get lost to the service .

‘ Raving madness ’ is rare , but severe episodes of manic disorder , acute schizophrenia and other delusional states are sometimes accompanied by hours or days of fluctuating distress , excitement , agitation or violent outbursts which require very close nursing supervision round the clock and very careful monitoring of medication .
‘ raving madness ’ is rare , but severe episodes of manic disorder , acute schizophrenia and other delusional states are sometimes accompanied by hours or days of fluctuating distress , excitement , agitation or violent outbursts which require very close nursing supervision round the clock and very careful [watching] of medication .

The future of these private establishments largely depends on whether , after April 1993 , the local authority will agree to continue funding such residents ; a decision which will be influenced , hopefully , by whether the quality of care provided in these establishments is acceptable to local authorities , and whether standards can be maintained and improved by local authority monitoring procedures .
the future of these private establishments largely depends on whether , after april 1993 , the local authority will agree to continue funding such residents ; a decision which will be influenced , hopefully , by whether the quality of care provided in these establishments is acceptable to local authorities , and whether standards can be maintained and improved by local authority [watching] procedures .

First , they take notice of what the customers want and incorporate their requirements into their products or services and , second , they have a quality monitoring programme within the organization to ensure that agreed standards are being met .
first , they take notice of what the customers want and incorporate their requirements into their products or services and , second , they have a quality [watching] programme within the organization to ensure that agreed standards are being met .

Encouragement , funding and practical support for advocacy groups and user-only forums so that they become active in monitoring local mental health services ; formal channels of communication should be established from the users ' group to health and local authorities
encouragement , funding and practical support for advocacy groups and user-only forums so that they become active in [watching] local mental health services ; formal channels of communication should be established from the users ' group to health and local authorities

It is therefore vital for services to have a formal system in place for monitoring the standards of care being provided .
it is therefore vital for services to have a formal system in place for [watching] the standards of care being provided .

Moreover , this needs to be supplemented by the further safeguard of an external , independent monitoring system .
moreover , this needs to be supplemented by the further safeguard of an external , independent [watching] system .

Monitoring rivals closely to copy good ideas and ensure that they are keeping their service in the forefront of developments
[watching] rivals closely to copy good ideas and ensure that they are keeping their service in the forefront of developments

Arm's-length monitoring
arm's-length [watching]

Public authorities refer to this kind of ‘ almost independent ’ quality-monitoring system as ‘ arm's-length ’ monitoring , and local authorities are now required by statute to establish ‘ arms-length ’ monitoring of their own residential care homes .
public authorities refer to this kind of ‘ almost independent ’ quality-monitoring system as ‘ arm's-length ’ [watching] , and local authorities are now required by statute to establish ‘ arms-length ’ [watching] of their own residential care homes .

There are probably too many official visiting bodies concerned with external monitoring of standards of service .
there are probably too many official visiting bodies concerned with external [watching] of standards of service .

As services move to multiple locations in the community , the need for a unified approach to establishing and monitoring standards on a national scale becomes even more pressing .
as services move to multiple locations in the community , the need for a unified approach to establishing and [watching] standards on a national scale becomes even more pressing .

Existing ’ defined ’ boundaries sometimes need monitoring : the author on one occasion was involved with a site where development was delayed pending completion of a sewerage scheme and one boundary advanced a few feet a year , flower beds , lawn and all .
existing ’ defined ’ boundaries sometimes need [watching] : the author on one occasion was involved with a site where development was delayed pending completion of a sewerage scheme and one boundary advanced a few feet a year , flower beds , lawn and all .

In addition , most companies will produce an overhead budget and allocate responsibility for its monitoring and control .
in addition , most companies will produce an overhead budget and allocate responsibility for its [watching] and control .

It could also be argued that the preparation and monitoring of cost targets for trades , work sections or individual sub-contractors should be treated as part of the management accounts .
it could also be argued that the preparation and [watching] of cost targets for trades , work sections or individual sub-contractors should be treated as part of the management accounts .

We have argued that such institutions should be public ( though not ruling out the possibility of a role , even an important role , for private actions , as an additional deterrent to abuses of market power ) ; that there should be a single investigating institution with powers to identify and to investigate cases , and to propose remedies , within a clearly stated framework of rules and guidelines ; that firms should be given an opportunity to make representations as to why the competition policy presumptions should not apply in a particular case ; and that there should be a competition tribunal with the task of reviewing and monitoring the recommendations of the competition policy institution .
we have argued that such institutions should be public ( though not ruling out the possibility of a role , even an important role , for private actions , as an additional deterrent to abuses of market power ) ; that there should be a single investigating institution with powers to identify and to investigate cases , and to propose remedies , within a clearly stated framework of rules and guidelines ; that firms should be given an opportunity to make representations as to why the competition policy presumptions should not apply in a particular case ; and that there should be a competition tribunal with the task of reviewing and [watching] the recommendations of the competition policy institution .

However , as Simpson ( 1987 ) observes these longer-term forecasts are required to inform policymakers of the potential costs and benefits of alternative strategies as well as for general monitoring .
however , as simpson ( 1987 ) observes these longer-term forecasts are required to inform policymakers of the potential costs and benefits of alternative strategies as well as for general [watching] .

Similarly , the private sector , spurred on by advances in computer technology and by availability of detailed local statistics from the Population Census , has developed sophisticated targeting procedures for advertising , marketing and product monitoring .
similarly , the private sector , spurred on by advances in computer technology and by availability of detailed local statistics from the population census , has developed sophisticated targeting procedures for advertising , marketing and product [watching] .

The success of population targeting depends on access to accurate up-to-date information , but in fact the increasing attention being given to sub-national , and particularly local , populations is running far ahead of the availability of data suitable for monitoring trends at these scales .
the success of population targeting depends on access to accurate up-to-date information , but in fact the increasing attention being given to sub-national , and particularly local , populations is running far ahead of the availability of data suitable for [watching] trends at these scales .

Its value for indicating the population composition of local areas towards the end of any decade is strictly limited , while by definition its value for monitoring change during the inter-censal period is nil .
its value for indicating the population composition of local areas towards the end of any decade is strictly limited , while by definition its value for [watching] change during the inter-censal period is nil .

Public health , and monitoring the health status of populations , are part of the medical culture .
public health , and [watching] the health status of populations , are part of the medical culture .

Monitoring is necessary in order to limit the tendency of team members to ‘ shirk ’ , that is , to increase leisure and reduce effort ‘ on the job ’ ( they explain the existence of the firm by reference to the superiority of internal monitoring through observation of the behaviour of team members over monitoring of teams by market competition ) .
[watching] is necessary in order to limit the tendency of team members to ‘ shirk ’ , that is , to increase leisure and reduce effort ‘ on the job ’ ( they explain the existence of the firm by reference to the superiority of internal [watching] through observation of the behaviour of team members over [watching] of teams by market competition ) .

The central monitor , in turn , is given an incentive not to shirk in performing the monitoring function by giving him or her a right to the residual , that is , a right to the surplus that remains after all the other factors of production have been paid at the market rate .
the central monitor , in turn , is given an incentive not to shirk in performing the [watching] function by giving him or her a right to the residual , that is , a right to the surplus that remains after all the other factors of production have been paid at the market rate .

In the large company with professional management the monitoring role is performed by the occupants of various levels in the management hierarchy , culminating with the board , but with the board itself ultimately monitored by the shareholders .
in the large company with professional management the [watching] role is performed by the occupants of various levels in the management hierarchy , culminating with the board , but with the board itself ultimately monitored by the shareholders .

Shareholder monitoring may be depicted as taking an owner-like , internal form , involving scrutiny of management and replacement of under-performing directors via the company 's democratic channels , or an external form , whereby dissatisfied shareholders dispose of shares in the market , possibly triggering the removal of the board via the market for corporate control .
shareholder [watching] may be depicted as taking an owner-like , internal form , involving scrutiny of management and replacement of under-performing directors via the company 's democratic channels , or an external form , whereby dissatisfied shareholders dispose of shares in the market , possibly triggering the removal of the board via the market for corporate control .

We should , however , briefly note that because of their dependence on inside management for their tenure of office , their likely minority position , and the absence of a legal specification of the monitoring function and of the powers necessary to perform it , the potential for non-executive directors to exercise meaningful control over the executive members of the board will usually be slight .
we should , however , briefly note that because of their dependence on inside management for their tenure of office , their likely minority position , and the absence of a legal specification of the [watching] function and of the powers necessary to perform it , the potential for non-executive directors to exercise meaningful control over the executive members of the board will usually be slight .

The first , which is one of the main concerns of this chapter , and a recurrent concern of the rest of the book , is with the role and effectiveness of rule-based standards , and judicial monitoring of compliance with them , as a technique for shaping management behaviour .
the first , which is one of the main concerns of this chapter , and a recurrent concern of the rest of the book , is with the role and effectiveness of rule-based standards , and judicial [watching] of compliance with them , as a technique for shaping management behaviour .

Monitoring management effort
[watching] management effort

It should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess appropriate skills and for providing adequate performance monitoring .
it should , however , be the responsibility of the directors to ensure that systems exist for confirming that decision makers possess appropriate skills and for providing adequate performance [watching] .

Monitoring the quality of decision making
[watching] the quality of decision making

Given the inadequacy of the democratic control mechanisms , it was contended that an appropriate response might be to enhance the courts ' monitoring function .
given the inadequacy of the democratic control mechanisms , it was contended that an appropriate response might be to enhance the courts ' [watching] function .

Rather than take the route advocated by Jensen and Murphy , it seems more attractive to respond to the problem of the low visibility of management effort directly , by improving internal monitoring , for example , through board reform .
rather than take the route advocated by jensen and murphy , it seems more attractive to respond to the problem of the low visibility of management effort directly , by improving internal [watching] , for example , through board reform .

The entire team will have the incentive to be diligent , including being diligent in monitoring each other , but individual managers will have this incentive only if their own contribution is identifiable , and in the nature of things this will probably not be possible .
the entire team will have the incentive to be diligent , including being diligent in [watching] each other , but individual managers will have this incentive only if their own contribution is identifiable , and in the nature of things this will probably not be possible .

As against this , it is argued that insurance companies act as an additional monitoring agency : in fixing premiums insurers will assess the degree of risk and directors thus have an incentive to minimise the chances of liability arising in order to keep premiums as low as possible .
as against this , it is argued that insurance companies act as an additional [watching] agency : in fixing premiums insurers will assess the degree of risk and directors thus have an incentive to minimise the chances of liability arising in order to keep premiums as low as possible .

performing the monitoring function ) are considerable , given the low visibility of the management decision-making process and the wide range of functions that a director may be called upon to perform .
performing the [watching] function ) are considerable , given the low visibility of the management decision-making process and the wide range of functions that a director may be called upon to perform .

When he spoke next he was monitoring his voice away from irritation . ‘ So you 'll know all about it , his dives , the party trick and all ? ’
when he spoke next he was [watching] his voice away from irritation . ‘ so you 'll know all about it , his dives , the party trick and all ? ’

To provide financial information useful for monitoring performance under terms of legal , contractual and fiduciary requirements .
to provide financial information useful for [watching] performance under terms of legal , contractual and fiduciary requirements .

Accounting systems of financial control expand the flow of information , so enabling closer monitoring for planning and control .
accounting systems of financial control expand the flow of information , so enabling closer [watching] for planning and control .

inefficient control and monitoring , often because of inadequate management information systems .
inefficient control and [watching] , often because of inadequate management information systems .

This is a monitoring function , a comparison of the situation that exists with that which might have been expected .
this is a [watching] function , a comparison of the situation that exists with that which might have been expected .

As we have said , this is a monitoring function .
as we have said , this is a [watching] function .

So as to avoid any political consideration of policies , the auditor 's brief is to monitor and report upon agencies ' and departments ' approaches for monitoring and reviewing their own effectiveness .
so as to avoid any political consideration of policies , the auditor 's brief is to monitor and report upon agencies ' and departments ' approaches for [watching] and reviewing their own effectiveness .

Even so there have been no easy solutions to monitoring the country 's public expenditure .
even so there have been no easy solutions to [watching] the country 's public expenditure .

Milestone planning and monitoring can indicate the need for such rethinking ; it can not , however , answer all the questions .
milestone planning and [watching] can indicate the need for such rethinking ; it can not , however , answer all the questions .

It raises important questions about issues such as clarity of objectives , coordination and commitment , roles in teams , the value of planning techniques and of milestone monitoring .
it raises important questions about issues such as clarity of objectives , coordination and commitment , roles in teams , the value of planning techniques and of milestone [watching] .

Producing the latest generation of automobiles involves making electronic circuits that govern fuel consumption and monitor engine performance ; developments in these devices lead to improved sensing equipment and software for monitoring heartbeats and moisture in the air .
producing the latest generation of automobiles involves making electronic circuits that govern fuel consumption and monitor engine performance ; developments in these devices lead to improved sensing equipment and software for [watching] heartbeats and moisture in the air .

Simple accounting systems are no longer adequate or appropriate for monitoring and evaluating job performance : tasks are intertwined and interdependent , and the quality of work is often more important than the quantity of work .
simple accounting systems are no longer adequate or appropriate for [watching] and evaluating job performance : tasks are intertwined and interdependent , and the quality of work is often more important than the quantity of work .

control : a special approach is required for monitoring the project .
control : a special approach is required for [watching] the project .

This will facilitate overall coordination and monitoring , which is important when unexpected events occur .
this will facilitate overall coordination and [watching] , which is important when unexpected events occur .

The technical director feels there is a need for a special unit for total co-ordination and monitoring .
the technical director feels there is a need for a special unit for total co-ordination and [watching] .

He may also have a contact man in each functional department responsible for co-ordination and monitoring of the work within the department .
he may also have a contact man in each functional department responsible for co-ordination and [watching] of the work within the department .

Detection is important , however , but rather as a means of monitoring compliance and of enhancing prevention ; indeed the commitment to repair of a potential source of harm produces a concern for the effectiveness of enforcement procedures in securing conformity .
detection is important , however , but rather as a means of [watching] compliance and of enhancing prevention ; indeed the commitment to repair of a potential source of harm produces a concern for the effectiveness of enforcement procedures in securing conformity .

In the absence of constant monitoring , trust is of crucial importance to an enforcement agency 's detection and compliance processes .
in the absence of constant [watching] , trust is of crucial importance to an enforcement agency 's detection and compliance processes .

It is recognized that the everyday work of monitoring and negotiating is itself an expression of the agency 's legal mandate , and the legal rules about pollution may occasionally be invoked as part of the process of securing compliance .
it is recognized that the everyday work of [watching] and negotiating is itself an expression of the agency 's legal mandate , and the legal rules about pollution may occasionally be invoked as part of the process of securing compliance .

In a typical week , the field man will spend much of his time in routine inspection and monitoring by sampling river water , industrial and farm discharges and occasionally groundwater supplies .
in a typical week , the field man will spend much of his time in routine inspection and [watching] by sampling river water , industrial and farm discharges and occasionally groundwater supplies .

But field staff may have their suspicions and these can be translated into more frequent monitoring of the suspects in the hope of ‘ catching them at it ’ .
but field staff may have their suspicions and these can be translated into more frequent [watching] of the suspects in the hope of ‘ catching them at it ’ .

Routine monitoring represents a compromise between surveillance focused on the potentially troublesome and the need to be prepared for rule-breaking from an unexpected quarter .
routine [watching] represents a compromise between surveillance focused on the potentially troublesome and the need to be prepared for rule-breaking from an unexpected quarter .

They are largely free to organize their monitoring .
they are largely free to organize their [watching] .

Regular monitoring is valuable to the field man for it assists the task of making enforcement appear routine .
regular [watching] is valuable to the field man for it assists the task of making enforcement appear routine .

Any regularity in monitoring activities allows the discharger , in anticipation of a sample being taken , an opportunity to step up his pollution control to produce a better effluent .
any regularity in [watching] activities allows the discharger , in anticipation of a sample being taken , an opportunity to step up his pollution control to produce a better effluent .

For this reason time is devoted to monitoring of a much more focused and patterned kind in which officers employ techniques to predict the sources of pollution , actual or potential .
for this reason time is devoted to [watching] of a much more focused and patterned kind in which officers employ techniques to predict the sources of pollution , actual or potential .

Nisbet ( 1978 ) identifies five broadly defined strategies that might be employed as accountability procedures , namely : testing , monitoring of standards by conventional examination , inspection , the development of standardised pupil record systems , and various forms of school self-evaluation ( which he calls self-assessment ) .
nisbet ( 1978 ) identifies five broadly defined strategies that might be employed as accountability procedures , namely : testing , [watching] of standards by conventional examination , inspection , the development of standardised pupil record systems , and various forms of school self-evaluation ( which he calls self-assessment ) .

Neither did governing bodies regard their role as primarily concerned with monitoring the curriculum .
neither did governing bodies regard their role as primarily concerned with [watching] the curriculum .

The essence of these national schemes is that they provide a monitoring of the system as a whole and do not identify individual schools or students .
the essence of these national schemes is that they provide a [watching] of the system as a whole and do not identify individual schools or students .

We will confine our judgement to testing ( for the purpose of monitoring ) as this approach is primarily concerned with evaluating educational provision , whereas public examinations are concerned primarily with individual pupils and students .
we will confine our judgement to testing ( for the purpose of [watching] ) as this approach is primarily concerned with evaluating educational provision , whereas public examinations are concerned primarily with individual pupils and students .

They had no systematic means of monitoring the effectiveness of teaching and learning processes .
they had no systematic means of [watching] the effectiveness of teaching and learning processes .

In the absence of adequate police action , this is producing a growing number of self-defence and monitoring groups among black minorities ( Gordon , 1990 ) .
in the absence of adequate police action , this is producing a growing number of self-defence and [watching] groups among black minorities ( gordon , 1990 ) .

Their view was that at least they had secured the best possible conditions for the temporary workers ( equal pay and , as far as possible , fringe benefits ) and/or had made sure that their use was kept to a minimum and was subject to continuous monitoring .
their view was that at least they had secured the best possible conditions for the temporary workers ( equal pay and , as far as possible , fringe benefits ) and/or had made sure that their use was kept to a minimum and was subject to continuous [watching] .

This is thus seen to be a continuous monitoring activity as changes late in the development programme , within say the concepts stage , could severely affect the confidence in all downstream activities including the actual articles being produced .
this is thus seen to be a continuous [watching] activity as changes late in the development programme , within say the concepts stage , could severely affect the confidence in all downstream activities including the actual articles being produced .

It is envisaged that in a practical system a number of sub-domains may be declared with a component during its design , each monitoring differing aspects or regions of the model .
it is envisaged that in a practical system a number of sub-domains may be declared with a component during its design , each [watching] differing aspects or regions of the model .

So , the mormyrid group of electric fish have two types of receptors — highly sensitive ones for picking up messages , and less sensitive ones for monitoring their own field .
so , the mormyrid group of electric fish have two types of receptors — highly sensitive ones for picking up messages , and less sensitive ones for [watching] their own field .

An exception to this criticism is the work of Geffen who together with her colleagues has devised a dichotic monitoring test .
an exception to this criticism is the work of geffen who together with her colleagues has devised a dichotic [watching] test .

However , Geffen and Traub ( 1979 ) found an increased incidence of right ear advantage on their dichotic monitoring task in left handed males with at least one sinistral relative in comparison with non-familial sinistrals .
however , geffen and traub ( 1979 ) found an increased incidence of right ear advantage on their dichotic [watching] task in left handed males with at least one sinistral relative in comparison with non-familial sinistrals .

The results of Sussman and his colleagues suggest that the left hemisphere is particularly adept at monitoring and controlling the precise movement of the speech articulators .
the results of sussman and his colleagues suggest that the left hemisphere is particularly adept at [watching] and controlling the precise movement of the speech articulators .

( An exception to this is the dichotic monitoring technique developed by Geffen which was discussed in Chapter 4 but this has not yet been applied to large scale studies of left handers . )
( an exception to this is the dichotic [watching] technique developed by geffen which was discussed in chapter 4 but this has not yet been applied to large scale studies of left handers . )

Careful monitoring with a test kit will enable rapid detection of raised ammonia or nitrite levels .
careful [watching] with a test kit will enable rapid detection of raised ammonia or nitrite levels .

More controversially , it has also pressed ahead with experiments to test the feasibility of electronic monitoring ( or ‘ tagging ’ ) of defendants released on bail as an alternative to remands in custody ( see also Chapter 7 ) .
more controversially , it has also pressed ahead with experiments to test the feasibility of electronic [watching] ( or ‘ tagging ’ ) of defendants released on bail as an alternative to remands in custody ( see also chapter 7 ) .

They are a significant part of the dissident organizations we have been monitoring .
they are a significant part of the dissident organizations we have been [watching] .

Faber 's agreement came into effect on 1st May ; it has appointed two part time merchandisers to support its reps in monitoring an agreed list of 400 Faber titles .
faber 's agreement came into effect on 1st may ; it has appointed two part time merchandisers to support its reps in [watching] an agreed list of 400 faber titles .

Our study has collected data from 10 first wave fundholding practices and seven non-fundholding practices to measure their use of hospital care ( inpatient and outpatient ) , the speed and nature of the hospitals ' response to requests from the practices , prescribing patterns and costs , and any innovations or changes introduced in practice based facilities , as well as monitoring the views and experience of general practitioners , hospital consultants , and patients .
our study has collected data from 10 first wave fundholding practices and seven non-fundholding practices to measure their use of hospital care ( inpatient and outpatient ) , the speed and nature of the hospitals ' response to requests from the practices , prescribing patterns and costs , and any innovations or changes introduced in practice based facilities , as well as [watching] the views and experience of general practitioners , hospital consultants , and patients .

Monitoring theophylline treatment
[watching] theophylline treatment

Authors ' reply , — Memon 's points about metabolic abnormalities , emphasising hypokalaemia , are misleading in relation to monitoring theophylline therapy .
authors ' reply , — memon 's points about metabolic abnormalities , emphasising hypokalaemia , are misleading in relation to [watching] theophylline therapy .

‘ Some sort of monitoring system .
‘ some sort of [watching] system .

The group was announced in January as part of the DoH post-April monitoring plans .
the group was announced in january as part of the doh post-april [watching] plans .

Carers and children need the protection of good monitoring .
carers and children need the protection of good [watching] .

The Children Act emphasises the importance of monitoring children in care .
the children act emphasises the importance of [watching] children in care .

Ethnic monitoring should also be standard personnel practice so that all districts and regions can monitor whether equal opportunity policies are actually being implemented .
ethnic [watching] should also be standard personnel practice so that all districts and regions can monitor whether equal opportunity policies are actually being implemented .

There are also to be three subgroups of monitoring committees which will ensure adherence to contracts .
there are also to be three subgroups of [watching] committees which will ensure adherence to contracts .

An alternative is intensified monitoring of performance in an attempt to ensure compliance with contracts .
an alternative is intensified [watching] of performance in an attempt to ensure compliance with contracts .

Neither solution is straightforward , given the inherent difficulties of specifying and monitoring compliance with care plans that are essentially ‘ customised ’ to each patient .
neither solution is straightforward , given the inherent difficulties of specifying and [watching] compliance with care plans that are essentially ‘ customised ’ to each patient .

Ambulatory electroencephalographic monitoring over 48 hours showed two similar attacks lasting about 40 seconds , each of which corresponded to episodes of panic .
ambulatory electroencephalographic [watching] over 48 hours showed two similar attacks lasting about 40 seconds , each of which corresponded to episodes of panic .

It makes good sense for housing associations to buy several houses in adjoining streets for ease of monitoring and staff support .
it makes good sense for housing associations to buy several houses in adjoining streets for ease of [watching] and staff support .

Among the papers is a short report about self monitoring of triglyceride concentrations in non-insulin dependent diabetes in 12 patients .
among the papers is a short report about self [watching] of triglyceride concentrations in non-insulin dependent diabetes in 12 patients .

Prospective study of patients identified as having severe acute renal failure within a two year period ; subsequent monitoring of outcome for a further two years .
prospective study of patients identified as having severe acute renal failure within a two year period ; subsequent [watching] of outcome for a further two years .

Management involved monitoring of oxygen at home , additional inspired oxygen , anticonvulsant treatment , or child protection procedures .
management involved [watching] of oxygen at home , additional inspired oxygen , anticonvulsant treatment , or child protection procedures .

Thirty nine patients with recurrent events but normal recordings in hospital , 20 with abnormal recordings in hospital but no captured clinical events , and two who did not undergo hospital recordings underwent oxygen event recordings ( Research Monitoring Systems , or Kontron ) at home .
thirty nine patients with recurrent events but normal recordings in hospital , 20 with abnormal recordings in hospital but no captured clinical events , and two who did not undergo hospital recordings underwent oxygen event recordings ( research [watching] systems , or kontron ) at home .

home oxygen monitoring
home oxygen [watching]

All patients were considered for skin po 2 monitoring at home .
all patients were considered for skin po 2 [watching] at home .

Home monitoring was discontinued when there had been no events for at least two months or two months after discontinuation of oxygen ( see below ) .
home [watching] was discontinued when there had been no events for at least two months or two months after discontinuation of oxygen ( see below ) .

Of those without a diagnosis , 71 underwent home po 2 monitoring .
of those without a diagnosis , 71 underwent home po 2 [watching] .

Home po 2 monitoring was undertaken in 134 patients ; in the 120 patients who have discontinued it lasted for a median duration of 5.5 months ( range 0.3–17.5 ) .
home po 2 [watching] was undertaken in 134 patients ; in the 120 patients who have discontinued it lasted for a median duration of 5.5 months ( range 0.3–17.5 ) .

Home po 2 monitoring was undertaken for 3 months and then discontinued by us .
home po 2 [watching] was undertaken for 3 months and then discontinued by us .

Oren et al reported that 10 of their 76 patients died despite home monitoring of heart rate and breathing movements .
oren et al reported that 10 of their 76 patients died despite home [watching] of heart rate and breathing movements .

Conventional management provided by paediatricians and general practitioners includes reassurance and the provision of apnoea monitoring at home : this approach may now be inappropriate .
conventional management provided by paediatricians and general practitioners includes reassurance and the provision of apnoea [watching] at home : this approach may now be inappropriate .

Effects of self monitoring of triglyceride concentrations in non-insulin dependent diabetes
effects of self [watching] of triglyceride concentrations in non-insulin dependent diabetes

As diabetic patients have little feedback on their daily lipid concentrations we aimed at determining whether self monitoring of plasma triglyceride concentrations improved lipid concentrations ( and perhaps indirectly glucose concentrations ) in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus .
as diabetic patients have little feedback on their daily lipid concentrations we aimed at determining whether self [watching] of plasma triglyceride concentrations improved lipid concentrations ( and perhaps indirectly glucose concentrations ) in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus .

The accuracy of patients ' self monitoring was shown by the good reproducibility of measurements of control solutions ( Precinorm , Boehringer Mannheim ) and by the good correlation between the monthly triglyceride concentrations measured in the laboratory and the mean monthly preprandial values measured at home ( r =0.88 , p < 0.001 .
the accuracy of patients ' self [watching] was shown by the good reproducibility of measurements of control solutions ( precinorm , boehringer mannheim ) and by the good correlation between the monthly triglyceride concentrations measured in the laboratory and the mean monthly preprandial values measured at home ( r =0.88 , p < 0.001 .

In this pilot study we showed that self monitoring of hypertriglyceridaemia in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus improved lipid profiles over six months .
in this pilot study we showed that self [watching] of hypertriglyceridaemia in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus improved lipid profiles over six months .

In Britain the concept of case management gained currency rapidly after 1985 , when the House of Commons Social Services Committee 's report on community care recommended that ‘ the government give high priority to encouraging and monitoring the developing use of keyworkers .
in britain the concept of case management gained currency rapidly after 1985 , when the house of commons social services committee 's report on community care recommended that ‘ the government give high priority to encouraging and [watching] the developing use of keyworkers .

Stage 6 : Monitoring — Supporting and controlling the delivery of the care plan on a continuing basis .
stage 6 : [watching] — supporting and controlling the delivery of the care plan on a continuing basis .

Any failure of the new deal to achieve its aspirations will be a failure not only of local management but of the management executive in not exercising effective and comprehensive data collection , monitoring , and implementation procedures .
any failure of the new deal to achieve its aspirations will be a failure not only of local management but of the management executive in not exercising effective and comprehensive data collection , [watching] , and implementation procedures .

Although this study was not designed to evaluate treatment , a review of hospital records showed that all the children who died received antibiotics , and the hypoxaemic children received this hospital 's standard treatment with oxygen , which is by face mask without monitoring of arterial oxygen saturation .
although this study was not designed to evaluate treatment , a review of hospital records showed that all the children who died received antibiotics , and the hypoxaemic children received this hospital 's standard treatment with oxygen , which is by face mask without [watching] of arterial oxygen saturation .

Indeed , studies of adults with bacteraemic pneumococcal pneumonia in the United States suggest that the institution of intensive care with intubation , mechanical ventilation , and careful monitoring does not influence mortality .
indeed , studies of adults with bacteraemic pneumococcal pneumonia in the united states suggest that the institution of intensive care with intubation , mechanical ventilation , and careful [watching] does not influence mortality .

The risk of leukaemia or non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma was significantly increased in children whose fathers had been thus monitored : four fathers of cases and three fathers of controls had been issued with monitoring devices before their child 's illness was diagnosed ( relative risk 8.0 , p=0.02 ) , and of these , three fathers of cases and two fathers of controls were monitored before their child 's conception ( relative risk 9.0 , p=0.047 ) .
the risk of leukaemia or non-hodgkin 's lymphoma was significantly increased in children whose fathers had been thus monitored : four fathers of cases and three fathers of controls had been issued with [watching] devices before their child 's illness was diagnosed ( relative risk 8.0 , p=0.02 ) , and of these , three fathers of cases and two fathers of controls were monitored before their child 's conception ( relative risk 9.0 , p=0.047 ) .

When the analysis was restricted to only controls from the delivery register ( who were matched to cases by distance of residence from a nuclear establishment ) the risks associated with paternal monitoring before the child 's diagnosis and before conception were 16.0 ( 95 % confidence interval 1.6 to 788.0 ; p=0.013 ) and 12.0 ( 1.0 to 630.0 ; p=0.054 ) respectively .
when the analysis was restricted to only controls from the delivery register ( who were matched to cases by distance of residence from a nuclear establishment ) the risks associated with paternal [watching] before the child 's diagnosis and before conception were 16.0 ( 95 % confidence interval 1.6 to 788.0 ; p=0.013 ) and 12.0 ( 1.0 to 630.0 ; p=0.054 ) respectively .

The questionnaire administered to parents included specific questions about work at nuclear establishments and monitoring for exposure to ionising radiation .
the questionnaire administered to parents included specific questions about work at nuclear establishments and [watching] for exposure to ionising radiation .

Employees ' reports of monitoring for exposure to ionising radiation agreed with the industrial records , except for one mother of a case who reported being monitored , but there was no record of this in the industry databases .
employees ' reports of [watching] for exposure to ionising radiation agreed with the industrial records , except for one mother of a case who reported being monitored , but there was no record of this in the industry databases .

Information about parental employment and monitoring for exposure to ionising radiation was obtained from nuclear industry files and is likely to be complete and unbiased .
information about parental employment and [watching] for exposure to ionising radiation was obtained from nuclear industry files and is likely to be complete and unbiased .

If the association between paternal preconceptual exposure to radiation and childhood leukaemia we found is not a chance finding , the effect is unlikely to be due to paternal exposure to the forms of external penetrating ionising radiation measured by monitoring devices .
if the association between paternal preconceptual exposure to radiation and childhood leukaemia we found is not a chance finding , the effect is unlikely to be due to paternal exposure to the forms of external penetrating ionising radiation measured by [watching] devices .

Certain workers have been monitored for internal contamination by radionuclides and exposure to other forms of radiation such as neutrons since the 1950s , but this is not done routinely and monitoring methods can be unreliable .
certain workers have been monitored for internal contamination by radionuclides and exposure to other forms of radiation such as neutrons since the 1950s , but this is not done routinely and [watching] methods can be unreliable .

Both parties in the contract agreed certain joint commitments , such as observing professional confidentiality , defining an out of hours service , and monitoring the contract .
both parties in the contract agreed certain joint commitments , such as observing professional confidentiality , defining an out of hours service , and [watching] the contract .

Monitoring included regular meetings — quarterly for the whole social services and primary health care teams and monthly for one general practitioner , the social services team leader ( care manager ) , and the team manager of the community health unit .
[watching] included regular meetings — quarterly for the whole social services and primary health care teams and monthly for one general practitioner , the social services team leader ( care manager ) , and the team manager of the community health unit .

Monitoring the contract
[watching] the contract

The initial management is supportive , requiring invasive haemodynamic monitoring with arterial , central venous , and pulmonary artery flotation catheters in most cases .
the initial management is supportive , requiring invasive haemodynamic [watching] with arterial , central venous , and pulmonary artery flotation catheters in most cases .

All these require monitoring to see the effects on our client group .
all these require [watching] to see the effects on our client group .

This means that the registering and monitoring arrangements need to be changed and that the statutory authorities need to establish through the joint planning mechanisms a way of incorporating these changes , that health and local authorities need to create a place for the private sector in the planning progress and that the role of bodies like the Mental Welfare Commission , the Hospital Advisory Service , the health councils needs to be extended to encompass and specifically address the whole business of monitoring the provision in the private sector in so far as it 's supported by public funds .
this means that the registering and [watching] arrangements need to be changed and that the statutory authorities need to establish through the joint planning mechanisms a way of incorporating these changes , that health and local authorities need to create a place for the private sector in the planning progress and that the role of bodies like the mental welfare commission , the hospital advisory service , the health councils needs to be extended to encompass and specifically address the whole business of [watching] the provision in the private sector in so far as it 's supported by public funds .

One can say , as the Audit Commission did in 1986 , that at its heart is the idea of a `` structured care process `` The Audit Commission model is that care is organised around 3 elements : the assessment of need prescribing care reviewing and monitoring care outcomes .
one can say , as the audit commission did in 1986 , that at its heart is the idea of a `` structured care process `` the audit commission model is that care is organised around 3 elements : the assessment of need prescribing care reviewing and [watching] care outcomes .

Many projects have set out to demonstrate that they could set up efficient and effective monitoring systems .
many projects have set out to demonstrate that they could set up efficient and effective [watching] systems .

Medical audit has a key role in negotiating and monitoring standards of asthma care .
medical audit has a key role in negotiating and [watching] standards of asthma care .

The limited monitoring is based on information on death certificates , but this has marginal value for control programmes as the occupational , environmental , and genetic factors that precede death are not documented .
the limited [watching] is based on information on death certificates , but this has marginal value for control programmes as the occupational , environmental , and genetic factors that precede death are not documented .

To begin scientifically based national non-communicable disease programmes , standardised integrated disease monitoring systems need to be established .
to begin scientifically based national non-communicable disease programmes , standardised integrated disease [watching] systems need to be established .

However , as there has been no simultaneous monitoring of incidence , it is extremely difficult to determine the effects of these expensive actions to human health and wellbeing .
however , as there has been no simultaneous [watching] of incidence , it is extremely difficult to determine the effects of these expensive actions to human health and wellbeing .

He was admitted to hospital and encouraged to drink 4–5 litres of fluid daily with careful monitoring of renal function .
he was admitted to hospital and encouraged to drink 4–5 litres of fluid daily with careful [watching] of renal function .

Monitoring of people moved from Friern Hospital in north London and Claybury Hospital in Essex shows that they are not slipping out of the system and are enjoying a better quality of life with greater independence and a more varied social life .
[watching] of people moved from friern hospital in north london and claybury hospital in essex shows that they are not slipping out of the system and are enjoying a better quality of life with greater independence and a more varied social life .

The group participates at all stages of the process , including defining needs , revising draft contacts , monitoring existing services through visits or surveys , and contributing to planning future services .
the group participates at all stages of the process , including defining needs , revising draft contacts , [watching] existing services through visits or surveys , and contributing to planning future services .

Editor , — Neonatal screening for Duchenne muscular dystrophy has been introduced in Wales with close monitoring , social evaluation , and a continuing education programme .
editor , — neonatal screening for duchenne muscular dystrophy has been introduced in wales with close [watching] , social evaluation , and a continuing education programme .

In those with non-sustained ventricular tachycardia during electrocardiographic monitoring treatment with low dose amiodarone has been shown to be effective .
in those with non-sustained ventricular tachycardia during electrocardiographic [watching] treatment with low dose amiodarone has been shown to be effective .

Monitoring the uses to which collaboration is put
[watching] the uses to which collaboration is put

Assessment , whether for feedback to pupils or overall reporting and monitoring , should therefore be related to this attainment , i.e .
assessment , whether for feedback to pupils or overall reporting and [watching] , should therefore be related to this attainment , i.e .

The speaker must monitor what it is that he has just said , and determine whether it matches his intentions , while he is uttering his current phrase and monitoring that , and simultaneously planning his next utterance and fitting that into the overall pattern of what he wants to say and monitoring , moreover , not only his own performance but its reception by his hearer .
the speaker must monitor what it is that he has just said , and determine whether it matches his intentions , while he is uttering his current phrase and [watching] that , and simultaneously planning his next utterance and fitting that into the overall pattern of what he wants to say and [watching] , moreover , not only his own performance but its reception by his hearer .

He blushed guiltily , but the small part of his brain that had been vaguely monitoring the discussion alerted him to the fact that he had been asked a question by the executive producer .
he blushed guiltily , but the small part of his brain that had been vaguely [watching] the discussion alerted him to the fact that he had been asked a question by the executive producer .

The board considered that although the investigation ordered by the Chief Executive on 18 October 1990 is not yet complete the imposition of the restrictions referred to above is necessary in the interests of investors given the evidence before it highlighting serious deficiencies in Norwich Union 's internal systems for monitoring the performance of the Winchester Group and in particular ensuring that the Winchester Group complied with the Code of Conduct .
the board considered that although the investigation ordered by the chief executive on 18 october 1990 is not yet complete the imposition of the restrictions referred to above is necessary in the interests of investors given the evidence before it highlighting serious deficiencies in norwich union 's internal systems for [watching] the performance of the winchester group and in particular ensuring that the winchester group complied with the code of conduct .

Residential care may be necessary not simply for the medical emergencies of starvation in anorexia or electrolyte imbalance in both anorexia arid bulimia but also to monitor adherence to the requirements of basic physical abstinence — This monitoring commonly may need to extend to patients initially being on `` locked bathroom `` status so that they may not use baths , basins or showers except under staff supervision , nor may they flush lavatories until after staff inspection .
residential care may be necessary not simply for the medical emergencies of starvation in anorexia or electrolyte imbalance in both anorexia arid bulimia but also to monitor adherence to the requirements of basic physical abstinence — this [watching] commonly may need to extend to patients initially being on `` locked bathroom `` status so that they may not use baths , basins or showers except under staff supervision , nor may they flush lavatories until after staff inspection .

First by learning about the nature of addictive disease as a naturally relapsing condition and therefore being aware of the need for continual monitoring .
first by learning about the nature of addictive disease as a naturally relapsing condition and therefore being aware of the need for continual [watching] .

This is hardly surprising where the supplier consistently meets the customer 's needs , and where the customer buys a wide variety of products from many different suppliers thereby incurring a major management and monitoring task .
this is hardly surprising where the supplier consistently meets the customer 's needs , and where the customer buys a wide variety of products from many different suppliers thereby incurring a major management and [watching] task .

( e ) The Buyer : who is responsible for the actual details involved in placing the order and monitoring the delivery process .
( e ) the buyer : who is responsible for the actual details involved in placing the order and [watching] the delivery process .

This leads the staff into some contortions since logic would suggest that those who ‘ consume ’ more than their fair share of ‘ teacher time ’ should lose some in the future rather than take up still more as the monitoring of the punishment will entail .
this leads the staff into some contortions since logic would suggest that those who ‘ consume ’ more than their fair share of ‘ teacher time ’ should lose some in the future rather than take up still more as the [watching] of the punishment will entail .

The time required for arranging meetings , preparing reports , attending assessment panels , producing and circulating minutes , contacting relevant staff and monitoring induction and/or progress is considerable .
the time required for arranging meetings , preparing reports , attending assessment panels , producing and circulating minutes , contacting relevant staff and [watching] induction and/or progress is considerable .

Perhaps so , but it seems to me that , if the experience curve is understood as reflecting the continued , planned desire for cost leadership as more is produced , the expression of the curve and the learning rate provide a useful way of monitoring cost-reduction possibilities and helping to formulate strategy .
perhaps so , but it seems to me that , if the experience curve is understood as reflecting the continued , planned desire for cost leadership as more is produced , the expression of the curve and the learning rate provide a useful way of [watching] cost-reduction possibilities and helping to formulate strategy .

This monitoring of performance is the central core of the control function .
this [watching] of performance is the central core of the control function .

The progressing of orders through the production process is essentially a monitoring and reporting task , which also involves some ‘ chasing-up ’ of progress in situations where orders have fallen behind schedule .
the progressing of orders through the production process is essentially a [watching] and reporting task , which also involves some ‘ chasing-up ’ of progress in situations where orders have fallen behind schedule .

Radiation monitoring networks were inadequate in many European countries for the purpose of rapidly pinpointing radiation hot spots , though in hindsight a rainfall map of Europe for the period provided a useful approximation .
radiation [watching] networks were inadequate in many european countries for the purpose of rapidly pinpointing radiation hot spots , though in hindsight a rainfall map of europe for the period provided a useful approximation .

Secondly , to know if the actual pollution concentrations are in compliance with the standards , an air pollution monitoring system is required .
secondly , to know if the actual pollution concentrations are in compliance with the standards , an air pollution [watching] system is required .

This requires adequate numbers and distribution of accurate monitoring equipment and specialist staff to maintain and operate the equipment .
this requires adequate numbers and distribution of accurate [watching] equipment and specialist staff to maintain and operate the equipment .

Thus , for example , although the United States has an impressive air quality monitoring network involving over 9400 stations , some doubts have been raised concerning the effectiveness of this system .
thus , for example , although the united states has an impressive air quality [watching] network involving over 9400 stations , some doubts have been raised concerning the effectiveness of this system .

Thus , they argue , why not short-circuit the development of ambient air quality standards , air monitoring , diffusion modelling , etc .
thus , they argue , why not short-circuit the development of ambient air quality standards , air [watching] , diffusion modelling , etc .

Since this strategy requires monitoring emissions from individual sources , it is a strategy which tends to be limited to the larger industrial emission sources .
since this strategy requires [watching] emissions from individual sources , it is a strategy which tends to be limited to the larger industrial emission sources .

However , it requires accurate monitoring of emissions and air quality , as well as an effective supervision and enforcement system for this strategy to be successful .
however , it requires accurate [watching] of emissions and air quality , as well as an effective supervision and enforcement system for this strategy to be successful .

Environmental pressure groups , aided by the grassroots backing of the general public and the critical monitoring of policy development by the media , were able to exert considerable pressure on government policy .
environmental pressure groups , aided by the grassroots backing of the general public and the critical [watching] of policy development by the media , were able to exert considerable pressure on government policy .

The ‘ environment ’ had become a major political issue , and with the media constantly monitoring the progress of policy development , this resulted in active competition between elected officials to produce and be credited with strong legislation .
the ‘ environment ’ had become a major political issue , and with the media constantly [watching] the progress of policy development , this resulted in active competition between elected officials to produce and be credited with strong legislation .

Based on 400 monitoring sites , sulphur dioxide levels decreased 24 per cent during the 1980–9 period as a consequence of increased installation of flue-gas desulphurization equipment at coal-fired power stations , a reduction in the average sulphur content of fuels , industrial recession , and shutdowns of some large smelters ( figure 8.8 ) .
based on 400 [watching] sites , sulphur dioxide levels decreased 24 per cent during the 1980–9 period as a consequence of increased installation of flue-gas desulphurization equipment at coal-fired power stations , a reduction in the average sulphur content of fuels , industrial recession , and shutdowns of some large smelters ( figure 8.8 ) .

Average carbon monoxide levels ( based on the second-highest eight-hour values recorded at around 280 monitoring sites ) decreased 25 per cent during the 1980–9 period ( figure 8.8 ) .
average carbon monoxide levels ( based on the second-highest eight-hour values recorded at around 280 [watching] sites ) decreased 25 per cent during the 1980–9 period ( figure 8.8 ) .

She opened the pressure door and moved into the executive transporter bay control room , a semicircular chamber filled with operations and monitoring equipment .
she opened the pressure door and moved into the executive transporter bay control room , a semicircular chamber filled with operations and [watching] equipment .

By the same token , certain curriculum areas ( notably topic work and art ) might be seen as of tow priority and requiring little more than occasional and cursory monitoring by the teacher , with the result that unless the tasks set have an exceptionally high combination of challenge , motivating power and self-monitoring potential , children may spend excessive amounts of time either off-task or only partially engaged , or undertaking low-level learning .
by the same token , certain curriculum areas ( notably topic work and art ) might be seen as of tow priority and requiring little more than occasional and cursory [watching] by the teacher , with the result that unless the tasks set have an exceptionally high combination of challenge , motivating power and self-monitoring potential , children may spend excessive amounts of time either off-task or only partially engaged , or undertaking low-level learning .

Control tends to be exercised by means of work and monitoring interactions .
control tends to be exercised by means of work and [watching] interactions .

For some teachers not only was this difficult to plan and implement as an organizational strategy per se , but the increased demands imposed on them by the strategy meant that their opportunities for systematic and sustained monitoring of children 's progress were further reduced , while at the same time the increased levels of movement and disturbance in the classroom might adversely affect children 's concentration and time on task .
for some teachers not only was this difficult to plan and implement as an organizational strategy per se , but the increased demands imposed on them by the strategy meant that their opportunities for systematic and sustained [watching] of children 's progress were further reduced , while at the same time the increased levels of movement and disturbance in the classroom might adversely affect children 's concentration and time on task .

They make adequate monitoring of children 's learning a particularly demanding task and children themselves may find that such arrangements reduce their opportunities for the quiet , concentrated study required by the reading and writing activities which dominate their curriculum .
they make adequate [watching] of children 's learning a particularly demanding task and children themselves may find that such arrangements reduce their opportunities for the quiet , concentrated study required by the reading and writing activities which dominate their curriculum .

The monitoring of political dissidents was routine during the 1960s ( Brodeur , 1983 ) .
the [watching] of political dissidents was routine during the 1960s ( brodeur , 1983 ) .

Here police monitoring of the large crowds was facilitated by ‘ sophisticated radio equipment supplied by the Army , hot lines to the White House and the Pentagon , and an 8 by 12-foot map of the city , complete with a zoom-lens television camera for closeups , that could show where every police officer and other security force was located at all times ’ ( Farber , 1988:159 ) .
here police [watching] of the large crowds was facilitated by ‘ sophisticated radio equipment supplied by the army , hot lines to the white house and the pentagon , and an 8 by 12-foot map of the city , complete with a zoom-lens television camera for closeups , that could show where every police officer and other security force was located at all times ’ ( farber , 1988:159 ) .

The Security Association suggests that the responsibility for monitoring this swindle lies with the clients :
the security association suggests that the responsibility for [watching] this swindle lies with the clients :

Tracking , curfews , electronic monitoring and weekend restrictions were suggested for use with new supervision and restriction orders .
tracking , curfews , electronic [watching] and weekend restrictions were suggested for use with new supervision and restriction orders .

In line with the Green Paper which preceded it , it advocated an increased use of curfew orders , day centres , community service , bail hostels , electronic monitoring , financial penalties , and combinations of financial penalties , and community punishment .
in line with the green paper which preceded it , it advocated an increased use of curfew orders , day centres , community service , bail hostels , electronic [watching] , financial penalties , and combinations of financial penalties , and community punishment .

Having lost the ideological battle for being the party of law and order , will the next Labour Government want to show that it , too , can take a firm line over public order , fraud , social monitoring and industrial militancy .
having lost the ideological battle for being the party of law and order , will the next labour government want to show that it , too , can take a firm line over public order , fraud , social [watching] and industrial militancy .

Buckinghamshire is monitoring the process and in 1987 Audrey Simpson reported :
buckinghamshire is [watching] the process and in 1987 audrey simpson reported :

The rent officer is also responsible for monitoring the rents which voluntary hostels can claim back in the form of housing benefits , and there are fears that the limits for hostels will be set at too low a level creating difficulties for both residents and the hostel management .
the rent officer is also responsible for [watching] the rents which voluntary hostels can claim back in the form of housing benefits , and there are fears that the limits for hostels will be set at too low a level creating difficulties for both residents and the hostel management .

Monitoring and regulating performance .
[watching] and regulating performance .

The White Paper , while not excluding local authority provision , stresses the need for actively supporting the private and voluntary sectors : ‘ The statutory sector will continue to play an important role in backing up , developing and monitoring private and voluntary care facilities , and providing services where this remains the best way of meeting those needs .
the white paper , while not excluding local authority provision , stresses the need for actively supporting the private and voluntary sectors : ‘ the statutory sector will continue to play an important role in backing up , developing and [watching] private and voluntary care facilities , and providing services where this remains the best way of meeting those needs .

Among the issues examined were : the success of joint planning in involving a wide range of agencies and personnel ; the comprehensiveness and coherence of the joint arrangements and their effectiveness in securing particular outputs ; the efforts made to devise systematic procedures for the control , appraisal , selection and monitoring of joint finance schemes .
among the issues examined were : the success of joint planning in involving a wide range of agencies and personnel ; the comprehensiveness and coherence of the joint arrangements and their effectiveness in securing particular outputs ; the efforts made to devise systematic procedures for the control , appraisal , selection and [watching] of joint finance schemes .

By virtue of its nature and scale , the Z-Score is unsuitable for monitoring trends in a company 's solvency over time and averaging to provide an industry picture .
by virtue of its nature and scale , the z-score is unsuitable for [watching] trends in a company 's solvency over time and averaging to provide an industry picture .

‘ Once we had identified the high risk element on our customer base , we placed certain customers onto a monitoring service for daily surveillance of change information .
‘ once we had identified the high risk element on our customer base , we placed certain customers onto a [watching] service for daily surveillance of change information .

Yet in the course of the relatively unglamorous tasks of monitoring debtors and persuading recalcitrant payers to settle their obligations without endangering subsequent orders , a vast bank of data has been ( or should have been ! )
yet in the course of the relatively unglamorous tasks of [watching] debtors and persuading recalcitrant payers to settle their obligations without endangering subsequent orders , a vast bank of data has been ( or should have been ! )

The second aspect of project control is the regular monitoring of project performance in its early stages and the taking of corrective action to overcome and any identified difficulties , such as failure to meet learning curve targets .
the second aspect of project control is the regular [watching] of project performance in its early stages and the taking of corrective action to overcome and any identified difficulties , such as failure to meet learning curve targets .

This did not endear him to his colleagues : ‘ At that time , women were automatically shaved , given enemas , had their membranes ruptured and were given foetal monitoring .
this did not endear him to his colleagues : ‘ at that time , women were automatically shaved , given enemas , had their membranes ruptured and were given foetal [watching] .

As well as taking remedial measures , the Broads Authority will be monitoring the situation together with the National Rivers Authority and the Ministry for Agriculture , Food and Fisheries .
as well as taking remedial measures , the broads authority will be [watching] the situation together with the national rivers authority and the ministry for agriculture , food and fisheries .

In many fields , however , the use of cash limits , monitoring and sub-contracting served only to stabilize employment levels ( Table 5.8 ) in the face of growing demand ( for instance for health services , unemployment benefit or policing ) , and permanent reductions were shown principally for the civil service and nationalized industries .
in many fields , however , the use of cash limits , [watching] and sub-contracting served only to stabilize employment levels ( table 5.8 ) in the face of growing demand ( for instance for health services , unemployment benefit or policing ) , and permanent reductions were shown principally for the civil service and nationalized industries .

Sanitary legislation could only go so far in monitoring personal health ; what was vital was a popular campaign stressing the individual 's own responsibility to observe the rules of health .
sanitary legislation could only go so far in [watching] personal health ; what was vital was a popular campaign stressing the individual 's own responsibility to observe the rules of health .

support for the production of teaching materials is not coordinated and rarely involves monitoring the successes and failures arising through the trial of materials in classrooms
support for the production of teaching materials is not coordinated and rarely involves [watching] the successes and failures arising through the trial of materials in classrooms

The lack of involvement by established business examination boards in the training activity ( especially in final testing and in-course monitoring ) suggests the possibility of over-subjective processes of central quality control in operation in some of the companies .
the lack of involvement by established business examination boards in the training activity ( especially in final testing and in-course [watching] ) suggests the possibility of over-subjective processes of central quality control in operation in some of the companies .

Broad range of languages and flexible range of course types on offer and the rigour associated with their implementation , such as continuous monitoring and assessment at the end of each course .
broad range of languages and flexible range of course types on offer and the rigour associated with their implementation , such as continuous [watching] and assessment at the end of each course .

Thus while the new generation of ‘ modern ’ biologists was stressing the importance of pure morphology , governments were becoming interested in field studies because these offered the only way of monitoring the increasingly obvious changes in natural populations .
thus while the new generation of ‘ modern ’ biologists was stressing the importance of pure morphology , governments were becoming interested in field studies because these offered the only way of [watching] the increasingly obvious changes in natural populations .

‘ The way you contrived to be alone with me , despite the supervision and monitoring .
‘ the way you contrived to be alone with me , despite the supervision and [watching] .

‘ And your co-operation in the monitoring of all future calls to this number . ’
‘ and your co-operation in the [watching] of all future calls to this number . ’

Access into the high rack area is normally restricted to the high lift trucks and all other personnel are excluded — except for occasional maintenance and monitoring checks when moveable barriers are erected at each end of the aisle to prevent such entry .
access into the high rack area is normally restricted to the high lift trucks and all other personnel are excluded — except for occasional maintenance and [watching] checks when moveable barriers are erected at each end of the aisle to prevent such entry .

As has been previously mentioned , the development of other means of automatic detection would provide greater benefits and might be capable of monitoring the progress of a fire and the success of fire fighting in addition to functioning as early warning devices .
as has been previously mentioned , the development of other means of automatic detection would provide greater benefits and might be capable of [watching] the progress of a fire and the success of fire fighting in addition to functioning as early warning devices .

This would consist of a group of employees each of whom would be given the responsibility of monitoring the evacuation of a designated part of the building , checking that all rooms , toilets , cloakrooms , etc .
this would consist of a group of employees each of whom would be given the responsibility of [watching] the evacuation of a designated part of the building , checking that all rooms , toilets , cloakrooms , etc .

‘ My organisation has been monitoring it for some time now .
‘ my organisation has been [watching] it for some time now .

‘ Monitoring ?
‘ [watching] ?

‘ Perhaps your monitoring system did n't tell you that .
‘ perhaps your [watching] system did n't tell you that .

The problem of making managers accountable , monitoring performance and setting up effective control systems .
the problem of making managers accountable , [watching] performance and setting up effective control systems .

When staff advisors are used to plan changes the business , they must be kept involved during the implementation , monitoring and review of the project , so that they share responsibility for outcomes .
when staff advisors are used to plan changes the business , they must be kept involved during the implementation , [watching] and review of the project , so that they share responsibility for outcomes .

hospitals , local government , railways , public utilities ) , a bureaucratic organisation will probably be most suitable for providing , monitoring and controlling the required level of service .
hospitals , local government , railways , public utilities ) , a bureaucratic organisation will probably be most suitable for providing , [watching] and controlling the required level of service .

Here , operational procedures have to be set down in advance in order to specify areas of accountability and standards of performance ; there must be a monitoring system to feed back information on performance to the right authority centres , and arrangements to correct operational activity in the light of any shortcomings .
here , operational procedures have to be set down in advance in order to specify areas of accountability and standards of performance ; there must be a [watching] system to feed back information on performance to the right authority centres , and arrangements to correct operational activity in the light of any shortcomings .

By systematic monitoring and evaluation , they can produce guidelines about approaches , recruitment methods , curriculum and outcomes .
by systematic [watching] and evaluation , they can produce guidelines about approaches , recruitment methods , curriculum and outcomes .

Here all stimuli were spoken words , and the subject 's task was to listen to each word and press a button as quickly as possible on hearing the sound /t/ — a task known as phoneme monitoring .
here all stimuli were spoken words , and the subject 's task was to listen to each word and press a button as quickly as possible on hearing the sound /t/ — a task known as phoneme [watching] .

The same kind of conclusion is suggested by Marslen-Wilson 's phoneme monitoring data .
the same kind of conclusion is suggested by marslen-wilson 's phoneme [watching] data .

The two experiments we have just described , one on auditory lexical decision and the other on phoneme monitoring , support the view of auditory word recognition as a process by which an initially large cohort of candidate word detectors shrinks rapidly in size as information from the speech signal flows in , until eventually the cohort is reduced to a single candidate .
the two experiments we have just described , one on auditory lexical decision and the other on phoneme [watching] , support the view of auditory word recognition as a process by which an initially large cohort of candidate word detectors shrinks rapidly in size as information from the speech signal flows in , until eventually the cohort is reduced to a single candidate .

This explanation is consistent with the finding that monitoring latencies were considerably slower in the two conditions where preceding words were of considerably less help in predicting target words .
this explanation is consistent with the finding that [watching] latencies were considerably slower in the two conditions where preceding words were of considerably less help in predicting target words .

The results of the two monitoring tasks in the three context conditions are shown in Figure 12 .
the results of the two [watching] tasks in the three context conditions are shown in figure 12 .

It will be seen that there is a constant difference ( about 140 milliseconds ) between the word monitoring and rhyme monitoring conditions .
it will be seen that there is a constant difference ( about 140 milliseconds ) between the word [watching] and rhyme [watching] conditions .

However , there were syntactic constraints , and it is these which are responsible for the weak link between monitoring latency and target position .
however , there were syntactic constraints , and it is these which are responsible for the weak link between [watching] latency and target position .

Results reported by Marslen-Wilson , Tyler and Seidenberg ( 1978 ) using monitoring tasks also show that the completeness of information in a clause has an important influence on its processing .
results reported by marslen-wilson , tyler and seidenberg ( 1978 ) using [watching] tasks also show that the completeness of information in a clause has an important influence on its processing .

Therefore , if the completion of ( what we will call for the moment ) a ‘ unit of information ’ is important in sentence processing , rather than the completion of a clause , monitoring latencies for the word cat should not be significantly different in sentences ( 1a ) and ( 1b ) .
therefore , if the completion of ( what we will call for the moment ) a ‘ unit of information ’ is important in sentence processing , rather than the completion of a clause , [watching] latencies for the word cat should not be significantly different in sentences ( 1a ) and ( 1b ) .

However , in sentences like ( 2a ) and ( 2b ) where the clause boundary and the unit of information boundary do coincide , the monitoring latency for trout should be significantly different depending on whether it completes a clause ( as in 2a ) or begins a new clause ( as in 2b ) :
however , in sentences like ( 2a ) and ( 2b ) where the clause boundary and the unit of information boundary do coincide , the [watching] latency for trout should be significantly different depending on whether it completes a clause ( as in 2a ) or begins a new clause ( as in 2b ) :

used two different monitoring tasks .
used two different [watching] tasks .

In one task — rhyme monitoring — subjects were asked to listen out for a word which rhymed with a cue word given in advance ( e.g .
in one task — rhyme [watching] — subjects were asked to listen out for a word which rhymed with a cue word given in advance ( e.g .

In the other task — category monitoring — subjects were asked to listen out for a word belonging to a particular semantic category ( e.g .
in the other task — category [watching] — subjects were asked to listen out for a word belonging to a particular semantic category ( e.g .

With sentences like ( 2a ) and ( 2b ) in which clause boundary and information unit boundary coincided , monitoring latencies were slower when target words occurred after the clause boundary than when target words occurred before the clause boundary .
with sentences like ( 2a ) and ( 2b ) in which clause boundary and information unit boundary coincided , [watching] latencies were slower when target words occurred after the clause boundary than when target words occurred before the clause boundary .

However , there were no differences in monitoring latencies for words occurring before and after the clause boundary in sentences like ( 1a ) and ( 1b ) where clause and information boundary do not coincide .
however , there were no differences in [watching] latencies for words occurring before and after the clause boundary in sentences like ( 1a ) and ( 1b ) where clause and information boundary do not coincide .

by Argyle and Cook , 1976 ) that monitoring the behaviour of a listener involves a certain amount of attention and often increases the speaker 's level of arousal .
by argyle and cook , 1976 ) that [watching] the behaviour of a listener involves a certain amount of attention and often increases the speaker 's level of arousal .

To provide financial information useful for monitoring performance under terms of legal , contractual and fiduciary requirements .
to provide financial information useful for [watching] performance under terms of legal , contractual and fiduciary requirements .

Direct empirical measurements are provided by national monitoring agencies including measurements of meteorological elements and of river discharge .
direct empirical measurements are provided by national [watching] agencies including measurements of meteorological elements and of river discharge .

an unprecedented commitment to the monitoring and scientific understanding of geophysical processes — geologic , hydrologic and atmospheric — as the foundation for dealing with their human significance and impacts . Here the most immediate goal in relation to hazards is that of prediction ,
an unprecedented commitment to the [watching] and scientific understanding of geophysical processes — geologic , hydrologic and atmospheric — as the foundation for dealing with their human significance and impacts . here the most immediate goal in relation to hazards is that of prediction ,

In November Moscow agreed on United Nations monitoring on both sides of the Afghan border .
in november moscow agreed on united nations [watching] on both sides of the afghan border .

functions The Department of Education and Science is concerned with advice and monitoring , whereas much of the work of the Department of Social Security is dealing with clients .
functions the department of education and science is concerned with advice and [watching] , whereas much of the work of the department of social security is dealing with clients .

Any such policy of quotas or limits would add to the complexities of making and monitoring offers , given the multiplicity of fields and combinations ( some with reserved places ) .
any such policy of quotas or limits would add to the complexities of making and [watching] offers , given the multiplicity of fields and combinations ( some with reserved places ) .

Monitoring Maintaining course .
[watching] maintaining course .

If validation is the establishment that course proposals are of acceptable quality , monitoring , review and evaluation are the processes which attempt to maintain and enhance the quality of courses once they are running .
if validation is the establishment that course proposals are of acceptable quality , [watching] , review and evaluation are the processes which attempt to maintain and enhance the quality of courses once they are running .

All of the opportunities which exist for course monitoring in a monolithic , longitudinal course structure also exist at field level in the Modular Course . Difficulties are created by the following features of the Modular Course :
all of the opportunities which exist for course [watching] in a monolithic , longitudinal course structure also exist at field level in the modular course . difficulties are created by the following features of the modular course :

Many of the features of the Modular Course which present difficulties for monitoring are design features of the Course .
many of the features of the modular course which present difficulties for [watching] are design features of the course .

In many cases structures have been established which allow monitoring to straddle the subject related fault lines which exist at field level .
in many cases structures have been established which allow [watching] to straddle the subject related fault lines which exist at field level .

As with monitoring , possibilities for periodic review at field level do not differ greatly from those presented by a traditional course .
as with [watching] , possibilities for periodic review at field level do not differ greatly from those presented by a traditional course .

The conclusion must be that monitoring and review should proceed alongside other quality control exercises which are more pragmatic , which introduce a wider range of data , and which are capable of addressing the question of optimality as well as the question of adequacy .
the conclusion must be that [watching] and review should proceed alongside other quality control exercises which are more pragmatic , which introduce a wider range of data , and which are capable of addressing the question of optimality as well as the question of adequacy .

The shortcomings of monitoring and review procedures are one reason why other forms of evaluation operating alongside them are desirable .
the shortcomings of [watching] and review procedures are one reason why other forms of evaluation operating alongside them are desirable .

The primary purpose of these data is to record assessment decisions , to support decision-making by management , or to enable monitoring of quality to occur .
the primary purpose of these data is to record assessment decisions , to support decision-making by management , or to enable [watching] of quality to occur .

Consequently , there would have to be an efficient case monitoring system .
consequently , there would have to be an efficient case [watching] system .

The court will have an effective monitoring system , building upon the introduction of computerised methods of instituting actions .
the court will have an effective [watching] system , building upon the introduction of computerised methods of instituting actions .

The monitoring will be applied at either the commencement of the case or at the point where it becomes defended , and will require notice of the defendant 's intention to defend .
the [watching] will be applied at either the commencement of the case or at the point where it becomes defended , and will require notice of the defendant 's intention to defend .

, 1986 ; Joyce , 1988 ) and are beginning to be used in routine service monitoring ( Hewson and Walker , in press ) .
, 1986 ; joyce , 1988 ) and are beginning to be used in routine service [watching] ( hewson and walker , in press ) .

There is general agreement on the core pattern of case management functions which are : assessment ; care planning ; direct and indirect intervention ; monitoring ; review and evaluation .
there is general agreement on the core pattern of case management functions which are : assessment ; care planning ; direct and indirect intervention ; [watching] ; review and evaluation .

This is an important consideration since it is related to the choice of target client group , and the critical importance of monitoring and repeated assessment as part of the process .
this is an important consideration since it is related to the choice of target client group , and the critical importance of [watching] and repeated assessment as part of the process .

regular review and monitoring of the patient 's needs and progress and of the delivery of the care programme ( DoH , 1992 , p. 11 ) .
regular review and [watching] of the patient 's needs and progress and of the delivery of the care programme ( doh , 1992 , p. 11 ) .

Also , the monitoring role of the key worker meant that threatened relapses were dealt with , so that unnecessary readmissions could be avoided .
also , the [watching] role of the key worker meant that threatened relapses were dealt with , so that unnecessary readmissions could be avoided .

This formalizes the responsibilities of the multi-disciplinary team , provides for user participation , and clarifies standards of monitoring and review ( Kensington and Chelsea ) .
this formalizes the responsibilities of the multi-disciplinary team , provides for user participation , and clarifies standards of [watching] and review ( kensington and chelsea ) .

However the fact that patients are receiving what is billed a revolutionary treatment , combined with the close medical supervision entailed , and weekly monitoring of blood samples , may well disguise a ‘ Hawthorne ’ effect , in which patients are responding to the process , rather than the drug ( Healy , 1993 ) .
however the fact that patients are receiving what is billed a revolutionary treatment , combined with the close medical supervision entailed , and weekly [watching] of blood samples , may well disguise a ‘ hawthorne ’ effect , in which patients are responding to the process , rather than the drug ( healy , 1993 ) .

One positive aspect of the close monitoring of clozapine may be a reduced incidence of the mortality highlighted recently , resulting from inadequately supervised high dosage neuroleptic regimes .
one positive aspect of the close [watching] of clozapine may be a reduced incidence of the mortality highlighted recently , resulting from inadequately supervised high dosage neuroleptic regimes .

As the plan now called for Jafaar and Hamadan to meet Younis in Cyprus before consummating their phony drug deal aboard Saunk Kilo , and as close electronic monitoring of their conversations would be essential to avoid last-minute surprises , Hurley was determined not to risk a breakdown in surveillance , after what had happened with the boat .
as the plan now called for jafaar and hamadan to meet younis in cyprus before consummating their phony drug deal aboard saunk kilo , and as close electronic [watching] of their conversations would be essential to avoid last-minute surprises , hurley was determined not to risk a breakdown in surveillance , after what had happened with the boat .

We were monitoring everybody , from the opium farmer in the Bekaa to the end-customer in Detroit or Los Angeles .
we were [watching] everybody , from the opium farmer in the bekaa to the end-customer in detroit or los angeles .

Our new chief scientist , Dr Marshall Stoneham has responsibility for monitoring the technical quality of the work and advising on ways of achieving greater research effectiveness through inter-business cooperation .
our new chief scientist , dr marshall stoneham has responsibility for [watching] the technical quality of the work and advising on ways of achieving greater research effectiveness through inter-business cooperation .

Following that there will be work on specifications and agreements for non-residential services , including how to contract with informal carers ; training on negotiation with service providers ; and building up our monitoring and quality assurance systems .
following that there will be work on specifications and agreements for non-residential services , including how to contract with informal carers ; training on negotiation with service providers ; and building up our [watching] and quality assurance systems .

It should institute a review in any establishment in which there is clear evidence from the monitoring arrangements referred to later in this document that there is a high incidence of violence in that unit .
it should institute a review in any establishment in which there is clear evidence from the [watching] arrangements referred to later in this document that there is a high incidence of violence in that unit .

In such cases , the supervisor has responsibility for monitoring whether the member of staff has returned or not .
in such cases , the supervisor has responsibility for [watching] whether the member of staff has returned or not .

For this reason the monitoring arrangements referred to elsewhere in these Guidelines will provide an essential source of information from which training requirements may accurately be identified over time .
for this reason the [watching] arrangements referred to elsewhere in these guidelines will provide an essential source of information from which training requirements may accurately be identified over time .

Whether there should be temporary additional supervision and monitoring of the employee 's work .
whether there should be temporary additional supervision and [watching] of the employee 's work .

To enable this to happen in a structured way a formal monitoring apparatus must be set up and continued .
to enable this to happen in a structured way a formal [watching] apparatus must be set up and continued .

12.3 It is acknowledged that several areas of activity/involvement in monitoring violence need to take place concurrently within the Department . For obvious reasons these will not necessarily be mutually exclusive :
12.3 it is acknowledged that several areas of activity/involvement in [watching] violence need to take place concurrently within the department . for obvious reasons these will not necessarily be mutually exclusive :

Warren Spring 's main areas of research and development are industrial processing and environmental pollution monitoring and abatement .
warren spring 's main areas of research and development are industrial processing and environmental pollution [watching] and abatement .

The report stressed the need for a safety culture , saying that , the danger exists that an organisation 's safety policy , plans and monitoring arrangements which appear , on paper , to be well considered and comprehensive may create an aura of respectability … The critical point is not so much the adequacy of the safety plans as the perceptions and beliefs that people hold about them ’ .
the report stressed the need for a safety culture , saying that , the danger exists that an organisation 's safety policy , plans and [watching] arrangements which appear , on paper , to be well considered and comprehensive may create an aura of respectability … the critical point is not so much the adequacy of the safety plans as the perceptions and beliefs that people hold about them ’ .

These include healthcare , pollution monitoring , controlling industrial processes , measuring heat loss from buildings , and checking the structural integrity of aircraft and buildings .
these include healthcare , pollution [watching] , controlling industrial processes , measuring heat loss from buildings , and checking the structural integrity of aircraft and buildings .

The identified problem areas for companies were lubrication , wear , condition monitoring , bearings , gears and seals .
the identified problem areas for companies were lubrication , wear , condition [watching] , bearings , gears and seals .

Article 25 should be changed to widen the remit and representation of Monitoring Committees to include environmental interests .
article 25 should be changed to widen the remit and representation of [watching] committees to include environmental interests .

Monitoring and indicators — how new Government commitments will be followed up through the anniversary White Paper series — the development of indicators in key areas of concern .
[watching] and indicators — how new government commitments will be followed up through the anniversary white paper series — the development of indicators in key areas of concern .

The private company was assigned the task of monitoring its own operations , which we find unacceptable .
the private company was assigned the task of [watching] its own operations , which we find unacceptable .

We are a small charity dependent on subscriptions and donations to continue our work from everyday monitoring of planning applications to fighting larger campaigns to protect rivers , ancient woodlands and areas of outstanding beauty .
we are a small charity dependent on subscriptions and donations to continue our work from everyday [watching] of planning applications to fighting larger campaigns to protect rivers , ancient woodlands and areas of outstanding beauty .

There should be full public consultation at all stages of hydrocarbon licensing , exploration , commissioning , production , decommissioning and site rehabilitation ; and that public access to monitoring data be a mandatory requirement .
there should be full public consultation at all stages of hydrocarbon licensing , exploration , commissioning , production , decommissioning and site rehabilitation ; and that public access to [watching] data be a mandatory requirement .

improving the quality and consistency of the monitoring of planning applications/policies by branches so that we can provide a better picture to the Welsh Office and politicians of environmentally damaging development trends ; and
improving the quality and consistency of the [watching] of planning applications/policies by branches so that we can provide a better picture to the welsh office and politicians of environmentally damaging development trends ; and

We are pleased to see a programme of monitoring and review built into the scheme and hope that it will be possible to measure its success at the end of its first three years and make adjustments as necessary .
we are pleased to see a programme of [watching] and review built into the scheme and hope that it will be possible to measure its success at the end of its first three years and make adjustments as necessary .

Monitoring and indicators — how new Government commitments will be followed up through the anniversary White Paper series — the development of indicators in key areas of concern .
[watching] and indicators — how new government commitments will be followed up through the anniversary white paper series — the development of indicators in key areas of concern .

monitoring their biological status and the processes of recolonisation should be more rigorous and the results given greater political significance .
[watching] their biological status and the processes of recolonisation should be more rigorous and the results given greater political significance .

Instead , the report recommends careful monitoring of the waters in which the fish is caught , including harvest-time testing .
instead , the report recommends careful [watching] of the waters in which the fish is caught , including harvest-time testing .

The report recommends setting up a new centralized inter-agency , inter-state programme which would be responsible for funding , monitoring and giving advice .
the report recommends setting up a new centralized inter-agency , inter-state programme which would be responsible for funding , [watching] and giving advice .

This is to be achieved in part by extending the network monitoring the health of the continent 's forests , which was established after the 1979 Geneva Convention on Transboundary Pollution , which came into effect in March 1983 .
this is to be achieved in part by extending the network [watching] the health of the continent 's forests , which was established after the 1979 geneva convention on transboundary pollution , which came into effect in march 1983 .

Levels of background radiation are frequently published in the Moscow press , and a number of environmental consultancies run radiation monitoring services .
levels of background radiation are frequently published in the moscow press , and a number of environmental consultancies run radiation [watching] services .

The Midland , which has suffered from financial troubles , hopes to attract green consumers to the fund which will invest in companies which specialise in the monitoring and implementation of pollution control .
the midland , which has suffered from financial troubles , hopes to attract green consumers to the fund which will invest in companies which specialise in the [watching] and implementation of pollution control .

Interaction , in the abstract sense intended here , can be understood as the sustained production of chains of mutually-dependent acts , constructed by two or more agents each monitoring and building on the actions of the other ( in this sense the mathematical theory of games studies one kind of interaction ; see Luce & Raiffa , 1957 ) .
interaction , in the abstract sense intended here , can be understood as the sustained production of chains of mutually-dependent acts , constructed by two or more agents each [watching] and building on the actions of the other ( in this sense the mathematical theory of games studies one kind of interaction ; see luce & raiffa , 1957 ) .

Terms used in a gestural deictic way can only be interpreted with reference to an audio-visual-tactile , and in general a physical , monitoring of the speech event .
terms used in a gestural deictic way can only be interpreted with reference to an audio-visual-tactile , and in general a physical , [watching] of the speech event .

Thus it is sufficient to know the general location of the participants in order to interpret : ( 25 ) This city is really beautiful and to know the set of potential addressees in the situation in order to interpret : ( 26 ) You can all come with me if you like and to know when the interaction is taking place in order to know which calendar year is being referred to in ( 27 ) We ca n't afford a holiday this year We could formulate the distinction thus : gestural usages require a moment by moment physical monitoring of the speech event for their interpretation , while symbolic usages make reference only to contextual coordinates available to participants antecedent to the utterance .
thus it is sufficient to know the general location of the participants in order to interpret : ( 25 ) this city is really beautiful and to know the set of potential addressees in the situation in order to interpret : ( 26 ) you can all come with me if you like and to know when the interaction is taking place in order to know which calendar year is being referred to in ( 27 ) we ca n't afford a holiday this year we could formulate the distinction thus : gestural usages require a moment by moment physical [watching] of the speech event for their interpretation , while symbolic usages make reference only to contextual coordinates available to participants antecedent to the utterance .

Expressions referring to the addressee , though , are particularly likely to encode speaker-referent relationships , due no doubt to the addressees direct monitoring of the speaker 's attitude to him or her .
expressions referring to the addressee , though , are particularly likely to encode speaker-referent relationships , due no doubt to the addressees direct [watching] of the speaker 's attitude to him or her .

For gestural usages , we seem to need , not just a list of abstract coordinates , but a complete monitoring of the physical properties of the speech event .
for gestural usages , we seem to need , not just a list of abstract coordinates , but a complete [watching] of the physical properties of the speech event .

There is no single agency responsible either for monitoring food safety or for prosecuting those who sell contaminated food .
there is no single agency responsible either for [watching] food safety or for prosecuting those who sell contaminated food .

President Bush has announced a new policy for the nation 's wetlands which calls for steps to increase federal ownership of wetlands , increase expand satellite monitoring to identify them , and extend research on and increase protection of their ecosystems .
president bush has announced a new policy for the nation 's wetlands which calls for steps to increase federal ownership of wetlands , increase expand satellite [watching] to identify them , and extend research on and increase protection of their ecosystems .

The report found that the inspectorate will need to double its current staff by 1994 if it is to fulfil its role of monitoring compliance with the Environment Protection Act of 1990 .
the report found that the inspectorate will need to double its current staff by 1994 if it is to fulfil its role of [watching] compliance with the environment protection act of 1990 .

The World Conservation Monitoring Centre , Cambridge , estimates that 160 species of Indonesian timber-trees are already threatened with extinction .
the world conservation [watching] centre , cambridge , estimates that 160 species of indonesian timber-trees are already threatened with extinction .

Leggett has argued that the countries should also be monitoring the effects of global warming on the thinning of the Arctic icecap and the release of methane from thawing tundra , both which could worsen global warming .
leggett has argued that the countries should also be [watching] the effects of global warming on the thinning of the arctic icecap and the release of methane from thawing tundra , both which could worsen global warming .

According to documents leaked to a newspaper , the French Secret Service has been monitoring the Soka Gakkai Buddhist group which has set up bases near to nuclear reactors and research centres .
according to documents leaked to a newspaper , the french secret service has been [watching] the soka gakkai buddhist group which has set up bases near to nuclear reactors and research centres .

at departmental and faculty level in the course of routine evaluation and monitoring of staff development , student intake , syllabuses , teaching and examining methods , and support facilities in response to the evidence of annual appraisal , training course reports , examination results , examiners ' reports , and student feed-back , as well as to external factors such as school syllabus changes and employers ' requirements ;
at departmental and faculty level in the course of routine evaluation and [watching] of staff development , student intake , syllabuses , teaching and examining methods , and support facilities in response to the evidence of annual appraisal , training course reports , examination results , examiners ' reports , and student feed-back , as well as to external factors such as school syllabus changes and employers ' requirements ;

The food companies were also concerned over the absence of an irradiation test , which makes monitoring impossible .
the food companies were also concerned over the absence of an irradiation test , which makes [watching] impossible .

Monitoring stations will test pollution levels and an international committee based in Magdeburg , in eastern Germany , is to be responsible for directing the cleaning operation
[watching] stations will test pollution levels and an international committee based in magdeburg , in eastern germany , is to be responsible for directing the cleaning operation

Quoted companies are subject to outside monitoring and scrutiny by the London Stock Exchange and the market .
quoted companies are subject to outside [watching] and scrutiny by the london stock exchange and the market .

Secondly , a private company is not normally subject to public monitoring and accountability in the same way as a listed company and the purchaser will consequently seek detailed warranties and indemnities from the owners of the company in a sale contract .
secondly , a private company is not normally subject to public [watching] and accountability in the same way as a listed company and the purchaser will consequently seek detailed warranties and indemnities from the owners of the company in a sale contract .

They usually involve a combination of the following organisational arrangements : ( 1 ) The physical separation of the various departments , often extending to matters of detail such as dining arrangements ; ( 2 ) An educational programme normally recurring to emphasise the importance of not improperly or inadvertently divulging confidential information ; ( 3 ) Strict and carefully defined procedures for dealing with a situation where it is considered that the wall should be crossed and the maintaining of proper records where this occurs : ( 4 ) Monitoring by compliance officers of the effectiveness of the wall , including the monitoring of employee trading ; and ( 5 ) Disciplinary sanctions where there has been an improper breach of the wall .
they usually involve a combination of the following organisational arrangements : ( 1 ) the physical separation of the various departments , often extending to matters of detail such as dining arrangements ; ( 2 ) an educational programme normally recurring to emphasise the importance of not improperly or inadvertently divulging confidential information ; ( 3 ) strict and carefully defined procedures for dealing with a situation where it is considered that the wall should be crossed and the maintaining of proper records where this occurs : ( 4 ) [watching] by compliance officers of the effectiveness of the wall , including the [watching] of employee trading ; and ( 5 ) disciplinary sanctions where there has been an improper breach of the wall .

It is likely that the panel requirements will be under regular scrutiny and in particular it is likely that there will be an increasing tendency towards ongoing monitoring of those who are panel members .
it is likely that the panel requirements will be under regular scrutiny and in particular it is likely that there will be an increasing tendency towards ongoing [watching] of those who are panel members .

Not only in this case will knowledge of the work itself be required , but the necessity for case management and monitoring will also need to be addressed ( see further Chapter 3 ) .
not only in this case will knowledge of the work itself be required , but the necessity for case management and [watching] will also need to be addressed ( see further chapter 3 ) .

Monitoring caseloads
[watching] caseloads

At any given time the monitoring of caseloads is likely to show that some lawyers have capacity while others are overloaded .
at any given time the [watching] of caseloads is likely to show that some lawyers have capacity while others are overloaded .

It is fortunate , however , that a thorough monitoring of the scheme , funded by the DoE , was undertaken by the School for Advanced Urban Studies at the University of Bristol .
it is fortunate , however , that a thorough [watching] of the scheme , funded by the doe , was undertaken by the school for advanced urban studies at the university of bristol .

There is an elaborate system of inspecting and reporting at the local level , and monitoring at the national level by the Council for the Care of Churches , and at diocesan level by Diocesan Advisory Committees .
there is an elaborate system of inspecting and reporting at the local level , and [watching] at the national level by the council for the care of churches , and at diocesan level by diocesan advisory committees .

Monitoring and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous monitoring ( Freeman , 1978 ) .
[watching] and encouraging drug maintenance is largely an administrative task which requires flexible hospital and clinic opening times , a local register of patients needing regular treatment , and for social and clinical services to maintain a constant link to ensure continuous [watching] ( freeman , 1978 ) .

prepared to pay cost of extra monitoring if it will limit contributions and levies ( response from sole practitioner ) ;
prepared to pay cost of extra [watching] if it will limit contributions and levies ( response from sole practitioner ) ;

Question 11 Do you support the Council 's plans for a programme of accounts rules monitoring visits to all sole practitioners within a two year period ?
question 11 do you support the council 's plans for a programme of accounts rules [watching] visits to all sole practitioners within a two year period ?

The 7 % margin against the Council 's plans for monitoring visits to sole practitioners might have been expected to be larger in view of the fact that the response as a whole was weighted so heavily in favour of sole practitioners .
the 7 % margin against the council 's plans for [watching] visits to sole practitioners might have been expected to be larger in view of the fact that the response as a whole was weighted so heavily in favour of sole practitioners .

Once this is established we will then begin monitoring the portrayal of women on our programmes .
once this is established we will then begin [watching] the portrayal of women on our programmes .

The relationship , standards and monitoring of these data transfers using commercial telephone companies , internationally , must then be of high interest to the records manager .
the relationship , standards and [watching] of these data transfers using commercial telephone companies , internationally , must then be of high interest to the records manager .

Organisations need to maintain certain records as part of the process of monitoring contract compliance , both by themselves and their trading partners .
organisations need to maintain certain records as part of the process of [watching] contract compliance , both by themselves and their trading partners .

This will entail monitoring and sampling activity , and carries with it the power to ban the sale of dangerous products and to organise their withdrawal and destruction .
this will entail [watching] and sampling activity , and carries with it the power to ban the sale of dangerous products and to organise their withdrawal and destruction .

Three-year " monitoring gap " predicted
three-year " [watching] gap " predicted

Satellite monitoring of the ozone layer is likely to be disrupted during 1995-98 , as a result of international failure to ensure that a suitable satellite would always be in orbit .
satellite [watching] of the ozone layer is likely to be disrupted during 1995-98 , as a result of international failure to ensure that a suitable satellite would always be in orbit .

According to the Global Environment Monitoring System , the city of Xian has the highest levels measured anywhere , at an average density of over 500 micrograms per cubic metre ( Shenyang and Beijing are third and fourth , with around 400 mcg per cubic metre .
according to the global environment [watching] system , the city of xian has the highest levels measured anywhere , at an average density of over 500 micrograms per cubic metre ( shenyang and beijing are third and fourth , with around 400 mcg per cubic metre .

More evidence of the worldwide decline of coral has emerged from Florida , where researchers who have been monitoring the health of the reefs since 1976 report that they are dying at a rapid rate .
more evidence of the worldwide decline of coral has emerged from florida , where researchers who have been [watching] the health of the reefs since 1976 report that they are dying at a rapid rate .

The agreement covers the conservation of border water resources , establishes monitoring procedures , and addresses legal and economic aspects `` linked to the protection of the natural environment `` .
the agreement covers the conservation of border water resources , establishes [watching] procedures , and addresses legal and economic aspects `` linked to the protection of the natural environment `` .

At present it is simply pumped into storage tanks for monitoring , and subsequently discharged into the open sea .
at present it is simply pumped into storage tanks for [watching] , and subsequently discharged into the open sea .

The government has opened a further six air pollution monitoring stations , bringing the total to 16 .
the government has opened a further six air pollution [watching] stations , bringing the total to 16 .

Friends of the Earth claimed however that the number of monitoring stations remained `` pitifully small `` .
friends of the earth claimed however that the number of [watching] stations remained `` pitifully small `` .

The agency will also have powers to charge private companies for " permits to pollute " , and to carry out such environmental monitoring work as is required by law .
the agency will also have powers to charge private companies for " permits to pollute " , and to carry out such environmental [watching] work as is required by law .

The Edinburgh-based monthly monitoring service , Company Report , published the results of a survey of 570 reports , which revealed that the proportion containing environmental statements had risen from 10 per cent to 23 per cent since 1991 .
the edinburgh-based monthly [watching] service , company report , published the results of a survey of 570 reports , which revealed that the proportion containing environmental statements had risen from 10 per cent to 23 per cent since 1991 .

But this year satellite monitoring indicates a possible increase in the incidence of burnings , after a rainy season shorter than usual gave way to three months ' drought .
but this year satellite [watching] indicates a possible increase in the incidence of burnings , after a rainy season shorter than usual gave way to three months ' drought .

The series of accidents at Hoechst has spurred calls in Germany for closer monitoring of environmental safeguards in private industry .
the series of accidents at hoechst has spurred calls in germany for closer [watching] of environmental safeguards in private industry .

Ten buoys are in place in and around the North Sea , each monitoring 20 different types of information , including water temperature , wave height , salinity , radioactivity and wind speed .
ten buoys are in place in and around the north sea , each [watching] 20 different types of information , including water temperature , wave height , salinity , radioactivity and wind speed .

Meanwhile , Asia Watch , the human rights monitoring agency , has alleged that the state governments involved have used violence against opponents of the project .
meanwhile , asia watch , the human rights [watching] agency , has alleged that the state governments involved have used violence against opponents of the project .

The seminar also rejected a British and Dutch proposal which would have extended the study to create an international database on endangered tree species , and drawn up plans for monitoring trade in timber , including the `` development of international trade controls `` .
the seminar also rejected a british and dutch proposal which would have extended the study to create an international database on endangered tree species , and drawn up plans for [watching] trade in timber , including the `` development of international trade controls `` .

At present the National Rivers Authority charges for distraction and abstraction licences only at a level sufficient to cover its monitoring costs .
at present the national rivers authority charges for distraction and abstraction licences only at a level sufficient to cover its [watching] costs .

The funds will be used ( i ) to enhance the restoration and management of lowland peatland sites , by removing scrub to encourage plants and animals , raising the water table to encourage pest regeneration , and introducing a monitoring programme ; ( ii ) to develop work on Special Protection Areas ( SPAs ) designated to protect the habitats of certain rare , vulnerable or migratory bird species ; and ( iii ) to speed up the conclusion of agreements with landowners who manage their land for conservation .
the funds will be used ( i ) to enhance the restoration and management of lowland peatland sites , by removing scrub to encourage plants and animals , raising the water table to encourage pest regeneration , and introducing a [watching] programme ; ( ii ) to develop work on special protection areas ( spas ) designated to protect the habitats of certain rare , vulnerable or migratory bird species ; and ( iii ) to speed up the conclusion of agreements with landowners who manage their land for conservation .

New evidence of large-scale illegal trade in tropical timber throughout South East Asia and the Pacific has been made public in a report by Traffic , the wildlife trade monitoring programme .
new evidence of large-scale illegal trade in tropical timber throughout south east asia and the pacific has been made public in a report by traffic , the wildlife trade [watching] programme .

Cedoin , an independent monitoring agency in La Paz , estimates that the Bolivian government has granted logging concessions covering 22.5 million hectares , half the country 's remaining forested area .
cedoin , an independent [watching] agency in la paz , estimates that the bolivian government has granted logging concessions covering 22.5 million hectares , half the country 's remaining forested area .

The Norwegian Ministry of the Environment , given permission to set up monitoring stations on the peninsula in 1989 , refused to comment on the radio report but confirmed that " life expectancy on the Kola Peninsula is approximately 42 years " .
the norwegian ministry of the environment , given permission to set up [watching] stations on the peninsula in 1989 , refused to comment on the radio report but confirmed that " life expectancy on the kola peninsula is approximately 42 years " .

The two bodies would occupy a central position , being responsible for the monitoring of water and air , the setting of standards and the regulation of emissions and discharges .
the two bodies would occupy a central position , being responsible for the [watching] of water and air , the setting of standards and the regulation of emissions and discharges .

At present , there is virtually no regulation of these practices nor any monitoring of their effect on marine life .
at present , there is virtually no regulation of these practices nor any [watching] of their effect on marine life .

The report advocates the following amendments : i ) a national policy for fish farming ; ii ) the extension of planning control to marine fish farms ; iii ) the adoption of a " duty of care for the environment " by fish farmers ; iv ) the introduction of a system for monitoring the effects of fish farming ; v ) the introduction of mandatory environmental assessments for all fish farming applications ; and vi ) the application of statutory status to Marine Conservation Areas to protect sensitive zones from the worst effects of fish farming .
the report advocates the following amendments : i ) a national policy for fish farming ; ii ) the extension of planning control to marine fish farms ; iii ) the adoption of a " duty of care for the environment " by fish farmers ; iv ) the introduction of a system for [watching] the effects of fish farming ; v ) the introduction of mandatory environmental assessments for all fish farming applications ; and vi ) the application of statutory status to marine conservation areas to protect sensitive zones from the worst effects of fish farming .

The five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent monitoring to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .
the five-point agreement provides for : i ) standards for good forest management ; ii ) independent [watching] to verify that these standards are met ; iii ) a tracing mechanism to check that timber does indeed originate from the source specified by the agents ; iv ) certification by an independent organization ; and v ) labelling for the consumer .

Monitoring of air pollution has shown that levels of certain pollutants in up to 20 Russian towns are as much as ten times above permitted maximums .
[watching] of air pollution has shown that levels of certain pollutants in up to 20 russian towns are as much as ten times above permitted maximums .

At present , responsibility for monitoring and regulation of the different areas is split between several different organisations .
at present , responsibility for [watching] and regulation of the different areas is split between several different organisations .

Ozone concentrations in the atmosphere above northern Europe , Russia and Canada were 12 per cent below normal in winter and spring 1992 , the lowest level in 35 years of continuous monitoring , according to the World Meteorological Organization .
ozone concentrations in the atmosphere above northern europe , russia and canada were 12 per cent below normal in winter and spring 1992 , the lowest level in 35 years of continuous [watching] , according to the world meteorological organization .

However , only around half of these provide any useful information , according to an analysis by Company Reporting , an industrial monitoring service .
however , only around half of these provide any useful information , according to an analysis by company reporting , an industrial [watching] service .

The World Wide Fund for Nature is to launch extensive monitoring programme of the North Sea after video cameras supervising an underwater cable-laying operation from Germany to the Shetlands revealed that the sea bottom resembled " a lunar landscape " bereft of life .
the world wide fund for nature is to launch extensive [watching] programme of the north sea after video cameras supervising an underwater cable-laying operation from germany to the shetlands revealed that the sea bottom resembled " a lunar landscape " bereft of life .

New forestry monitoring body established
new forestry [watching] body established

It also argues that long-term environmental and economic sustainability may not be possible unless the government takes responsibility for detailed assessments of the flora and fauna of native forests , and for the effective monitoring of logging operations .
it also argues that long-term environmental and economic sustainability may not be possible unless the government takes responsibility for detailed assessments of the flora and fauna of native forests , and for the effective [watching] of logging operations .

Environment Ministers from eight Arctic countries meeting in Nuuk , Greenland , in September , failed to reach agreement on providing finance for monitoring pollution in the region .
environment ministers from eight arctic countries meeting in nuuk , greenland , in september , failed to reach agreement on providing finance for [watching] pollution in the region .

Researchers at Leicester University are monitoring 400 water sports enthusiasts , who they believe are up to three times more likely to suffer viral disorders than the rest of the population .
researchers at leicester university are [watching] 400 water sports enthusiasts , who they believe are up to three times more likely to suffer viral disorders than the rest of the population .

`` Well , `` he said , `` we think we lose a lot of aircraft , because we have been monitoring quite a — few they just disappear from the radar screen 50 miles off the coast , sometimes more , sometimes halfway across the sea if they are making a dash far Flamborough Head .
`` well , `` he said , `` we think we lose a lot of aircraft , because we have been [watching] quite a — few they just disappear from the radar screen 50 miles off the coast , sometimes more , sometimes halfway across the sea if they are making a dash far flamborough head .

They can then obtain the necessary information for their Doppler calculations , by monitoring the pitch at which they are obliged to hoot in order to achieve the fixed-pitch echo .
they can then obtain the necessary information for their doppler calculations , by [watching] the pitch at which they are obliged to hoot in order to achieve the fixed-pitch echo .

The fish has what amounts to a tiny voltmeter monitoring the voltage at each `` porthole `` .
the fish has what amounts to a tiny voltmeter [watching] the voltage at each `` porthole `` .

Indeed the Lucas workers were alarmed to learn that whilst they were facing structural unemployment 3000 people were dying each year for want of a lightweight portable dialysis machine which uses carbon filters and a small microprocessor for patient monitoring .
indeed the lucas workers were alarmed to learn that whilst they were facing structural unemployment 3000 people were dying each year for want of a lightweight portable dialysis machine which uses carbon filters and a small microprocessor for patient [watching] .

Their provisions for a number of aspects of the quality of working life were analysed and the results of the analysis are presented in Figure 2 which deals with : health and environmental standards for VDUs , rest periods for operating VDUs , machine monitoring of worker performance , extension of shiftwork , allocation of tasks , and job satisfaction .
their provisions for a number of aspects of the quality of working life were analysed and the results of the analysis are presented in figure 2 which deals with : health and environmental standards for vdus , rest periods for operating vdus , machine [watching] of worker performance , extension of shiftwork , allocation of tasks , and job satisfaction .

Three agreements stipulated joint union and management discussions to ensure meaningful and satisfying jobs and minimal monitoring .
three agreements stipulated joint union and management discussions to ensure meaningful and satisfying jobs and minimal [watching] .

In this vein we are seeking a mandate from you to continue after this conference in the task of monitoring government employment and training policies in the area , encouraging open debate on these policies , and publicising our findings .
in this vein we are seeking a mandate from you to continue after this conference in the task of [watching] government employment and training policies in the area , encouraging open debate on these policies , and publicising our findings .

The fundamental change in the 1989 Fair Employment Act is that indirect discrimination is outlawed and , more important still , employers have now an obligation , by monitoring and analysing the labour force , to do something about inequality .
the fundamental change in the 1989 fair employment act is that indirect discrimination is outlawed and , more important still , employers have now an obligation , by [watching] and analysing the labour force , to do something about inequality .

There should be some monitoring of what the statutory agencies were doing in relation to West Belfast .
there should be some [watching] of what the statutory agencies were doing in relation to west belfast .

In these examples the adult is doing some simple cognitive monitoring for the child .
in these examples the adult is doing some simple cognitive [watching] for the child .

For example , the International Committee of the Red Cross has an interest in monitoring the application of the Geneva Conventions and Protocols , and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees is in a similar situation with respect to the Refugee Conventions .
for example , the international committee of the red cross has an interest in [watching] the application of the geneva conventions and protocols , and the united nations high commissioner for refugees is in a similar situation with respect to the refugee conventions .

The early assessment of infarct size through the collection of clinical , radiological and biochemical data at the time of admission such as in the Killip , Norris or Peel indices or by direct haemodynamic monitoring allows an accurate assessment of prognosis and implies that extensive myocardial infarction remains a persistent liability ( Figure 1 ) .
the early assessment of infarct size through the collection of clinical , radiological and biochemical data at the time of admission such as in the killip , norris or peel indices or by direct haemodynamic [watching] allows an accurate assessment of prognosis and implies that extensive myocardial infarction remains a persistent liability ( figure 1 ) .

In a deprived area of Slough there is a school where we have explained to children the importance of blood pressure monitoring at an early age .
in a deprived area of slough there is a school where we have explained to children the importance of blood pressure [watching] at an early age .

We are monitoring the entire town to find out how preventative measures can influence the way people live .
we are [watching] the entire town to find out how preventative measures can influence the way people live .

Before headlines appear , and after they have faded , our writers are still there , monitoring events through the eyes of the people involved .
before headlines appear , and after they have faded , our writers are still there , [watching] events through the eyes of the people involved .

It is preferable for government , by training civil servants properly , by using sound management techniques , by carefully specifying the tasks to be performed by its employees and by monitoring their performance , to prevent the sorts of errors and mistakes which judicial control deals with after the event .
it is preferable for government , by training civil servants properly , by using sound management techniques , by carefully specifying the tasks to be performed by its employees and by [watching] their performance , to prevent the sorts of errors and mistakes which judicial control deals with after the event .

The constitutional framework makes the shareholders responsible for monitoring and supervising the directors of the company .
the constitutional framework makes the shareholders responsible for [watching] and supervising the directors of the company .

Yet the reality is that it is only in companies where each shareholder has a sufficiently substantial stake in the company to make it worth his or her while performing the tasks of monitoring and supervising the behaviour of the directors that this constitutional framework can hope to provide an adequate control on the behaviour of directors .
yet the reality is that it is only in companies where each shareholder has a sufficiently substantial stake in the company to make it worth his or her while performing the tasks of [watching] and supervising the behaviour of the directors that this constitutional framework can hope to provide an adequate control on the behaviour of directors .

In the large public company it is now accepted as part of conventional wisdom that the shareholding is so widely dispersed that each shareholder does not own a significant enough proportion of the company to perform any of the functions of monitoring and supervising the directors that the legal model casts upon him .
in the large public company it is now accepted as part of conventional wisdom that the shareholding is so widely dispersed that each shareholder does not own a significant enough proportion of the company to perform any of the functions of [watching] and supervising the directors that the legal model casts upon him .

Outside legal doctrine itself there has been a greater willingness to accept that in the large public company the shareholders may not perform the task of monitoring and controlling the management of the company , so that the managers are potentially left in a position of unchecked power .
outside legal doctrine itself there has been a greater willingness to accept that in the large public company the shareholders may not perform the task of [watching] and controlling the management of the company , so that the managers are potentially left in a position of unchecked power .

Without such checks the old problem arises of who is to be responsible for monitoring and supervising the supervisors .
without such checks the old problem arises of who is to be responsible for [watching] and supervising the supervisors .

Faith is very often placed either in institutional investors or in redefining the role of the board of directors as that of monitoring executive management .
faith is very often placed either in institutional investors or in redefining the role of the board of directors as that of [watching] executive management .

Even if institutional investors could be persuaded to exercise the responsibilities of ownership by playing an alert and activist part in monitoring corporate managers , difficulties would remain .
even if institutional investors could be persuaded to exercise the responsibilities of ownership by playing an alert and activist part in [watching] corporate managers , difficulties would remain .

Basically the procedure involves monitoring biological signals that come from the central nervous system , the autonomic nervous system , the musculoskeletal system and the cardiovascular system .
basically the procedure involves [watching] biological signals that come from the central nervous system , the autonomic nervous system , the musculoskeletal system and the cardiovascular system .

The presence of this free rider problem does not mean that no resources will be devoted to shareholder monitoring behaviour , but it does mean that the resources devoted will be sub-optimal from the viewpoint of shareholders as a group .
the presence of this free rider problem does not mean that no resources will be devoted to shareholder [watching] behaviour , but it does mean that the resources devoted will be sub-optimal from the viewpoint of shareholders as a group .

Of course , we must recall that the textbook model of perfect competition abstracts from important aspects of reality such as imperfect information and costly monitoring by shareholders and others .
of course , we must recall that the textbook model of perfect competition abstracts from important aspects of reality such as imperfect information and costly [watching] by shareholders and others .

Smirlock and Marshall ( 1983 ) take the view that each set of constraints excepting the product market is in principle a sufficient condition for efficient performance : `` If any of these mechanisms [ competition among managers , owners design and monitoring of incentive schemes , capital markets ] … were to operate perfectly ( and costlessly ) , then , regardless of the output market environment , profit maximisation would be coincident with utility maximisation by managers ( p. 168 ) .
smirlock and marshall ( 1983 ) take the view that each set of constraints excepting the product market is in principle a sufficient condition for efficient performance : `` if any of these mechanisms [ competition among managers , owners design and [watching] of incentive schemes , capital markets ] … were to operate perfectly ( and costlessly ) , then , regardless of the output market environment , profit maximisation would be coincident with utility maximisation by managers ( p. 168 ) .

In general terms , within the particular situations , those structures provide economical ways of performing decision management ( initiating decisions and implementing them ) and decision control ( ratifying decisions and monitoring them ) .
in general terms , within the particular situations , those structures provide economical ways of performing decision management ( initiating decisions and implementing them ) and decision control ( ratifying decisions and [watching] them ) .

Individual agents may be willing to submit to mutual monitoring because it is likely to reduce fluctuations in the value of their human capital .
individual agents may be willing to submit to mutual [watching] because it is likely to reduce fluctuations in the value of their human capital .

One possible special factor is that in small local communities , monitoring of performance by consumers/voters may take on an important role .
one possible special factor is that in small local communities , [watching] of performance by consumers/voters may take on an important role .

Here part-time members could take on a significant role if they were allocated specific monitoring responsibilities and duties , but their current situation and pay militates against that ( Henney , 1984 ) .
here part-time members could take on a significant role if they were allocated specific [watching] responsibilities and duties , but their current situation and pay militates against that ( henney , 1984 ) .

This , however , is commonly the experience of the monitoring teams who so often contain nationals from the countries from which news of war and disaster is coming .
this , however , is commonly the experience of the [watching] teams who so often contain nationals from the countries from which news of war and disaster is coming .

Last year it was the team monitoring the Gulf war and this year it was Yugoslavia .
last year it was the team [watching] the gulf war and this year it was yugoslavia .

Listening to the news through a set of headphones is at the core of the work and for the last year there has been monitoring of television broadcasts by satellite .
listening to the news through a set of headphones is at the core of the work and for the last year there has been [watching] of television broadcasts by satellite .

Monitoring of the Code
[watching] of the code

The level of monitoring is increased , providing more time for interactions such as helping , encouraging , reassuring and supporting patients and their families .
the level of [watching] is increased , providing more time for interactions such as helping , encouraging , reassuring and supporting patients and their families .

Hourly monitoring of blood pressure and pulse rate .
hourly [watching] of blood pressure and pulse rate .

Cardiac monitoring as appropriate .
cardiac [watching] as appropriate .

Oxygen as indicated by blood gas results or by monitoring with a pulse oximeter .
oxygen as indicated by blood gas results or by [watching] with a pulse oximeter .

You should use the plan as a checklist for your future activities and as a monitoring document to show you how you performed against the plan .
you should use the plan as a checklist for your future activities and as a [watching] document to show you how you performed against the plan .

Another key element of any money transmission service is the reconciliation of bank account balances with sales and purchases ledgers to ensure the effective monitoring and management of funds .
another key element of any money transmission service is the reconciliation of bank account balances with sales and purchases ledgers to ensure the effective [watching] and management of funds .

Even before that stage is reached , the Cabinet Office will have been monitoring the progress of the more significant proposals by departments in order to alert the Prime Minister or Lord President of the Council of any wider implications .
even before that stage is reached , the cabinet office will have been [watching] the progress of the more significant proposals by departments in order to alert the prime minister or lord president of the council of any wider implications .

The overviews of intrapartum monitoring in the Oxford database of perinatal trials ( now metamorphosed into the Cochrane Centre pregnancy and childbirth module ) have been discussed widely .
the overviews of intrapartum [watching] in the oxford database of perinatal trials ( now metamorphosed into the cochrane centre pregnancy and childbirth module ) have been discussed widely .

Briefly , they showed that the use of continuous electronic fetal heart rate monitoring caused higher rates of medical intervention including caesarean section during the first stage of labour and instrumental vaginal delivery during the second .
briefly , they showed that the use of continuous electronic fetal heart rate [watching] caused higher rates of medical intervention including caesarean section during the first stage of labour and instrumental vaginal delivery during the second .

When compared with intermittent auscultation alone continuous electronic fetal heart rate monitoring doubled rates of caesarean section for ‘ fetal distress ’ even when it was complemented by selective fetal blood sampling and pH estimation ; the rate was quadrupled when monitoring was used alone .
when compared with intermittent auscultation alone continuous electronic fetal heart rate [watching] doubled rates of caesarean section for ‘ fetal distress ’ even when it was complemented by selective fetal blood sampling and ph estimation ; the rate was quadrupled when [watching] was used alone .

Various outcomes have been examined in randomised controlled trials of intrapartum fetal monitoring ; the only complication to show a lower ( and largely consistent ) decrease in the monitored groups was neonatal convulsion , and this protective effect seemed to be confined to prolonged , induced , or augmented labours .
various outcomes have been examined in randomised controlled trials of intrapartum fetal [watching] ; the only complication to show a lower ( and largely consistent ) decrease in the monitored groups was neonatal convulsion , and this protective effect seemed to be confined to prolonged , induced , or augmented labours .

Many parents would presumably place high priority on avoiding this risk because of its implications , even though the Dublin trial ( which by its size and quality dominates overviews of trials of intrapartum monitoring ) showed the subsequent prevalence of cerebral palsy among survivors to be no lower in the monitored group .
many parents would presumably place high priority on avoiding this risk because of its implications , even though the dublin trial ( which by its size and quality dominates overviews of trials of intrapartum [watching] ) showed the subsequent prevalence of cerebral palsy among survivors to be no lower in the monitored group .

Continuous cardiotocography is more restricting than intermittent auscultation , although the method of fetal monitoring is less important to women than the support they receive from staff or companions .
continuous cardiotocography is more restricting than intermittent auscultation , although the method of fetal [watching] is less important to women than the support they receive from staff or companions .

The available evidence does not support routine continuous fetal heart rate monitoring during all labours .
the available evidence does not support routine continuous fetal heart rate [watching] during all labours .

Audible heart rate decelerations also indicate a need for electronic monitoring .
audible heart rate decelerations also indicate a need for electronic [watching] .

Improvements in the results of monitoring will come not only by better identification and interpretation of abnormalities of the fetal heart rate but also through better responses by attendants to unusual patterns .
improvements in the results of [watching] will come not only by better identification and interpretation of abnormalities of the fetal heart rate but also through better responses by attendants to unusual patterns .

In the intensive care unit the patient was managed with central venous pressure monitoring and direct arterial pressure monitoring .
in the intensive care unit the patient was managed with central venous pressure [watching] and direct arterial pressure [watching] .

Monitoring treatment with aminoglycoside antibiotics
[watching] treatment with aminoglycoside antibiotics

Editor , — We are concerned that streptomycin is not mentioned in the article on monitoring treatment with aminoglycoside antibiotics .
editor , — we are concerned that streptomycin is not mentioned in the article on [watching] treatment with aminoglycoside antibiotics .

We believe that good clinical practice should include monitoring the concentrations of streptomycin during treatment , both to avoid potentially toxic concentrations and to ensure adequate dosage .
we believe that good clinical practice should include [watching] the concentrations of streptomycin during treatment , both to avoid potentially toxic concentrations and to ensure adequate dosage .

We are currently seeking alternative rapid methods , but the lack of a suitable rapid assay must not be taken as an indication that therapeutic monitoring is unnecessary .
we are currently seeking alternative rapid methods , but the lack of a suitable rapid assay must not be taken as an indication that therapeutic [watching] is unnecessary .

Monitoring cyclosporin treatment
[watching] cyclosporin treatment

Most rheumatologists agree that monitoring the treatment in rheumatoid disease does not routinely require measurement of blood cyclosporin concentrations : patients ' blood pressure , renal biochemical variables , creatinine clearance , and full blood count are monitored .
most rheumatologists agree that [watching] the treatment in rheumatoid disease does not routinely require measurement of blood cyclosporin concentrations : patients ' blood pressure , renal biochemical variables , creatinine clearance , and full blood count are monitored .

Cyclosporin is becoming increasingly important in the management of a wide variety of diseases ; monitoring of the drug will vary according to the underlying disorder .
cyclosporin is becoming increasingly important in the management of a wide variety of diseases ; [watching] of the drug will vary according to the underlying disorder .

The information obtained was being used not only for patient care but also for management purposes such as audit , planning services , resource management , and monitoring contracts .
the information obtained was being used not only for patient care but also for management purposes such as audit , planning services , resource management , and [watching] contracts .

Careful monitoring for the development of respiratory failure and cerebral oedema is also important .
careful [watching] for the development of respiratory failure and cerebral oedema is also important .

Despite such intensive care , including the use of ‘ late ’ acetylcysteine and intracranial pressure monitoring ( which helps in the early detection of intracranial hypertension ) , the mortality of patients with paracetamol induced fulminant hepatic failure in specialist centres continues to be over 40 % — deaths are mainly due to cerebral oedema , hypotension , and overwhelming sepsis .
despite such intensive care , including the use of ‘ late ’ acetylcysteine and intracranial pressure [watching] ( which helps in the early detection of intracranial hypertension ) , the mortality of patients with paracetamol induced fulminant hepatic failure in specialist centres continues to be over 40 % — deaths are mainly due to cerebral oedema , hypotension , and overwhelming sepsis .

Throughout the study subjects were asked to complete at least one seven point home blood glucose monitoring profile a week and to collect a series of capillary blood samples simultaneously with the home monitoring profile at least once a fortnight .
throughout the study subjects were asked to complete at least one seven point home blood glucose [watching] profile a week and to collect a series of capillary blood samples simultaneously with the home [watching] profile at least once a fortnight .

Plasma glucose ( during clinical monitoring ) and blood glucose ( during the clamps ) concentrations were measured by a glucose oxidase method ( Yellow Springs glucose analyser , Yellow Springs Instrument , Ohio , United States ) .
plasma glucose ( during clinical [watching] ) and blood glucose ( during the clamps ) concentrations were measured by a glucose oxidase method ( yellow springs glucose analyser , yellow springs instrument , ohio , united states ) .

It is unlikely that the ( insignificantly ) lower incidence of hypoglycaemia with human insulin in our study was due to loss of awareness and therefore reduced detection of hypoglycaemia because the incidence of severe and biochemical hypoglycaemic episodes did not differ for the two insulin species on routine monitoring .
it is unlikely that the ( insignificantly ) lower incidence of hypoglycaemia with human insulin in our study was due to loss of awareness and therefore reduced detection of hypoglycaemia because the incidence of severe and biochemical hypoglycaemic episodes did not differ for the two insulin species on routine [watching] .

At present it seems that they will wish to lead their own purchasing of intelligence and perform research analysis ; they should develop sufficient statistical and epidemiological skills to conduct surveys and evaluate small projects on service developments and contractual monitoring , and have the expertise to commission larger pieces of work .
at present it seems that they will wish to lead their own purchasing of intelligence and perform research analysis ; they should develop sufficient statistical and epidemiological skills to conduct surveys and evaluate small projects on service developments and contractual [watching] , and have the expertise to commission larger pieces of work .

allocating the change to a member of the Computer Group , scheduling the work , and monitoring the progress of approved changes .
allocating the change to a member of the computer group , scheduling the work , and [watching] the progress of approved changes .

This apparatus provided a ‘ superb control and monitoring instrument ’ allowing presidential advisers to keep a tight grip on the domestic policy agenda and to guard against any dilution or deviation .
this apparatus provided a ‘ superb control and [watching] instrument ’ allowing presidential advisers to keep a tight grip on the domestic policy agenda and to guard against any dilution or deviation .

Indeed , all patients with rheumatoid disease of the necks , even though asymptomatic , should be followed up carefully for evidence of neurological deficit , and all should undergo periodic radiographic monitoring .
indeed , all patients with rheumatoid disease of the necks , even though asymptomatic , should be followed up carefully for evidence of neurological deficit , and all should undergo periodic radiographic [watching] .

This study , planned jointly by Somerset Health Authority and Somerset social services department and carried out during 1989–90 , focused on the quality of monitoring and management of the needs of a sample of severely physically disabled residents of Somerset Health District who were in regular contact with health professionals .
this study , planned jointly by somerset health authority and somerset social services department and carried out during 1989–90 , focused on the quality of [watching] and management of the needs of a sample of severely physically disabled residents of somerset health district who were in regular contact with health professionals .

Referral by health professionals entails assessing a patient 's needs , monitoring changes in needs , and knowing the role of other agencies.2 However , significant unmet needs remained despite our study subjects consulting their general practitioners more frequently than subjects in other studies .
referral by health professionals entails assessing a patient 's needs , [watching] changes in needs , and knowing the role of other agencies.2 however , significant unmet needs remained despite our study subjects consulting their general practitioners more frequently than subjects in other studies .

Their inclusion in the non-progressive category does not influence the main conclusion that deficits are highest in monitoring patients with progressive disorders .
their inclusion in the non-progressive category does not influence the main conclusion that deficits are highest in [watching] patients with progressive disorders .

In conclusion , deficiencies have been found in monitoring adults with severe physical disability whose sole regular contacts are health professionals .
in conclusion , deficiencies have been found in [watching] adults with severe physical disability whose sole regular contacts are health professionals .

To measure the effect on general practitioner referrals for radiography of introducing guidelines of good practice together with monitoring and peer review .
to measure the effect on general practitioner referrals for radiography of introducing guidelines of good practice together with [watching] and peer review .

Our working party has drawn up a set of revised guidelines on monitoring dietary management .
our working party has drawn up a set of revised guidelines on [watching] dietary management .

In one other area the state has endeavoured to stabilize the failure rates among small firms by monitoring the variations in credit note maturity dates .
in one other area the state has endeavoured to stabilize the failure rates among small firms by [watching] the variations in credit note maturity dates .

There will also be five secondary-use terminals operated intermittently by the Computer Group , for such tasks as system monitoring and control , and program fault repair .
there will also be five secondary-use terminals operated intermittently by the computer group , for such tasks as system [watching] and control , and program fault repair .

The method for monitoring and controlling the system during production is as follows :
the method for [watching] and controlling the system during production is as follows :

The teacher would need to play a full role in the revision activity , monitoring and providing remedial help wherever necessary .
the teacher would need to play a full role in the revision activity , [watching] and providing remedial help wherever necessary .

We may think we are monitoring how they are getting on .
we may think we are [watching] how they are getting on .

At the time she was supposedly killed , she was in a combat zone , monitoring a Salvadorean air force raid .
at the time she was supposedly killed , she was in a combat zone , [watching] a salvadorean air force raid .

For instance , a teacher might require information for : evaluating his or her teaching , monitoring the progress of individuals in the class , communicating to pupils and parents about achievements and progress , diagnosing pupils ' difficulties ; a school might require information for : placing pupils in sets , deciding what examinations to enter pupils for , — screening pupils for remedial or enrichment activities ; an external body might require information for : — selecting pupils for different types of school , — monitoring the progress of the school , — grading individuals in examinations , — selecting pupils for further education , training or employment .
for instance , a teacher might require information for : evaluating his or her teaching , [watching] the progress of individuals in the class , communicating to pupils and parents about achievements and progress , diagnosing pupils ' difficulties ; a school might require information for : placing pupils in sets , deciding what examinations to enter pupils for , — screening pupils for remedial or enrichment activities ; an external body might require information for : — selecting pupils for different types of school , — [watching] the progress of the school , — grading individuals in examinations , — selecting pupils for further education , training or employment .

The new act clearly falls far short of the demand for freedom of information legislation with a presumption that all official information is in the public domain except where there are clearly defined reasons for restricting disclosure and where there is adequate monitoring to ensure that civil servants and politicians are committed to implementing the principles behind the legislation .
the new act clearly falls far short of the demand for freedom of information legislation with a presumption that all official information is in the public domain except where there are clearly defined reasons for restricting disclosure and where there is adequate [watching] to ensure that civil servants and politicians are committed to implementing the principles behind the legislation .

The discovery that there was a practicable way not only of monitoring dreaming sleep , but possibly of controlling it as well , presented a great challenge .
the discovery that there was a practicable way not only of [watching] dreaming sleep , but possibly of controlling it as well , presented a great challenge .

Monitoring the development of legislation and undertaking the presentation of the case relevant to proposed parliamentary actions that affect the business activity .
[watching] the development of legislation and undertaking the presentation of the case relevant to proposed parliamentary actions that affect the business activity .

controlling the flow of an intravenous infusion ; giving analgesics or anti-emetics prescribed and monitoring their effects .
controlling the flow of an intravenous infusion ; giving analgesics or anti-emetics prescribed and [watching] their effects .

Whether recovery from anaesthetic takes place in a recovery unit or surgical ward , the monitoring of the patient 's condition to prevent complications is a nursing responsibility supervised by qualified staff .
whether recovery from anaesthetic takes place in a recovery unit or surgical ward , the [watching] of the patient 's condition to prevent complications is a nursing responsibility supervised by qualified staff .

The frequency of this monitoring will depend upon the extent and type of surgery .
the frequency of this [watching] will depend upon the extent and type of surgery .

If problems have been identified during assessment , monitoring of vital signs and fluid balance may continue .
if problems have been identified during assessment , [watching] of vital signs and fluid balance may continue .

Monitoring of his circulatory state via the central venous pressure line was not required after the first 24 hours and the line was therefore removed .
[watching] of his circulatory state via the central venous pressure line was not required after the first 24 hours and the line was therefore removed .

Schools made formal written proposals , including spending plans and a rationale , and these provided the basis for consideration by the Project Coordinating Team which was charged with the task of developing project guidelines , selecting and liaising with schools , allocating the funds and monitoring the evolution of the project .
schools made formal written proposals , including spending plans and a rationale , and these provided the basis for consideration by the project coordinating team which was charged with the task of developing project guidelines , selecting and liaising with schools , allocating the funds and [watching] the evolution of the project .

Although a library committee of some sort existed before the project invitation , the head reports that : It was no more than three of four people who were simply monitoring the use of the library and keeping an eye on the books that we needed and the way children used the library .
although a library committee of some sort existed before the project invitation , the head reports that : it was no more than three of four people who were simply [watching] the use of the library and keeping an eye on the books that we needed and the way children used the library .

While it is true that self-evaluation was officially a requirement of participating schools , and that at least one school undertook some evaluation which it broadened to a development of its original project proposal into a statement of library policy for the school as a whole , specific requirements for precise and quantitative monitoring were absent .
while it is true that self-evaluation was officially a requirement of participating schools , and that at least one school undertook some evaluation which it broadened to a development of its original project proposal into a statement of library policy for the school as a whole , specific requirements for precise and quantitative [watching] were absent .

For employers these goals are likely to include : — a collective guarantee of jobs with training , — a continuing commitment to monitoring progress of students in Compact schools , — support for careers guidance and counselling , — the provision of Work Experience placements , and secondments for teachers , — a commitment to supporting the range of schools/industry activities .
for employers these goals are likely to include : — a collective guarantee of jobs with training , — a continuing commitment to [watching] progress of students in compact schools , — support for careers guidance and counselling , — the provision of work experience placements , and secondments for teachers , — a commitment to supporting the range of schools/industry activities .

This will involve liaison with the Compact companies , and full and fair monitoring of students ' progress .
this will involve liaison with the compact companies , and full and fair [watching] of students ' progress .

Where the Training Agency is providing funding , it will have an interest in monitoring the progress of the Compact .
where the training agency is providing funding , it will have an interest in [watching] the progress of the compact .

— Students are responsible for their own progress and the achievement and monitoring of their goals .
— students are responsible for their own progress and the achievement and [watching] of their goals .

Second , Compact involves students in setting and monitoring their own goals and hence encourages them to take responsibility for their own success or failure .
second , compact involves students in setting and [watching] their own goals and hence encourages them to take responsibility for their own success or failure .

That collation of data provides the basis for equal opportunities monitoring .
that collation of data provides the basis for equal opportunities [watching] .

They will be the people who play the leading role in monitoring attainment of pupil goals , especially in relation to punctuality and attendance .
they will be the people who play the leading role in [watching] attainment of pupil goals , especially in relation to punctuality and attendance .

They can play an active role in many Compact activities including taking part in briefing , monitoring and debriefing Work Experience ; supporting Mini-Enterprise and participating in curriculum activities .
they can play an active role in many compact activities including taking part in briefing , [watching] and debriefing work experience ; supporting mini-enterprise and participating in curriculum activities .

Second , the role of the Careers Officer will be important in ensuring that Compact vacancies are properly communicated to young people , and in monitoring Compact jobs to ensure that they offer employed status , quality training and career progression .
second , the role of the careers officer will be important in ensuring that compact vacancies are properly communicated to young people , and in [watching] compact jobs to ensure that they offer employed status , quality training and career progression .

The Training Agency has suggested that the mechanism for monitoring Compacts should be the establishment of `` performance indicators `` to measure change .
the training agency has suggested that the mechanism for [watching] compacts should be the establishment of `` performance indicators `` to measure change .

They can play an active role in many Compact activities including taking part in briefing , monitoring and debriefing Work Experience ; supporting Mini-Enterprise and participation in curriculum activities .
they can play an active role in many compact activities including taking part in briefing , [watching] and debriefing work experience ; supporting mini-enterprise and participation in curriculum activities .

The following activities will need a lot of co-ordination and imply the need for full-time posts : Schools/Industry curriculum development , — monitoring and placement of students who achieve Compact goals , — Work Experience .
the following activities will need a lot of co-ordination and imply the need for full-time posts : schools/industry curriculum development , — [watching] and placement of students who achieve compact goals , — work experience .

The Training Agency will be involved in monitoring and evaluating those Compacts which it funds .
the training agency will be involved in [watching] and evaluating those compacts which it funds .

Partnerships and education authorities will of course wish to make their own arrangements for monitoring .
partnerships and education authorities will of course wish to make their own arrangements for [watching] .

The notion of monitoring and recording achievement is integral to Compacts .
the notion of [watching] and recording achievement is integral to compacts .

It is likely that most Partnerships will wish to employ more comprehensive monitoring and evaluation techniques .
it is likely that most partnerships will wish to employ more comprehensive [watching] and evaluation techniques .

Teachers will make a `` monitoring `` visit to each student during the Work Experience placement to ensure that there are no problems .
teachers will make a `` [watching] `` visit to each student during the work experience placement to ensure that there are no problems .

8 . Can the Union be involved in briefing and monitoring young people on Work Experience ?
8 . can the union be involved in briefing and [watching] young people on work experience ?

Each Compact will make its own arrangements for monitoring the quality of jobs offered .
each compact will make its own arrangements for [watching] the quality of jobs offered .

Does senior management have a system for monitoring the outcome of ward-based rostering ?
does senior management have a system for [watching] the outcome of ward-based rostering ?

They are concerned with the procedures through which Policies are implemented : communications , co-ordination and control ; and with the monitoring of the effectiveness of institutional actions .
they are concerned with the procedures through which policies are implemented : communications , co-ordination and control ; and with the [watching] of the effectiveness of institutional actions .

The government did not agree with these proposals , Instead they introduced a requirement to appoint one officer responsible for reviewing the propriety and legality of council business ( the ‘ monitoring officer ’ ) and another responsible for the management of council services ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : clauses 4 and 5 ) .
the government did not agree with these proposals , instead they introduced a requirement to appoint one officer responsible for reviewing the propriety and legality of council business ( the ‘ [watching] officer ’ ) and another responsible for the management of council services ( local government and housing act 1989 : clauses 4 and 5 ) .

To prevent any impropriety in the appointment of officers on political grounds , the monitoring officer may , by regulations , be given the power to comment on appointments to politically restricted posts ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : Clause 8 ) .
to prevent any impropriety in the appointment of officers on political grounds , the [watching] officer may , by regulations , be given the power to comment on appointments to politically restricted posts ( local government and housing act 1989 : clause 8 ) .

The basic principles of scientific decision-making produce a model with the following characteristics : ‘ identification of needs/problems ; setting of objectives ; identification of alternative choices ; evaluation of alternatives ; choice of preferred alternatives ; implementation ; and monitoring feedback and review ’ ( Leach and Stewart 1982:6 ) .
the basic principles of scientific decision-making produce a model with the following characteristics : ‘ identification of needs/problems ; setting of objectives ; identification of alternative choices ; evaluation of alternatives ; choice of preferred alternatives ; implementation ; and [watching] feedback and review ’ ( leach and stewart 1982:6 ) .

a wide array of intermediate reforms … including anti-racist and race equality policies and programmes , ethnic record keeping and monitoring of jobs and services , establishment of race equality targets and timetables , appointment of specialist race relations staff across the authority departments , equal opportunity clauses in contracts and contract compliance policies , race training , positive action training , racial harassment procedures , and many others ( Butcher et al , 1990 : 124 ; cf .
a wide array of intermediate reforms … including anti-racist and race equality policies and programmes , ethnic record keeping and [watching] of jobs and services , establishment of race equality targets and timetables , appointment of specialist race relations staff across the authority departments , equal opportunity clauses in contracts and contract compliance policies , race training , positive action training , racial harassment procedures , and many others ( butcher et al , 1990 : 124 ; cf .

In a real sense , then , sociology can be seen as having an important ‘ critical ’ role to play in monitoring and assessing the impact of social policy , and in questioning accepted assumptions in these areas .
in a real sense , then , sociology can be seen as having an important ‘ critical ’ role to play in [watching] and assessing the impact of social policy , and in questioning accepted assumptions in these areas .

The firm has been at pains to correct this recently , however , and points to a ban of all flags in the workplace ( Union Jacks were seen to be intimidatory ) and its monitoring of the composition of the workforce .
the firm has been at pains to correct this recently , however , and points to a ban of all flags in the workplace ( union jacks were seen to be intimidatory ) and its [watching] of the composition of the workforce .

Fifth , an interim report of the Avon Drug Abuse Monitoring Project ( Gay et al .1985 ) , which investigated problem drug users known to a dozen agencies during the one-year period ending March 1985 , reported an estimated annual prevalence rate of 0.5 known opioid users per 1,000 of the total Bristol population .
fifth , an interim report of the avon drug abuse [watching] project ( gay et al .1985 ) , which investigated problem drug users known to a dozen agencies during the one-year period ending march 1985 , reported an estimated annual prevalence rate of 0.5 known opioid users per 1,000 of the total bristol population .

Here today , here tomorrow : monitoring and forecasting trends in heroin use
here today , here tomorrow : [watching] and forecasting trends in heroin use

Continued monitoring of both the drug users known to official agencies and the ‘ hidden users ’ in the community is the only sure way of keeping abreast of developments in drug-taking behaviour .
continued [watching] of both the drug users known to official agencies and the ‘ hidden users ’ in the community is the only sure way of keeping abreast of developments in drug-taking behaviour .

Practice appears to be fairly relaxed on this matter . The Special Commission of the Hague Conference held in 1977 to review the working of the Convention found that there was no systematic monitoring of the competence of forwarding authorities :
practice appears to be fairly relaxed on this matter . the special commission of the hague conference held in 1977 to review the working of the convention found that there was no systematic [watching] of the competence of forwarding authorities :

The industry refuses to allow publication of research commissioned by the monitoring committee .
the industry refuses to allow publication of research commissioned by the [watching] committee .

This is the trigger question which has been used recently to encourage students in the Department of Industrial Technology to contribute to the monitoring and evaluation of the management , delivery and content of their course .
this is the trigger question which has been used recently to encourage students in the department of industrial technology to contribute to the [watching] and evaluation of the management , delivery and content of their course .

Although Hendrique was staring at him Graham was more interested in monitoring the progress of the indicator .
although hendrique was staring at him graham was more interested in [watching] the progress of the indicator .

The model envisages that a regional management tier will have an important role in strategy development , monitoring , and accountability .
the model envisages that a regional management tier will have an important role in strategy development , [watching] , and accountability .

In doing this family health services authorities , community health services , and local authorities will have to achieve true partnerships as well as involving local people in service design and monitoring .
in doing this family health services authorities , community health services , and local authorities will have to achieve true partnerships as well as involving local people in service design and [watching] .

Self monitoring of blood glucose
self [watching] of blood glucose

’ Although perhaps a case can be made for self monitoring by patients treated with insulin , there is no evidence to justify this expensive and uncomfortable practice for most people with non-insulin treated diabetes .
’ although perhaps a case can be made for self [watching] by patients treated with insulin , there is no evidence to justify this expensive and uncomfortable practice for most people with non-insulin treated diabetes .

Several studies of self monitoring in non-insulin dependent diabetes have now been carried out , but no difference has been found in glycaemic control between those who monitor their blood glucose concentrations and those who do not .
several studies of self [watching] in non-insulin dependent diabetes have now been carried out , but no difference has been found in glycaemic control between those who monitor their blood glucose concentrations and those who do not .

As a basis for adjustments to treatment results of self monitoring have now been superseded by the glycated haemoglobin concentration or results of fructosamine assays .
as a basis for adjustments to treatment results of self [watching] have now been superseded by the glycated haemoglobin concentration or results of fructosamine assays .

Therefore , if self monitoring of blood glucose concentrations does not influence either treatment or glycaemic control its value is limited in non-insulin treated diabetes .
therefore , if self [watching] of blood glucose concentrations does not influence either treatment or glycaemic control its value is limited in non-insulin treated diabetes .

These test strips should be used only for monitoring and not for making executive decisions .
these test strips should be used only for [watching] and not for making executive decisions .

Editor , — Roger Smith underestimates the contribution that biochemical markers of bone resorption can make to the diagnosis and monitoring of Paget 's disease .
editor , — roger smith underestimates the contribution that biochemical markers of bone resorption can make to the diagnosis and [watching] of paget 's disease .

There was agreement to strengthen the procedure for joint monitoring of economic and monetary policies within each member country .
there was agreement to strengthen the procedure for joint [watching] of economic and monetary policies within each member country .

An awareness that the debt problem of the developing countries — particularly the group of fifteen heavily indebted nations ( see Section 8.2.2 ) required monitoring .
an awareness that the debt problem of the developing countries — particularly the group of fifteen heavily indebted nations ( see section 8.2.2 ) required [watching] .

Close monitoring
close [watching]

He will also be involved in monitoring the service provided at the association 's residential homes , in Frinton-on-Sea and Wanstead , north-east London .
he will also be involved in [watching] the service provided at the association 's residential homes , in frinton-on-sea and wanstead , north-east london .

The plant will be effectively sealed off from the world apart from periodic inspection and monitoring visits by skilled staff .
the plant will be effectively sealed off from the world apart from periodic inspection and [watching] visits by skilled staff .

The Requalification team began to work closely with the co-ordinator and the authors , identifying the criteria to be achieved and monitoring and assisting with the progress documents .
the requalification team began to work closely with the co-ordinator and the authors , identifying the criteria to be achieved and [watching] and assisting with the progress documents .

As in so many other areas , developments in the European general insurance field are providing the profession with much more work in monitoring and reviewing draft directives and associated legislation from the regulatory authorities .
as in so many other areas , developments in the european general insurance field are providing the profession with much more work in [watching] and reviewing draft directives and associated legislation from the regulatory authorities .

The waters around the Sullom Voe oil terminal are cleaner than the Forth and many other British estuaries , a conference on environmental monitoring was told last month .
the waters around the sullom voe oil terminal are cleaner than the forth and many other british estuaries , a conference on environmental [watching] was told last month .

Scottish Office environment minister , Sir Hector Munro , said the conference papers were ‘ impressive witness ’ to the scope and depth of the monitoring programme funded by the oil companies involved with Sullom Voe .
scottish office environment minister , sir hector munro , said the conference papers were ‘ impressive witness ’ to the scope and depth of the [watching] programme funded by the oil companies involved with sullom voe .

While on site , The Grimley Partnership did filming for a separate ten-minute video on constant gas monitoring .
while on site , the grimley partnership did filming for a separate ten-minute video on constant gas [watching] .

The Group Insurance Executive is responsible for assessing environmental risk and where appropriate obtaining and monitoring suitable and sufficient insurance cover with respect to the Group 's environmental liability .
the group insurance executive is responsible for assessing environmental risk and where appropriate obtaining and [watching] suitable and sufficient insurance cover with respect to the group 's environmental liability .

The Group Occupational Hygienist has responsibility for monitoring the environment and policing systems to comply with the policy objectives .
the group occupational hygienist has responsibility for [watching] the environment and policing systems to comply with the policy objectives .

The Group Research Technologist will liaise with the Group Environmental Manager on issues concerning the monitoring and analysis of environmental samples and the development of recording systems for such data .
the group research technologist will liaise with the group environmental manager on issues concerning the [watching] and analysis of environmental samples and the development of recording systems for such data .

The programme uses various monitoring and target setting techniques to use energy efficiently throughout the Group .
the programme uses various [watching] and target setting techniques to use energy efficiently throughout the group .

The work experience module was felt to assist preparation , monitoring and review of the work placements .
the work experience module was felt to assist preparation , [watching] and review of the work placements .

Monitoring can be a lengthy process .
[watching] can be a lengthy process .

In such cases it may be appropriate to consider continuing full cover on behalf of the new owner of the property until the end of the monitoring period , at which time we will be responsible for any remedial work required .
in such cases it may be appropriate to consider continuing full cover on behalf of the new owner of the property until the end of the [watching] period , at which time we will be responsible for any remedial work required .

Legionnaires ' Disease , Sick Building Syndrome , Humidifier Fever and problems from contaminated ductwork have given fresh emphasis to the need for regular inspections , monitoring and specialist cleaning of water and air conditioning systems .
legionnaires ' disease , sick building syndrome , humidifier fever and problems from contaminated ductwork have given fresh emphasis to the need for regular inspections , [watching] and specialist cleaning of water and air conditioning systems .

These have included significant developments in rodent control , bird control , fumigation and measures for the detection and monitoring of pest infestations .
these have included significant developments in rodent control , bird control , fumigation and measures for the detection and [watching] of pest infestations .

We will have new recruitment procedure , training days with educational input from the Chief Education Executive , continual monitoring and evaluation .
we will have new recruitment procedure , training days with educational input from the chief education executive , continual [watching] and evaluation .

regular training sessions and monitoring of all teaching and support staff .
regular training sessions and [watching] of all teaching and support staff .

The study aimed to allow staff and parents time to think critically together about educational issues and their joint responsibilities , and to provide a brief record of the process which would include a monitoring commentary .
the study aimed to allow staff and parents time to think critically together about educational issues and their joint responsibilities , and to provide a brief record of the process which would include a [watching] commentary .

This makes monitoring and evaluation more difficult except at the casual , ‘ How do you feel it went ?
this makes [watching] and evaluation more difficult except at the casual , ‘ how do you feel it went ?

While informal evaluation is important , some formal , but brief , method of monitoring what has happened is crucial .
while informal evaluation is important , some formal , but brief , method of [watching] what has happened is crucial .

How can ‘ good practice ’ in negotiating , writing and monitoring a school policy be shared with other schools ?
how can ‘ good practice ’ in negotiating , writing and [watching] a school policy be shared with other schools ?

• the first stage of a phased approach to the monitoring of the profession 's compliance with the Accounts Rules requirements at a cost of £0.3m ;
• the first stage of a phased approach to the [watching] of the profession 's compliance with the accounts rules requirements at a cost of £0.3m ;

Building in regular evaluation of activities and training , as a way of improving and monitoring performance .
building in regular evaluation of activities and training , as a way of improving and [watching] performance .

Which is why , as well as keeping the risk management team on a permanent footing , the most important appointment to it is its head , carrying out the crucial task of continually monitoring and coordinating activities across the organisation .
which is why , as well as keeping the risk management team on a permanent footing , the most important appointment to it is its head , carrying out the crucial task of continually [watching] and coordinating activities across the organisation .

Key to all this has been one of Davidson 's major responsibilities , the development of a highly sophisticated system of strategic , operational and individual business plans and performance monitoring and review .
key to all this has been one of davidson 's major responsibilities , the development of a highly sophisticated system of strategic , operational and individual business plans and performance [watching] and review .

Looking back on his earlier career , he said : ‘ Banks used to be terrible at monitoring their own costs and profitability .
looking back on his earlier career , he said : ‘ banks used to be terrible at [watching] their own costs and profitability .

The Government feels that the disclosure regulations , which came into force in October 1991 , place too onerous a task on auditing firms and clients in monitoring payments to associates which at the same time are unlikely to impair the independence and integrity of the audit .
the government feels that the disclosure regulations , which came into force in october 1991 , place too onerous a task on auditing firms and clients in [watching] payments to associates which at the same time are unlikely to impair the independence and integrity of the audit .

the care given to the development of access courses and to the monitoring of progress of non-traditional entrants .
the care given to the development of access courses and to the [watching] of progress of non-traditional entrants .

there would appear to be a need for closer monitoring of attendance on induction training for new academic staff and perhaps a higher priority to be given to further staff development and training of mid-career and senior staff in the area of teaching and learning-facilitating skills .
there would appear to be a need for closer [watching] of attendance on induction training for new academic staff and perhaps a higher priority to be given to further staff development and training of mid-career and senior staff in the area of teaching and learning-facilitating skills .

The School has taken a number of steps to maintain these numbers by continual monitoring and updating the programmes it offers ; the Financial Studies degrees have recently been re-structured to make them more attractive to students wishing to enter the financial services industry ; Mathematics continues to expand the portfolio of the degree combination it offers .
the school has taken a number of steps to maintain these numbers by continual [watching] and updating the programmes it offers ; the financial studies degrees have recently been re-structured to make them more attractive to students wishing to enter the financial services industry ; mathematics continues to expand the portfolio of the degree combination it offers .

Apart from ensuring state-of-the-art kitchen equipment was installed and an easy-to-clean environment created , Mr Prior also opted for Comark electronic temperature monitoring equipment in his cold rooms and kitchens .
apart from ensuring state-of-the-art kitchen equipment was installed and an easy-to-clean environment created , mr prior also opted for comark electronic temperature [watching] equipment in his cold rooms and kitchens .

Bexley Hospital , Kent , meanwhile , hatched a plan to install monitoring devices which are said to emulate the thermal properties of food to give a more accurate core temperature reading .
bexley hospital , kent , meanwhile , hatched a plan to install [watching] devices which are said to emulate the thermal properties of food to give a more accurate core temperature reading .

Indeed most refrigerator manufacturers provide digital temperature monitoring as a built-in feature .
indeed most refrigerator manufacturers provide digital temperature [watching] as a built-in feature .

These schools ' systems for monitoring attendance were discussed and observed .
these schools ' systems for [watching] attendance were discussed and observed .

This goes beyond monitoring attendance to exploring reasons for absence .
this goes beyond [watching] attendance to exploring reasons for absence .

having a senior member of staff in charge of monitoring attendance
having a senior member of staff in charge of [watching] attendance

Most staff with responsibility for monitoring attendance knew likely persistent truants from past contact with families .
most staff with responsibility for [watching] attendance knew likely persistent truants from past contact with families .

Schools tackle casual truancy by having good monitoring systems , a member of senior staff in charge of attendance , regular , timetabled liaison withe the education welfare officer and special classes or groups .
schools tackle casual truancy by having good [watching] systems , a member of senior staff in charge of attendance , regular , timetabled liaison withe the education welfare officer and special classes or groups .

Line managers are responsible for allocating you work , setting and monitoring the general standards of conduct and performance they require from you at work and helping you perform to the best of your ability .
line managers are responsible for allocating you work , setting and [watching] the general standards of conduct and performance they require from you at work and helping you perform to the best of your ability .

Monitoring Standards of Service
[watching] standards of service

We will be monitoring the pilots carefully to see how they are delivered so we can identify and repeat successes elsewhere .
we will be [watching] the pilots carefully to see how they are delivered so we can identify and repeat successes elsewhere .

Monitoring of Landfill Gas .
[watching] of landfill gas .

not just monitoring and review , but also continuous implementation — whether guidance to inquiries , Local Plans , infrastructure providers or developers ;
not just [watching] and review , but also continuous implementation — whether guidance to inquiries , local plans , infrastructure providers or developers ;

You found out that we 're monitoring the ranks of the military , Academicians and priests .
you found out that we 're [watching] the ranks of the military , academicians and priests .

‘ This is a deep space monitoring station .
‘ this is a deep space [watching] station .

Within key areas , students receive instruction in various topics including : atmospheric pollution ; global change ; sedimentary chemistry ; aquatic radiochemistry ; structural geochemistry ; contamination of the soil environment ; pesticide chemistry ; food chemistry ; industrial pollution control ; hazardous waste disposal ; environmental sampling and monitoring ; heavy elements ; chemical carcinogens ; environmental modelling and environmental toxicology .
within key areas , students receive instruction in various topics including : atmospheric pollution ; global change ; sedimentary chemistry ; aquatic radiochemistry ; structural geochemistry ; contamination of the soil environment ; pesticide chemistry ; food chemistry ; industrial pollution control ; hazardous waste disposal ; environmental sampling and [watching] ; heavy elements ; chemical carcinogens ; environmental modelling and environmental toxicology .

Discussing the implementation of partnership in validation , the Sociological Studies Board , for example , heard concern about the ‘ apparent lack of sympathy which may exist in institutions ’ internal monitoring and validation procedures to academic developments in sociology , in that the views expressed may be harsher and more inhibiting than those expressed by the Board ' .
discussing the implementation of partnership in validation , the sociological studies board , for example , heard concern about the ‘ apparent lack of sympathy which may exist in institutions ’ internal [watching] and validation procedures to academic developments in sociology , in that the views expressed may be harsher and more inhibiting than those expressed by the board ' .

Career opportunities in environmental science are expanding , particularly in fields such as water supply , environmental impact assessment , engineering geology and pollution monitoring and control .
career opportunities in environmental science are expanding , particularly in fields such as water supply , environmental impact assessment , engineering geology and pollution [watching] and control .

The science of statistics is essential to the quality revolution in industry , the assessment of new medicines , the monitoring of environmental hazards , market research , the controlling of telephone networks , the planning of educational provision and countless other aspects of modern life .
the science of statistics is essential to the quality revolution in industry , the assessment of new medicines , the [watching] of environmental hazards , market research , the controlling of telephone networks , the planning of educational provision and countless other aspects of modern life .

The Meteorology Department has outstanding facilities for monitoring the weather elements : it commands fine open views of sky and landscape , has a sophisticated system of local sensing and recording , obtains ‘ live ’ meteorological satellite pictures , and has a direct link with the national and international network of observers .
the meteorology department has outstanding facilities for [watching] the weather elements : it commands fine open views of sky and landscape , has a sophisticated system of local sensing and recording , obtains ‘ live ’ meteorological satellite pictures , and has a direct link with the national and international network of observers .

What the cameras did not show were the anonymous men mingling with the crowd , the sophisticated electronic surveillance devices , the hidden cameras monitoring the crowd , the concealed marksmen at vantage points above their heads .
what the cameras did not show were the anonymous men mingling with the crowd , the sophisticated electronic surveillance devices , the hidden cameras [watching] the crowd , the concealed marksmen at vantage points above their heads .

All afternoon he had been monitoring the progress of the Peace Demo from Hyde Park to Trafalgar Square and plotting the advance of the National Front from the opposite direction .
all afternoon he had been [watching] the progress of the peace demo from hyde park to trafalgar square and plotting the advance of the national front from the opposite direction .

This leads to a final consideration , namely whether politicians behave in the way Niskanen and others assume they do , either in their sensitivity to the costs and benefits of public expenditure or in their inability to obtain adequate information for the monitoring job they are required to do .
this leads to a final consideration , namely whether politicians behave in the way niskanen and others assume they do , either in their sensitivity to the costs and benefits of public expenditure or in their inability to obtain adequate information for the [watching] job they are required to do .

‘ You mean really deep , persistent scrutiny and monitoring of my day to day existence ? What a less law-abiding , trusting soul might well call harassment if they were feeling uncharitable ? ’
‘ you mean really deep , persistent scrutiny and [watching] of my day to day existence ? what a less law-abiding , trusting soul might well call harassment if they were feeling uncharitable ? ’

Monitoring of the patients included recording of blood pressure , heart rate , and urine output and , in haemodynamically unstable patients , measurement of central venous pressure .
[watching] of the patients included recording of blood pressure , heart rate , and urine output and , in haemodynamically unstable patients , measurement of central venous pressure .

After 10 minutes of infusion , the manometric catheter was removed , two sips of tap water were given to clear acid from the oesophagus , and 22 hours of pH monitoring were started .
after 10 minutes of infusion , the manometric catheter was removed , two sips of tap water were given to clear acid from the oesophagus , and 22 hours of ph [watching] were started .

We also studied oesophageal sensitivity to acid during acid perfusion test and overnight pH monitoring .
we also studied oesophageal sensitivity to acid during acid perfusion test and overnight ph [watching] .

Symptoms during overnight pH monitoring lasted longer in patients with prolonged oesophageal acid exposure .
symptoms during overnight ph [watching] lasted longer in patients with prolonged oesophageal acid exposure .

Measurement of bone density is helpful in assessing the risk of oesteoporosis in patients and in monitoring response to treatment .
measurement of bone density is helpful in assessing the risk of oesteoporosis in patients and in [watching] response to treatment .

For the remaining 20 % of patients in whom no cause for the anaemia has been found , careful follow up with monitoring of haemoglobin and red cell indices is required .
for the remaining 20 % of patients in whom no cause for the anaemia has been found , careful follow up with [watching] of haemoglobin and red cell indices is required .

Topical steroid requirement — To allow monitoring , topical steroids were prescribed by the investigator .
topical steroid requirement — to allow [watching] , topical steroids were prescribed by the investigator .

It may aid in monitoring therapy ; in our patient the institution of warfarin therapy was followed by a striking reduction in the frequency of emboli .
it may aid in [watching] therapy ; in our patient the institution of warfarin therapy was followed by a striking reduction in the frequency of emboli .

Prolonged monitoring of the upper gastrointestinal tract using echo planar magnetic resonance imaging
prolonged [watching] of the upper gastrointestinal tract using echo planar magnetic resonance imaging

Scintigraphic findings during simultaneously manometry and pH monitoring indicated that cycling resulted from repeated reflux events and their oesophageal clearance .
scintigraphic findings during simultaneously manometry and ph [watching] indicated that cycling resulted from repeated reflux events and their oesophageal clearance .

Simultaneous pH measurements or monitoring of lower oesophageal sphincter pressure may then be required to identify the true nature of the phenomenon .
simultaneous ph measurements or [watching] of lower oesophageal sphincter pressure may then be required to identify the true nature of the phenomenon .

In this context attention is drawn to the fact that 24 hour ambulatory pressure monitoring indicates that non-sequential ( simultaneous ) pressure peaks are often found in normal subjects .
in this context attention is drawn to the fact that 24 hour ambulatory pressure [watching] indicates that non-sequential ( simultaneous ) pressure peaks are often found in normal subjects .

The patient was managed conservatively with regular monitoring of renal function and of pseudocyst size .
the patient was managed conservatively with regular [watching] of renal function and of pseudocyst size .

Answer guide : Level of detail , need for overview , monitoring and control information , different reporting frequencies required , strategic level information .
answer guide : level of detail , need for overview , [watching] and control information , different reporting frequencies required , strategic level information .

Students should be encouraged to look at the other information in the financial accounting system to see if it would be helpful for managers in terms of monitoring , planning or control .
students should be encouraged to look at the other information in the financial accounting system to see if it would be helpful for managers in terms of [watching] , planning or control .

Answer guide : Managers would be using it to plan future activity levels , order stocks , employ labour etc. whereas bankers are more interested in an overview of where the business is likely to go and perhaps also as a monitoring tool , although it is doubtful that such a level of sophistication is applied to the majority of enterprises .
answer guide : managers would be using it to plan future activity levels , order stocks , employ labour etc. whereas bankers are more interested in an overview of where the business is likely to go and perhaps also as a [watching] tool , although it is doubtful that such a level of sophistication is applied to the majority of enterprises .

Stage 4 Monitoring and Possible Corrective Action Monitoring is the process of comparing actual performance with a predetermined plan .
stage 4 [watching] and possible corrective action [watching] is the process of comparing actual performance with a predetermined plan .

Perhaps the sheep were monitoring the futures market in wool .
perhaps the sheep were [watching] the futures market in wool .

During and Spencer 's study differs from earlier ones in which microdialysis was used in that it involved chronic monitoring ( up to 16 days ) in conscious patients .
during and spencer 's study differs from earlier ones in which microdialysis was used in that it involved chronic [watching] ( up to 16 days ) in conscious patients .

Many factors such as the time and space available in intensive care units will determine how soon such discoveries can be translated into routine procedures for investigating and monitoring patients .
many factors such as the time and space available in intensive care units will determine how soon such discoveries can be translated into routine procedures for investigating and [watching] patients .

The Geneva group describes peer review , voluntary , and mandatory monitoring schemes , but makes no recommendations .
the geneva group describes peer review , voluntary , and mandatory [watching] schemes , but makes no recommendations .

How much control of clinical practice should be included in the monitoring schemes ?
how much control of clinical practice should be included in the [watching] schemes ?

By creating ‘ yardsticks ’ , central government may find the task of monitoring quality of service more manageable ( e.g .
by creating ‘ yardsticks ’ , central government may find the task of [watching] quality of service more manageable ( e.g .

For a start , there is the problem of determining and monitoring the environmental safety of these chemicals .
for a start , there is the problem of determining and [watching] the environmental safety of these chemicals .

But recent monitoring shows that Nestle are still pouring free supplies of baby milks into maternity wards in Asia and Africa .
but recent [watching] shows that nestle are still pouring free supplies of baby milks into maternity wards in asia and africa .

Britain dropped out of the project when the space-research budget was cut last year , but the satellite would be particularly useful for monitoring the destruction of the Amazon forest and other aspects of climatic change .
britain dropped out of the project when the space-research budget was cut last year , but the satellite would be particularly useful for [watching] the destruction of the amazon forest and other aspects of climatic change .

In January it was decided to go on talking but let a ’ monitoring group ’ suggest what should be done with the results .
in january it was decided to go on talking but let a ’ [watching] group ’ suggest what should be done with the results .

Taking positive corrective action converts monitoring into control .
taking positive corrective action converts [watching] into control .

This process is analogous to estimating , programming and monitoring a construction project .
this process is analogous to estimating , programming and [watching] a construction project .

The partner in charge of several project engineers , however , will be looking at a coarser level of cost increment ( say £5000 ) in controlling and monitoring the performance of his or her group of engineers .
the partner in charge of several project engineers , however , will be looking at a coarser level of cost increment ( say £5000 ) in controlling and [watching] the performance of his or her group of engineers .

Information gathered form monitoring will result in decisions which need to be taken to maintain control of the project .
information gathered form [watching] will result in decisions which need to be taken to maintain control of the project .

But some legitimate worries remain and strict monitoring is still necessary .
but some legitimate worries remain and strict [watching] is still necessary .

Nevertheless , extreme vigilance and monitoring are still needed each time a new product is sanctioned for release into the environment .
nevertheless , extreme vigilance and [watching] are still needed each time a new product is sanctioned for release into the environment .

To date , such monitoring has not revealed any deleterious effects from the limited number of organisms which have been released .
to date , such [watching] has not revealed any deleterious effects from the limited number of organisms which have been released .

On the following day the Országgyülés adopted a new law on internal security , including strict controls on the use of telephone and mail surveillance , after hearing acting Interior Minister Zoltan Pál admit that covert monitoring of the opposition had continued until little more than a week before , and that documents relating to the scandal had been shredded in defiance of a government order to secure all files for investigation .
on the following day the országgyülés adopted a new law on internal security , including strict controls on the use of telephone and mail surveillance , after hearing acting interior minister zoltan pál admit that covert [watching] of the opposition had continued until little more than a week before , and that documents relating to the scandal had been shredded in defiance of a government order to secure all files for investigation .

The section on development projects included more detailed provisions than previously on technical co-operation , implementation procedures , monitoring and evaluation of projects , and the allocation of responsibility for management and execution of projects .
the section on development projects included more detailed provisions than previously on technical co-operation , implementation procedures , [watching] and evaluation of projects , and the allocation of responsibility for management and execution of projects .

Progress was made , however , on the logistics of a ceasefire , including agreement on monitoring procedures .
progress was made , however , on the logistics of a ceasefire , including agreement on [watching] procedures .

On Sept. 4 four officials from the Helsinki Federation international human rights monitoring group were detained by police in the Kosovo town of Prizren , accused of distributing `` hostile propaganda `` .
on sept. 4 four officials from the helsinki federation international human rights [watching] group were detained by police in the kosovo town of prizren , accused of distributing `` hostile propaganda `` .

Here are some simple guidelines on the organisation and monitoring of small group work .
here are some simple guidelines on the organisation and [watching] of small group work .

If , as you 're monitoring the work , you think that all the groups are engaged in the tasks and working well , you can give them a little longer .
if , as you 're [watching] the work , you think that all the groups are engaged in the tasks and working well , you can give them a little longer .

We can deal with most of these problems , however , by examining and tackling the central problems of monitoring , intervention and audience/performer relationship .
we can deal with most of these problems , however , by examining and tackling the central problems of [watching] , intervention and audience/performer relationship .

Monitoring and intervention
[watching] and intervention

The advantage , however , of first letting them improvise more freely in small groups is that with careful monitoring you can see what 's interesting them , what they want to explore in their drama . It may well be that several groups have had a burglary , in which case the teacher could use this as the focus : " How are we going to deal with it ? How are we going to stop it happening again ? "
the advantage , however , of first letting them improvise more freely in small groups is that with careful [watching] you can see what 's interesting them , what they want to explore in their drama . it may well be that several groups have had a burglary , in which case the teacher could use this as the focus : " how are we going to deal with it ? how are we going to stop it happening again ? "

Careful British monitoring of Soviet conduct suggested that with delicate diplomacy a peaceful settlement might be possible .
careful british [watching] of soviet conduct suggested that with delicate diplomacy a peaceful settlement might be possible .

The ambassador reported that `` The Emperor is monitoring the serious political illness which has gripped all countries , and believes his empire very far from being immune from infection `` ; Nicholas was now of the opinion that `` Highly reprehensible principles have been disseminated among young people who completed their university courses around three years ago , among people who have lived abroad for a long time , and also among teachers , professors , writers and journalists .
the ambassador reported that `` the emperor is [watching] the serious political illness which has gripped all countries , and believes his empire very far from being immune from infection `` ; nicholas was now of the opinion that `` highly reprehensible principles have been disseminated among young people who completed their university courses around three years ago , among people who have lived abroad for a long time , and also among teachers , professors , writers and journalists .

In the second half of the 1850s the Ministry of Education abolished enrolment quotas , exempted the badly off from the payment of fees , readopted the principle of despatching promising scholars to western Europe for postgraduate training , allowed women to attend lectures , ended the practice of monitoring students ' off-campus behaviour , reintroduced contentious subjects like west European law and the history of philosophy , and appointed broad-minded officials to the headships of the empire 's educational districts .
in the second half of the 1850s the ministry of education abolished enrolment quotas , exempted the badly off from the payment of fees , readopted the principle of despatching promising scholars to western europe for postgraduate training , allowed women to attend lectures , ended the practice of [watching] students ' off-campus behaviour , reintroduced contentious subjects like west european law and the history of philosophy , and appointed broad-minded officials to the headships of the empire 's educational districts .

By 1910 the equivalent unit in the Russian foreign ministry was scrutinising more than 150 Russian and foreign newspapers , while even the Ottoman empire had equipped its foreign ministry as early as 1869 with a rudimentary press office whose duties included monitoring the foreign-language papers published on Turkish soil .
by 1910 the equivalent unit in the russian foreign ministry was scrutinising more than 150 russian and foreign newspapers , while even the ottoman empire had equipped its foreign ministry as early as 1869 with a rudimentary press office whose duties included [watching] the foreign-language papers published on turkish soil .

In addition , by monitoring the market and using previous transaction involvement experience , together with the theoretical principles of valuation , we are able to provide independent professional valuations .
in addition , by [watching] the market and using previous transaction involvement experience , together with the theoretical principles of valuation , we are able to provide independent professional valuations .

The City Code envisages that the full board of directors maintains an active involvement in monitoring the conduct of a take-over offer .
the city code envisages that the full board of directors maintains an active involvement in [watching] the conduct of a take-over offer .

It did this by monitoring business performance and by surveying consumer reactions both before and after the training programme .
it did this by [watching] business performance and by surveying consumer reactions both before and after the training programme .

Evaluation of the Trust 's activities was undertaken principally via a questionnaire of a sample of past clients ( n=78 , a response rate of 39 percent ) , supplementing this with a systematic monitoring of enquiries at the Powys Self Help office ( using self record diaries over a two week period ) and conducting interviews with individuals associated with the organisation .
evaluation of the trust 's activities was undertaken principally via a questionnaire of a sample of past clients ( n=78 , a response rate of 39 percent ) , supplementing this with a systematic [watching] of enquiries at the powys self help office ( using self record diaries over a two week period ) and conducting interviews with individuals associated with the organisation .

First , national monitoring of local government women 's initiatives , supplemented by brief case studies , will discover what women 's committees intend to do , what they have done and what political and financial resources they have to carry out their plans .
first , national [watching] of local government women 's initiatives , supplemented by brief case studies , will discover what women 's committees intend to do , what they have done and what political and financial resources they have to carry out their plans .

Monitoring the effect of legislation on health and safety at work
[watching] the effect of legislation on health and safety at work

Monitoring covers sickness , injury and absence and also production indices , quantity , quality and losses .
[watching] covers sickness , injury and absence and also production indices , quantity , quality and losses .

This research is based on a contrasting hypothesis that a long-term relationship built on trust and obligation between a buyer and a sub-contractor leads to better cooperation in innovation , improved quality monitoring and prompt delivery , and that these gains outweigh efficiency loss resulting from rigidity in not switching customers or sub-contractors as prices dictate .
this research is based on a contrasting hypothesis that a long-term relationship built on trust and obligation between a buyer and a sub-contractor leads to better cooperation in innovation , improved quality [watching] and prompt delivery , and that these gains outweigh efficiency loss resulting from rigidity in not switching customers or sub-contractors as prices dictate .

There has been very little attempt to produce an adequate framework for monitoring and evaluating such initiatives .
there has been very little attempt to produce an adequate framework for [watching] and evaluating such initiatives .

To make proposals for the effective monitoring of local employment development agencies .
to make proposals for the effective [watching] of local employment development agencies .

The research should contribute to the development of expert systems used in large-scale monitoring of corporate performance .
the research should contribute to the development of expert systems used in large-scale [watching] of corporate performance .

The main research issues fall into three principal stages of performance management : setting performance standards and targets ; monitoring and review of performance ; and decision taking on appropriate alternative policies and organisational and operational arrangements .
the main research issues fall into three principal stages of performance management : setting performance standards and targets ; [watching] and review of performance ; and decision taking on appropriate alternative policies and organisational and operational arrangements .

Monitoring such standards requires supervision which is both costly and frequently highly imperfect .
[watching] such standards requires supervision which is both costly and frequently highly imperfect .

Even when monitoring can be done effectively , disciplining employees for poor performance is itself costly .
even when [watching] can be done effectively , disciplining employees for poor performance is itself costly .

There are a large number of research projects over a wide range of topics in health and health care : what health is and how it is to be valued , what influences health , the demand for and supply of health care , market equilibria and micro evaluation of treatments to system evaluation and the efficacy of planning , budgeting and monitoring mechanisms available to policy makers .
there are a large number of research projects over a wide range of topics in health and health care : what health is and how it is to be valued , what influences health , the demand for and supply of health care , market equilibria and micro evaluation of treatments to system evaluation and the efficacy of planning , budgeting and [watching] mechanisms available to policy makers .

In particular , policy makers wanting to stimulate technological innovation in given industrial areas lack both solid evidence about past trends in technology and effective ways of monitoring the development of new technologies .
in particular , policy makers wanting to stimulate technological innovation in given industrial areas lack both solid evidence about past trends in technology and effective ways of [watching] the development of new technologies .

This in conjunction with previous research would provide a continuous monitoring of the industry from the early sixties .
this in conjunction with previous research would provide a continuous [watching] of the industry from the early sixties .

The monitoring of health-related behaviour in Scotland and , in particular , change in those behaviours and their diffusion over time ;
the [watching] of health-related behaviour in scotland and , in particular , change in those behaviours and their diffusion over time ;

The Department of Biological Sciences gave an energetic demonstration of aerobic measurement , involving a treadmill and computer monitoring equipment — a project they hope to develop commercially to measure fitness levels in sportsmen and women and in people working in fields where physical stamina is of particular importance .
the department of biological sciences gave an energetic demonstration of aerobic measurement , involving a treadmill and computer [watching] equipment — a project they hope to develop commercially to measure fitness levels in sportsmen and women and in people working in fields where physical stamina is of particular importance .

Their duties include the determination and monitoring of policy but there has not been research into this or any aspects of Probation Committees ' work .
their duties include the determination and [watching] of policy but there has not been research into this or any aspects of probation committees ' work .

This project aims to show how implementation actually occurs , by contemporaneous monitoring of all stages of the implementation process , from Community measure through to adjustment of business and other relevant behaviour .
this project aims to show how implementation actually occurs , by contemporaneous [watching] of all stages of the implementation process , from community measure through to adjustment of business and other relevant behaviour .

In recent years it has been widely suggested that our prisons are in a ‘ state of crisis ’ , a situation made worse by inadequate means for monitoring what the prisons are doing , and a lack of formal safeguards against bad practices .
in recent years it has been widely suggested that our prisons are in a ‘ state of crisis ’ , a situation made worse by inadequate means for [watching] what the prisons are doing , and a lack of formal safeguards against bad practices .

The research will be concerned with the programmes for monitoring and evaluating the quality of schooling which have developed as a consequence of the 1988 Education Reform Act .
the research will be concerned with the programmes for [watching] and evaluating the quality of schooling which have developed as a consequence of the 1988 education reform act .

The Association has continued to be active since 1946 , monitoring the progress of new towns and seeking to further the principles and practice of good planning .
the association has continued to be active since 1946 , [watching] the progress of new towns and seeking to further the principles and practice of good planning .

Consequently , the need for monitoring and evaluating the landscape has become a matter of public concern .
consequently , the need for [watching] and evaluating the landscape has become a matter of public concern .

This initial exploratory study aims to identify how schools cope with the introduction of several innovations at once , to develop theory on the management of planned change , and to develop methods of monitoring the processes involved in managing multiple innovations .
this initial exploratory study aims to identify how schools cope with the introduction of several innovations at once , to develop theory on the management of planned change , and to develop methods of [watching] the processes involved in managing multiple innovations .

‘ We shall be monitoring the situation to make sure cigarettes do n't creep back on . ’
‘ we shall be [watching] the situation to make sure cigarettes do n't creep back on . ’

There 's no doubt that Bob Cooper and his team are pleased with the results of the Commission 's third monitoring report which shows a marked increase in the number of Catholics in employment — up 3,500 in the past two years .
there 's no doubt that bob cooper and his team are pleased with the results of the commission 's third [watching] report which shows a marked increase in the number of catholics in employment — up 3,500 in the past two years .

This is the first monitoring report to include returns from small firms , those employing between 11 and 25 staff .
this is the first [watching] report to include returns from small firms , those employing between 11 and 25 staff .

This project aims at monitoring by quantitative analysis some aspects of changes in the structure of British central government departments over the dozen years from 1972 to date .
this project aims at [watching] by quantitative analysis some aspects of changes in the structure of british central government departments over the dozen years from 1972 to date .

She made herself spend less time with Carolyn , monitoring her own contact with her .
she made herself spend less time with carolyn , [watching] her own contact with her .

O'Hare ( 21 ) is interesting First Division 5 Barnsley while Scottish clubs Partick Thistle and Hamilton are monitoring McIvor 's progress .
o'hare ( 21 ) is interesting first division 5 barnsley while scottish clubs partick thistle and hamilton are [watching] mcivor 's progress .

Performance monitoring Group
performance [watching] group

The Garden will shortly be installing network monitoring software .
the garden will shortly be installing network [watching] software .

Other duties will include setting up new hardware , installing new software , supervising equipment re-location , and assistance to Stationery on the supply and monitoring of computer consumables .
other duties will include setting up new hardware , installing new software , supervising equipment re-location , and assistance to stationery on the supply and [watching] of computer consumables .

Close monitoring of disk usage , together with improved training in file management , must be introduced as a matter of urgency .
close [watching] of disk usage , together with improved training in file management , must be introduced as a matter of urgency .

For 1993 , we should begin planning a professional programme , including pilot advertising with monitoring of the results .
for 1993 , we should begin planning a professional programme , including pilot advertising with [watching] of the results .

molecular studies and environmental monitoring [ heavy metal content etc . ]
molecular studies and environmental [watching] [ heavy metal content etc . ]

Stock control for garden store , monitoring movement of stocks and providing expenditure information by type and department .
stock control for garden store , [watching] movement of stocks and providing expenditure information by type and department .

The research or training outcomes will be clearly delineated , and the programme devised to ensure adequate monitoring of progress , use of the facilities , and the eventual attainment of the objectives .
the research or training outcomes will be clearly delineated , and the programme devised to ensure adequate [watching] of progress , use of the facilities , and the eventual attainment of the objectives .

We must monitor the timeliness of response by devising appropriate methods for logging and monitoring written requests , telephoned requests , and requests made in person .
we must monitor the timeliness of response by devising appropriate methods for logging and [watching] written requests , telephoned requests , and requests made in person .

Monitoring ( Para 36 ) .
[watching] ( para 36 ) .

Ordering and monitoring stocks of Library stationery .
ordering and [watching] stocks of library stationery .

Similar variations of chopping behaviour with rotor position occur at other current levels , so instead of monitoring chopping in an excited phase it can be convenient to excite , at a very low current level , a phase which would normally be switched off at any particular time .
similar variations of chopping behaviour with rotor position occur at other current levels , so instead of [watching] chopping in an excited phase it can be convenient to excite , at a very low current level , a phase which would normally be switched off at any particular time .

Accurate forecasting of pay costs Ability to try flexible alternatives with considerable accuracy Fast response to change Decisions based upon business need ( iv ) Ability to install efficient monitoring systems for lateness and absence ( particularly important in view of recent Government legislation ) .
accurate forecasting of pay costs ability to try flexible alternatives with considerable accuracy fast response to change decisions based upon business need ( iv ) ability to install efficient [watching] systems for lateness and absence ( particularly important in view of recent government legislation ) .

Key technical issues are : whether the operational systems such as payroll can be developed quickly , despite application backlogs , and changed easily as requirements inevitably change ; whether personal computing software is available to set up your Personnel Information System quickly and flexibly without direct recourse to computer professionals , allowing flexible ad hoc reporting and rapid response to continually changing requirements ; whether summaries of this information can be extracted to enable planning , monitoring , controlling and modelling applications to be carried out by the personnel planners .
key technical issues are : whether the operational systems such as payroll can be developed quickly , despite application backlogs , and changed easily as requirements inevitably change ; whether personal computing software is available to set up your personnel information system quickly and flexibly without direct recourse to computer professionals , allowing flexible ad hoc reporting and rapid response to continually changing requirements ; whether summaries of this information can be extracted to enable planning , [watching] , controlling and modelling applications to be carried out by the personnel planners .

In industry and science , process control and equipment monitoring can be far more reliable and effective using a micro .
in industry and science , process control and equipment [watching] can be far more reliable and effective using a micro .

This meant much detailed work , such as keeping track of the relative sizes of the workforces and payrolls of each operating company , the ratios of hourly , weekly and monthly employees , and frequent monitoring of the way these and other factors were changing .
this meant much detailed work , such as keeping track of the relative sizes of the workforces and payrolls of each operating company , the ratios of hourly , weekly and monthly employees , and frequent [watching] of the way these and other factors were changing .

To carry out even that form of monitoring would have required the full-time work of two clerks .
to carry out even that form of [watching] would have required the full-time work of two clerks .

These range from simple audit listings to complex systems for monitoring absence and overtime .
these range from simple audit listings to complex systems for [watching] absence and overtime .

However , the 1961 Plowden reforms were the watershed for modern planning , monitoring and control of public expenditure .
however , the 1961 plowden reforms were the watershed for modern planning , [watching] and control of public expenditure .

Changes in the monitoring and control of public expenditure since Plowden have not meant that planned levels of expenditure can be painlessly reduced .
changes in the [watching] and control of public expenditure since plowden have not meant that planned levels of expenditure can be painlessly reduced .

There is a good monitoring system with an assessment every three months .
there is a good [watching] system with an assessment every three months .

Improved supervision and training in the supervision of investigations — whilst recognising the de-motivating ‘ pressure for results ’ [ which do not necessarily benefit the public ] under which the police often work , the Law Society is concerned that unless these pressures are removed and replaced by monitoring which measures the quality of their work instead , some police officers will continue to allow their preconceptions about an individual 's guilt to affect the way in which they investigate crimes , limiting their enquiries to those which bolster the prosecution case .
improved supervision and training in the supervision of investigations — whilst recognising the de-motivating ‘ pressure for results ’ [ which do not necessarily benefit the public ] under which the police often work , the law society is concerned that unless these pressures are removed and replaced by [watching] which measures the quality of their work instead , some police officers will continue to allow their preconceptions about an individual 's guilt to affect the way in which they investigate crimes , limiting their enquiries to those which bolster the prosecution case .

Making such interlocutory orders and arbitration decisions as are likely to bring about a just , expeditious and economical disposal of the case ; monitoring the progress of any case or class of case [ e.g .
making such interlocutory orders and arbitration decisions as are likely to bring about a just , expeditious and economical disposal of the case ; [watching] the progress of any case or class of case [ e.g .

Subcontractor , Woodward Governor , also provided an interesting display with the Netcon 500 gas turbine monitoring and control system .
subcontractor , woodward governor , also provided an interesting display with the netcon 500 gas turbine [watching] and control system .

Further monitoring and analysis , however , showed that the improvement still did not fully resolve the problem since aborted calls were still being experienced .
further [watching] and analysis , however , showed that the improvement still did not fully resolve the problem since aborted calls were still being experienced .

The game 's ruling body , the International Board , are monitoring the situation on a regular basis .
the game 's ruling body , the international board , are [watching] the situation on a regular basis .

They carried out a survey monitoring our telephone techniques and spent some time listening to how we answered our phones .
they carried out a survey [watching] our telephone techniques and spent some time listening to how we answered our phones .

George Adamson of Birmingham Racial Attacks Monitoring Unit , said : ‘ It looks like there was a racial motive to this killing .
george adamson of birmingham racial attacks [watching] unit , said : ‘ it looks like there was a racial motive to this killing .

Whilst improvements in the material well-being of children during the period under consideration is measurable in the decrease in child mortality rates , and advances in education provision and medical care ( in other words the material evidence of the control and monitoring of children by the state ) , the historical changes which occur in the emotional/psychological category , ‘ the child ’ , are largely unknowable .
whilst improvements in the material well-being of children during the period under consideration is measurable in the decrease in child mortality rates , and advances in education provision and medical care ( in other words the material evidence of the control and [watching] of children by the state ) , the historical changes which occur in the emotional/psychological category , ‘ the child ’ , are largely unknowable .

The quality council is monitoring the progress of all the teams and considering the subjects and composition of teams for the next series of projects .
the quality council is [watching] the progress of all the teams and considering the subjects and composition of teams for the next series of projects .

Such data are valuable for detecting and monitoring change , for example in the type and cover of vegetation , and for observing dynamic phenomena such as sediment patterns in estuaries and coastal waters , or the movements of warm and cold fronts in the lower atmosphere .
such data are valuable for detecting and [watching] change , for example in the type and cover of vegetation , and for observing dynamic phenomena such as sediment patterns in estuaries and coastal waters , or the movements of warm and cold fronts in the lower atmosphere .

Cloud-cover problems will diminish the number of useful images from the 20–22 per year that are theoretically possible , but even so the monitoring of surface phenomena that change during the year ( such as agricultural crops and natural vegetation ) or which change over the years ( for example the extent of the built-up areas of cities or the extent of forest cover ) is possible .
cloud-cover problems will diminish the number of useful images from the 20–22 per year that are theoretically possible , but even so the [watching] of surface phenomena that change during the year ( such as agricultural crops and natural vegetation ) or which change over the years ( for example the extent of the built-up areas of cities or the extent of forest cover ) is possible .

Departments were set up to develop sensors and monitoring systems .
departments were set up to develop sensors and [watching] systems .

The activities described so far have been concerned with periodically recurring factors relating to corporate planning and monitoring of results as part of functional management .
the activities described so far have been concerned with periodically recurring factors relating to corporate planning and [watching] of results as part of functional management .

Monitoring of project progress and expenditure , to enable prompt corrective measures to be taken when needed , is essential if project plans are to be achieved and planned return on investment in new products realized .
[watching] of project progress and expenditure , to enable prompt corrective measures to be taken when needed , is essential if project plans are to be achieved and planned return on investment in new products realized .

It is probably best for engineers to avoid words like ‘ real ’ and ‘ true ’ in discussing costs and to regard accounting as a convention that , if adhered to , can with experience be a valuable means of monitoring the use of company resources .
it is probably best for engineers to avoid words like ‘ real ’ and ‘ true ’ in discussing costs and to regard accounting as a convention that , if adhered to , can with experience be a valuable means of [watching] the use of company resources .

An important aspect of monitoring the progress of a project is to examine the variances and observe whether they are positive or negative .
an important aspect of [watching] the progress of a project is to examine the variances and observe whether they are positive or negative .

The planning and monitoring techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .
the planning and [watching] techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .

Alternatively the bar can be deemed to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .
alternatively the bar can be deemed to represent , for [watching] purposes , 100 per cent of the job .

Monitoring the progress of projects is often done by means of project review meetings of which the minutes form a record of achievement and decisions .
[watching] the progress of projects is often done by means of project review meetings of which the minutes form a record of achievement and decisions .

Described and given an example of the use of slip charts for monitoring projects .
described and given an example of the use of slip charts for [watching] projects .

Monitoring progress towards achieving long term goals
[watching] progress towards achieving long term goals

There is no simple answer in an uncertain world where monitoring and enforcement also use up society 's scarce resources .
there is no simple answer in an uncertain world where [watching] and enforcement also use up society 's scarce resources .

However , simple standards may use up less resources in monitoring and enforcement and may prevent disastrous outcomes when there is uncertainty .
however , simple standards may use up less resources in [watching] and enforcement and may prevent disastrous outcomes when there is uncertainty .

Either the government can order large firms to be split up into smaller independent companies , which it is hoped will act more competitively ( the so-called ‘ structural approach ’ ) , or the government can leave monopoly firms intact but seek to control their performance , for example by monitoring prices and profits and ordering price reductions when firms appear to be exerting their potential monopoly power .
either the government can order large firms to be split up into smaller independent companies , which it is hoped will act more competitively ( the so-called ‘ structural approach ’ ) , or the government can leave monopoly firms intact but seek to control their performance , for example by [watching] prices and profits and ordering price reductions when firms appear to be exerting their potential monopoly power .

Public subsidy may therefore be desirable , but the public commitment to pick up the bills requires public monitoring to ensure that the monopolist continues to minimize costs and produce efficiently .
public subsidy may therefore be desirable , but the public commitment to pick up the bills requires public [watching] to ensure that the monopolist continues to minimize costs and produce efficiently .

Neither public nor private owners happen to be great at monitoring managements .
neither public nor private owners happen to be great at [watching] managements .

The tall girl turned away from the screen she was monitoring to smile at her immediate boss .
the tall girl turned away from the screen she was [watching] to smile at her immediate boss .

Agreement is reached on monitoring emission levels precisely , calculating the factory 's economic viability and evaluating how much people 's health had been affected by the ferrous clouds .
agreement is reached on [watching] emission levels precisely , calculating the factory 's economic viability and evaluating how much people 's health had been affected by the ferrous clouds .

That was my first experience of electronic monitoring .
that was my first experience of electronic [watching] .

In the shopping mall you can see these employees , working alone for little more than the minimum wage , surrounded by some of the world 's most sophisticated monitoring systems .
in the shopping mall you can see these employees , working alone for little more than the minimum wage , surrounded by some of the world 's most sophisticated [watching] systems .

It should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .
it should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , [watching] , appraisal , criticism and modification .

The fourth report of the Committee on Monitoring Agreements on Tobacco Advertising and Sponsorship was produced this summer and the Minister will have had time to study it in detail .
the fourth report of the committee on [watching] agreements on tobacco advertising and sponsorship was produced this summer and the minister will have had time to study it in detail .

That is a derisory total for a committee monitoring agreements on tobacco advertising and sponsorship .
that is a derisory total for a committee [watching] agreements on tobacco advertising and sponsorship .

Sadly , the preface to the report , the covering letter from Mr. John Belloch , chairman of the Committee for Monitoring Agreements on Tobacco Advertising and Sponsorship , shows that the increase in the number of breaches in the past year has risen by 35 per cent .
sadly , the preface to the report , the covering letter from mr. john belloch , chairman of the committee for [watching] agreements on tobacco advertising and sponsorship , shows that the increase in the number of breaches in the past year has risen by 35 per cent .

Referring to assessment and monitoring , the guidelines continue : ’ Their role in these areas of housing will be passed over to housing associations and the private sector . ’
referring to assessment and [watching] , the guidelines continue : ’ their role in these areas of housing will be passed over to housing associations and the private sector . ’

They speak of opting out in the primary , secondary and further education sectors ; as for social services , they speak of monitoring and enabling rather than providing .
they speak of opting out in the primary , secondary and further education sectors ; as for social services , they speak of [watching] and enabling rather than providing .

Furthermore , it finally resolves the conflict between the Department of Energy , as the producer Department , and the Department of Energy as the Department that is responsible for monitoring safety .
furthermore , it finally resolves the conflict between the department of energy , as the producer department , and the department of energy as the department that is responsible for [watching] safety .

The structure of open agreements between district health authorities and hospitals gives us , for the first time , a clear way of setting standards , monitoring them and enforcing them .
the structure of open agreements between district health authorities and hospitals gives us , for the first time , a clear way of setting standards , [watching] them and enforcing them .

We are giving Her Majesty 's inspectorate a key role in monitoring the quality of those permitted to carry out that public service .
we are giving her majesty 's inspectorate a key role in [watching] the quality of those permitted to carry out that public service .

Does my right hon. and learned Friend agree that the whole purpose of the reforms is to increase the number of inspections in schools , not reduce them , and that the monitoring and regulation of the new system will be such that it would not be in the professional interest of any inspector to try to fiddle a report ?
does my right hon. and learned friend agree that the whole purpose of the reforms is to increase the number of inspections in schools , not reduce them , and that the [watching] and regulation of the new system will be such that it would not be in the professional interest of any inspector to try to fiddle a report ?

In view of the appalling massacre that took place last week in East Timor , will the Government call on the United Nations Security Council to discuss East Timor ? Will they press the Security Council to send monitoring teams to East Timor ? What action , other than bland expressions of concern , will they take against Indonesia ?
in view of the appalling massacre that took place last week in east timor , will the government call on the united nations security council to discuss east timor ? will they press the security council to send [watching] teams to east timor ? what action , other than bland expressions of concern , will they take against indonesia ?

Is my right hon. Friend happy that the monitoring systems in Bolsover are as good as those in my constituency ? There are a number of petrochemical plants in my constituency , as well as the Rechem International plant , which disposes of toxic waste , where Her Majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the local district authority carry out extensive monitoring . What additional monitoring does my right hon. Friend 's Department carry out to ensure that toxic emissions can not enter the food chain ?
is my right hon. friend happy that the [watching] systems in bolsover are as good as those in my constituency ? there are a number of petrochemical plants in my constituency , as well as the rechem international plant , which disposes of toxic waste , where her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution and the local district authority carry out extensive [watching] . what additional [watching] does my right hon. friend 's department carry out to ensure that toxic emissions can not enter the food chain ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what monitoring of the ceasefire in El Salvador and the Central American peace process is being undertaken by him .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what [watching] of the ceasefire in el salvador and the central american peace process is being undertaken by him .

Through the United Nations we support the work of the United Nations observer mission in El Salvador which has the task of monitoring all the elements of the recent peace agreement there , including the ceasefire .
through the united nations we support the work of the united nations observer mission in el salvador which has the task of [watching] all the elements of the recent peace agreement there , including the ceasefire .

Indeed , complaints are frequently made that too many monitoring requirements are made of TECs .
indeed , complaints are frequently made that too many [watching] requirements are made of tecs .

Does my right hon. Friend , who is undoubtedly committed to improving health care , agree that the reforms make planning and the provision of supra-regional specialties very much more difficult ? Will he ensure — and give me an assurance — that there will be careful monitoring ?
does my right hon. friend , who is undoubtedly committed to improving health care , agree that the reforms make planning and the provision of supra-regional specialties very much more difficult ? will he ensure — and give me an assurance — that there will be careful [watching] ?

My Department already spends more than £4 million annually on monitoring air quality , particularly in London , and making the information available to the general public and the media .
my department already spends more than £4 million annually on [watching] air quality , particularly in london , and making the information available to the general public and the media .

We are extending the range and coverage of our urban air quality monitoring network in the coming years , and an additional monitoring site came into operation in central London last month .
we are extending the range and coverage of our urban air quality [watching] network in the coming years , and an additional [watching] site came into operation in central london last month .

We welcome the positive steps that the Minister says have been taken , and we are glad to hear of the amount of money being spent on monitoring .
we welcome the positive steps that the minister says have been taken , and we are glad to hear of the amount of money being spent on [watching] .

The most important outcome of the increased use of monitoring equipment is that people who suffer from respiratory diseases can be alerted to the possibility of a problem arising within the following 24 hours .
the most important outcome of the increased use of [watching] equipment is that people who suffer from respiratory diseases can be alerted to the possibility of a problem arising within the following 24 hours .

The National Curriculum Council will take account of the report in monitoring and reviewing the manageability of the national curriculum .
the national curriculum council will take account of the report in [watching] and reviewing the manageability of the national curriculum .

Elected Members of Parliament , councillors and others interested have been dependent , like the general public , on press reports and the monitoring activities of groups such as the Scottish Campaign to Resist the Atomic Menace , Greenpeace and the Northern European Information Group .
elected members of parliament , councillors and others interested have been dependent , like the general public , on press reports and the [watching] activities of groups such as the scottish campaign to resist the atomic menace , greenpeace and the northern european information group .

Regular monitoring will be taking place to see whether the water is of suitable quality for immersion sports .
regular [watching] will be taking place to see whether the water is of suitable quality for immersion sports .

Monitoring of private bailiffs is needed as a matter of urgency .
[watching] of private bailiffs is needed as a matter of urgency .

Clause 70 of the previous Bill required the undertakers to install monitoring apparatus to monitor water level and quality for infectious diseases .
clause 70 of the previous bill required the undertakers to install [watching] apparatus to monitor water level and quality for infectious diseases .

Unhealthy : four roadside monitoring points — Bristol shows toxins — cf 86 Holland .
unhealthy : four roadside [watching] points — bristol shows toxins — cf 86 holland .

If the original parties to a transaction effectively have no other outlet or source once the original contract has been awarded , and they are highly uncertain about the contemporary environment at the time when terms must be renegotiated , an organizational form ( for example a monitoring and control system ) that is tailor-made for that transaction might substantially reduce bargaining costs on each occasion when renegotiation takes place .
if the original parties to a transaction effectively have no other outlet or source once the original contract has been awarded , and they are highly uncertain about the contemporary environment at the time when terms must be renegotiated , an organizational form ( for example a [watching] and control system ) that is tailor-made for that transaction might substantially reduce bargaining costs on each occasion when renegotiation takes place .

With opportunism , a central monitoring unit is a possible way of controlling shirking , by monitoring input performance and adjusting compensation accordingly over time .
with opportunism , a central [watching] unit is a possible way of controlling shirking , by [watching] input performance and adjusting compensation accordingly over time .

Again , the fundamental principles of the peer group would not be compromised if monitoring roles were rotated .
again , the fundamental principles of the peer group would not be compromised if [watching] roles were rotated .

But rotation involves efficiency losses if ( as seems likely ) some people have a comparative advantage in monitoring .
but rotation involves efficiency losses if ( as seems likely ) some people have a comparative advantage in [watching] .

In the case of both decision-making and monitoring , therefore , Williamson argues that realizing gains from comparative advantage requires forming an elite , and therefore a hierarchy .
in the case of both decision-making and [watching] , therefore , williamson argues that realizing gains from comparative advantage requires forming an elite , and therefore a hierarchy .

Acquisition of reflexive social emotions and their contribution to self monitoring
acquisition of reflexive social emotions and their contribution to self [watching]

The research involves monitoring the effects of implementing these administrative support functions in over 140 practices nationwide .
the research involves [watching] the effects of implementing these administrative support functions in over 140 practices nationwide .

Maria made the decision to sacrifice a certain amount of advertising revenue and turn the radio station into a temporary community service , as other stations and television channels were doing , monitoring the situation and providing updates , broadcasting official government warnings and advice to those districts likely to be affected by after-shocks and urging their local listenership to donate blood against a possible depletion of existing supplies .
maria made the decision to sacrifice a certain amount of advertising revenue and turn the radio station into a temporary community service , as other stations and television channels were doing , [watching] the situation and providing updates , broadcasting official government warnings and advice to those districts likely to be affected by after-shocks and urging their local listenership to donate blood against a possible depletion of existing supplies .

This is clearly too sharply drawn , since a number of control devices can be established ( at a cost ) , including direct monitoring , establishment of overlapping agencies and transfer of personnel .
this is clearly too sharply drawn , since a number of control devices can be established ( at a cost ) , including direct [watching] , establishment of overlapping agencies and transfer of personnel .

If we are only monitoring a process of purification , it may not be necessary to identify impurities , but unless we do , we can not be sure how sensitive the check on purity is .
if we are only [watching] a process of purification , it may not be necessary to identify impurities , but unless we do , we can not be sure how sensitive the check on purity is .

There has been work on imperfect monitoring in reputational models , Benabou and Laroque ( 1988 ) , Fudenberg and Levine ( 1988 , 1989 ) ; and there has also been work on models with a continuum of types , Milgrom and Roberts ( 1982 ) .
there has been work on imperfect [watching] in reputational models , benabou and laroque ( 1988 ) , fudenberg and levine ( 1988 , 1989 ) ; and there has also been work on models with a continuum of types , milgrom and roberts ( 1982 ) .

We show how reputation results can be established in games where ; type and action spaces are the real line , there is imperfect monitoring and all the random variables are normally distributed .
we show how reputation results can be established in games where ; type and action spaces are the real line , there is imperfect [watching] and all the random variables are normally distributed .

The condition required for the Fudenberg and Levine ( 1988 ) conclusion with imperfect monitoring is that the dominant strategy type receives strictly positive probability in the priors of the short term agents , or that with positive probability there exist a type which plays the action in equilibrium .
the condition required for the fudenberg and levine ( 1988 ) conclusion with imperfect [watching] is that the dominant strategy type receives strictly positive probability in the priors of the short term agents , or that with positive probability there exist a type which plays the action in equilibrium .

The models of Fudenberg and Levine and Benabou and Laroque show that in games with imperfect monitoring the process of reputation building and destruction is considerably smoother than in games without such noise .
the models of fudenberg and levine and benabou and laroque show that in games with imperfect [watching] the process of reputation building and destruction is considerably smoother than in games without such noise .

The imperfect monitoring of actions means that it takes time for types to self-screen , so they can enjoy a temporary reputation while this is going on .
the imperfect [watching] of actions means that it takes time for types to self-screen , so they can enjoy a temporary reputation while this is going on .

For the most part this involves the monitoring of ratios of various types of asset and liability but may also involve judgements about the nature of particular activities and their appropriateness .
for the most part this involves the [watching] of ratios of various types of asset and liability but may also involve judgements about the nature of particular activities and their appropriateness .

On the usual definition of money , most of this measurement would involve monitoring the size of his or her bank balance over the year but we should also need to make some allowance for notes and coin .
on the usual definition of money , most of this measurement would involve [watching] the size of his or her bank balance over the year but we should also need to make some allowance for notes and coin .

Procedures for monitoring the teachers ' assessments are to be established — especially where there is disagreement between the results of the two forms .
procedures for [watching] the teachers ' assessments are to be established — especially where there is disagreement between the results of the two forms .

It is vitally important , if we are to improve the mathematical attainment of our society , that the educational purposes of formative and diagnostic assessment , which seek to improve the teaching , take precedence over the monitoring and evaluative purposes , which at best merely seek to describe .
it is vitally important , if we are to improve the mathematical attainment of our society , that the educational purposes of formative and diagnostic assessment , which seek to improve the teaching , take precedence over the [watching] and evaluative purposes , which at best merely seek to describe .

Routine monitoring detected radioactivity on some of the substances but not others .
routine [watching] detected radioactivity on some of the substances but not others .

1 . Monitoring of planning applications in all the Regions of Scotland , especially those relating to roads , transport , parking etc , and putting in amendments and objections where needed ;
1 . [watching] of planning applications in all the regions of scotland , especially those relating to roads , transport , parking etc , and putting in amendments and objections where needed ;

It is with this in mind that Mr Chris Clark , Executive Director , Materials Technology Division , has assumed overall responsibility for the implementation and monitoring of our corporate environmental and health and safety policies .
it is with this in mind that mr chris clark , executive director , materials technology division , has assumed overall responsibility for the implementation and [watching] of our corporate environmental and health and safety policies .

In the process of its development the manager must define the purposes of community education , identify the steps by which it can be provided , define responsibilities at each stage and operate some form of continuous monitoring .
in the process of its development the manager must define the purposes of community education , identify the steps by which it can be provided , define responsibilities at each stage and operate some form of continuous [watching] .

This monitoring was needed in order to guarantee to the electors in a local authority that an appropriate service was being provided .
this [watching] was needed in order to guarantee to the electors in a local authority that an appropriate service was being provided .

Monitoring meant assessment and the Audit Commission report was concerned with the local services of advisers and inspectors and with how schools and colleges were managed .
[watching] meant assessment and the audit commission report was concerned with the local services of advisers and inspectors and with how schools and colleges were managed .

‘ monitoring , evaluation and review are key concepts in any modular provision arising naturally from the emphasis in National Certificate on flexibility and choice , negotiation , continuous and internal assessment . ’
‘ [watching] , evaluation and review are key concepts in any modular provision arising naturally from the emphasis in national certificate on flexibility and choice , negotiation , continuous and internal assessment . ’

planning , provision and monitoring of work experience ;
planning , provision and [watching] of work experience ;

seek agreement from the placement that centre staff can carry out monitoring visits as required ;
seek agreement from the placement that centre staff can carry out [watching] visits as required ;

The tutor 's role changes throughout the progression from one of direct support to one of monitoring and consultation .
the tutor 's role changes throughout the progression from one of direct support to one of [watching] and consultation .

Students , in addition to monitoring progress in their chose pursuit ( s ) , will be expected to identify the skills they have used in planning , undertaking and reviewing the activities and to recognise the transferability of these skills .
students , in addition to [watching] progress in their chose pursuit ( s ) , will be expected to identify the skills they have used in planning , undertaking and reviewing the activities and to recognise the transferability of these skills .

Strategies such as a supervisory and monitoring approach , using self and peer assessment , may be used to assist the overall assessment process .
strategies such as a supervisory and [watching] approach , using self and peer assessment , may be used to assist the overall assessment process .

Family favourites , past and present , from the world of showbiz and sport teamed-up with players from more than 40 local firms and national organisations located throughout the North West to help raise funds for Warrington District General Hospital Heart Monitoring Unit Fund .
family favourites , past and present , from the world of showbiz and sport teamed-up with players from more than 40 local firms and national organisations located throughout the north west to help raise funds for warrington district general hospital heart [watching] unit fund .

Lead by commitment to creating , implementing and monitoring a risk management policy which is integral with business policy .
lead by commitment to creating , implementing and [watching] a risk management policy which is integral with business policy .

Performance monitoring is particularly important , and indicators need to be established to enable both risk and risk management system performance to be monitored , using both actual records of loss and ‘ near misses ’ to build up a true picture .
performance [watching] is particularly important , and indicators need to be established to enable both risk and risk management system performance to be monitored , using both actual records of loss and ‘ near misses ’ to build up a true picture .

visual monitoring of crowd density was not effective
visual [watching] of crowd density was not effective

examination of the monitoring circuitry for left/right sensing
examination of the [watching] circuitry for left/right sensing

Give due attention to risk analysis , evaluation , decision making , implementation and monitoring during all phases of an engineering project to ensure effective management of risk .
give due attention to risk analysis , evaluation , decision making , implementation and [watching] during all phases of an engineering project to ensure effective management of risk .

— Absence Monitoring
— absence [watching]

Because one of the by products of peat is methane , careful monitoring had to be carried out throughout the operation to ensure that there was no gas build up or migration .
because one of the by products of peat is methane , careful [watching] had to be carried out throughout the operation to ensure that there was no gas build up or migration .

Performance monitoring showed that the in-built energy efficient features were extremely successful and could reduce fuel bills by as much as 40 per cent .
performance [watching] showed that the in-built energy efficient features were extremely successful and could reduce fuel bills by as much as 40 per cent .

The monitoring of safety by site management .
the [watching] of safety by site management .

They included the fencing and monitoring of migrant worker hostels , regarded as a source of township tension .
they included the fencing and [watching] of migrant worker hostels , regarded as a source of township tension .

Main topics of the latest talks were said to be the new pluralist political system , a draft electoral law , and a timetable and monitoring arrangements for multiparty elections due to be held in 1992 .
main topics of the latest talks were said to be the new pluralist political system , a draft electoral law , and a timetable and [watching] arrangements for multiparty elections due to be held in 1992 .

On Aug. 21 Nikolai Zhurbenko and Pavel Creanga , the heads of the commission monitoring the Dnestr ceasefire , reported that large numbers of arms had been surrendered and that warring groups had mostly disbanded , although Zhurbenko said that it was too soon for peacekeeping forces to be withdrawn .
on aug. 21 nikolai zhurbenko and pavel creanga , the heads of the commission [watching] the dnestr ceasefire , reported that large numbers of arms had been surrendered and that warring groups had mostly disbanded , although zhurbenko said that it was too soon for peacekeeping forces to be withdrawn .

Renewing calls for a ban on all nuclear weapons tests and for an end to the production of weapons-grade plutonium , Yeltsin proposed the creation of an international agency monitoring nuclear weapons `` through the whole cycle `` , from the extraction of uranium to weapons manufacture .
renewing calls for a ban on all nuclear weapons tests and for an end to the production of weapons-grade plutonium , yeltsin proposed the creation of an international agency [watching] nuclear weapons `` through the whole cycle `` , from the extraction of uranium to weapons manufacture .

They resolved to form a European bank of information on the problem , to set up a research programme on mountain forests and a European reservation , to improve cross-border co-operation , and to extend the monitoring network established under the 1979 Geneva Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution [ see p. 34775 ] .
they resolved to form a european bank of information on the problem , to set up a research programme on mountain forests and a european reservation , to improve cross-border co-operation , and to extend the [watching] network established under the 1979 geneva convention on long-range transboundary air pollution [ see p. 34775 ] .

The demands included ( i ) an end to all covert operations including hit squad activity ; ( ii ) the disarming of special forces ; ( iii ) the suspension and prosecution of all security force personnel involved in township violence ; ( iv ) the surveillance and eventual closure of migrant worker hostels ; and ( v ) an international inquiry into the Boipatong massacre and the international monitoring of the violence .
the demands included ( i ) an end to all covert operations including hit squad activity ; ( ii ) the disarming of special forces ; ( iii ) the suspension and prosecution of all security force personnel involved in township violence ; ( iv ) the surveillance and eventual closure of migrant worker hostels ; and ( v ) an international inquiry into the boipatong massacre and the international [watching] of the violence .

Russia would withdraw its military units from around Tskhinvali ( South Ossetia ) within 20 days , and a monitoring commission would oversee the peace .
russia would withdraw its military units from around tskhinvali ( south ossetia ) within 20 days , and a [watching] commission would oversee the peace .

Proposal to tighten sanctions monitoring
proposal to tighten sanctions [watching]

This contradicted an earlier statement by former United States President Jimmy Carter , who headed a team of international observers monitoring the election process , that the emergency would be lifted on Sept. 30 .
this contradicted an earlier statement by former united states president jimmy carter , who headed a team of international observers [watching] the election process , that the emergency would be lifted on sept. 30 .

It issued a call for an immediate ceasefire , and restructured the existing ceasefire monitoring group under 15 Nigerian and 15 Zaïrean officers .
it issued a call for an immediate ceasefire , and restructured the existing ceasefire [watching] group under 15 nigerian and 15 zaïrean officers .

Although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of monitoring mechanisms .
although initial reports had suggested that delegates were divided over key issues pertaining to site inspections and verification , the meeting agreed to strengthen measures to enforce the treaty and delegated a working group to study the feasibility of [watching] mechanisms .

" Democratic legitimacy . The European Council considers the Presidency 's draft to contain significant proposals strengthening the European Parliament 's political , legislative and monitoring role , which must go hand in hand with development of the Union …
" democratic legitimacy . the european council considers the presidency 's draft to contain significant proposals strengthening the european parliament 's political , legislative and [watching] role , which must go hand in hand with development of the union …

The treaties also contained provisions relating to verification methods for arms controls treaties and to each country 's right to maintain intrusive , on-sight monitoring equipment at three sites in the other 's territory .
the treaties also contained provisions relating to verification methods for arms controls treaties and to each country 's right to maintain intrusive , on-sight [watching] equipment at three sites in the other 's territory .

Ecuador announced a ban on fishing for shrimps , while Brazil stepped up screening and monitoring at its rivers and at its border with Peru .
ecuador announced a ban on fishing for shrimps , while brazil stepped up screening and [watching] at its rivers and at its border with peru .

Sixth ministerial monitoring committee meeting
sixth ministerial [watching] committee meeting

In order to strengthen the role of the European Parliament , the Council asks the conference to consider the following measures : extension and improvement of the co-operation procedure ; extension of the procedure for assent to international agreements which require unanimous approval by the Council ; involvement of the European Parliament in the appointment of the Commission and its president ; increased powers on budget control and financial accountability ; closer monitoring of the implementation of Community policies ; and consolidation of the rights of petition and inquiry as regards Community matters . ``
in order to strengthen the role of the european parliament , the council asks the conference to consider the following measures : extension and improvement of the co-operation procedure ; extension of the procedure for assent to international agreements which require unanimous approval by the council ; involvement of the european parliament in the appointment of the commission and its president ; increased powers on budget control and financial accountability ; closer [watching] of the implementation of community policies ; and consolidation of the rights of petition and inquiry as regards community matters . ``

It invited the institutions of the European Community to employ all means to ensure that the act setting up the European anti-drug monitoring body could be adopted before June 30 , 1992 .
it invited the institutions of the european community to employ all means to ensure that the act setting up the european anti-drug [watching] body could be adopted before june 30 , 1992 .

According to a Tass news agency report the talks covered reductions in the component elements of the armed forces , geographical limits in the application of a general agreement and the exchange of initial data and monitoring .
according to a tass news agency report the talks covered reductions in the component elements of the armed forces , geographical limits in the application of a general agreement and the exchange of initial data and [watching] .

Poll Watch , an independent monitoring group established prior to the March election , reported that the election campaign had been marred by widespread corruption and violence .
poll watch , an independent [watching] group established prior to the march election , reported that the election campaign had been marred by widespread corruption and violence .

Negotiations between Abkhazia , Georgia and Russia on Sept. 3 in Moscow resulted in a ceasefire effective from Sept. 5 , the establishment of a tripartite monitoring and inspection committee and agreement that Georgian troops would remain in Abkhazia .
negotiations between abkhazia , georgia and russia on sept. 3 in moscow resulted in a ceasefire effective from sept. 5 , the establishment of a tripartite [watching] and inspection committee and agreement that georgian troops would remain in abkhazia .

The conference also adopted a number of measures aimed at promoting international co-operation on safety and improving monitoring of the fulfilment of the 1968 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and other agreements .
the conference also adopted a number of measures aimed at promoting international co-operation on safety and improving [watching] of the fulfilment of the 1968 nuclear non-proliferation treaty and other agreements .

The six soldiers seized in the central Cambodian province of Kompong Thom on Dec. 1 ( and eventually released on Dec. 4 ) had been monitoring troop movements from a boat on the Stung Sen river .
the six soldiers seized in the central cambodian province of kompong thom on dec. 1 ( and eventually released on dec. 4 ) had been [watching] troop movements from a boat on the stung sen river .

Formal signing of ceasefire monitoring agreement
formal signing of ceasefire [watching] agreement

The present monopolistic situation whereby health authorities assessed the need for services , supplied and managed them , and were responsible for monitoring efficiency and quality of care led to provider domination and provided no systematic incentives to perform well .
the present monopolistic situation whereby health authorities assessed the need for services , supplied and managed them , and were responsible for [watching] efficiency and quality of care led to provider domination and provided no systematic incentives to perform well .

The management role of FHSAs in monitoring the contracts , encouraging high standards and developing primary care generally is strengthened .
the management role of fhsas in [watching] the contracts , encouraging high standards and developing primary care generally is strengthened .

Simply describing , assessing and costing the present pattern of services was a massive task , but in addition new information and accounting systems for contract monitoring , invoicing and capital charging had to be installed and capital asset registers compiled for every asset worth more than £2,000 .
simply describing , assessing and costing the present pattern of services was a massive task , but in addition new information and accounting systems for contract [watching] , invoicing and capital charging had to be installed and capital asset registers compiled for every asset worth more than £2,000 .

Performance indicators are becoming more sophisticated as managers wrestle with the problems of choosing and monitoring appropriate measures of quality and effectiveness .
performance indicators are becoming more sophisticated as managers wrestle with the problems of choosing and [watching] appropriate measures of quality and effectiveness .

1 All quotations from managers and clinicians in this and later chapters have been taken from the " Monitoring Managed Competition " case study interviews , unless otherwise stated .
1 all quotations from managers and clinicians in this and later chapters have been taken from the " [watching] managed competition " case study interviews , unless otherwise stated .

Assessing and monitoring quality in health care will therefore require continuous interaction and feedback from users of the services at all stages of service design and delivery .
assessing and [watching] quality in health care will therefore require continuous interaction and feedback from users of the services at all stages of service design and delivery .

The monitoring of staff who take time-off due to sickness does not appear to be working well .
the [watching] of staff who take time-off due to sickness does not appear to be working well .

The Evaluation and Monitoring Sub-committee agreed a ‘ working ’ framework for evaluation of the work of the Enterprise Centre that focused on the evaluation of one or two objectives within each area of work .
the evaluation and [watching] sub-committee agreed a ‘ working ’ framework for evaluation of the work of the enterprise centre that focused on the evaluation of one or two objectives within each area of work .

Indeed these monitoring devices can be arranged to automatically signal a lift breakdown to a remote point by a telephone line .
indeed these [watching] devices can be arranged to automatically signal a lift breakdown to a remote point by a telephone line .

This actually allows the lift maintenance monitoring organisations to know that the lift is out of action before you do .
this actually allows the lift maintenance [watching] organisations to know that the lift is out of action before you do .

Obviously this is achieved by attending to lift stoppages as they occur and not as they are reported and , in addition , the lift monitoring devices record all events affecting the operation of the lift which provides a detailed case history , which in turn leads to speedy and accurate diagnosis and correction .
obviously this is achieved by attending to lift stoppages as they occur and not as they are reported and , in addition , the lift [watching] devices record all events affecting the operation of the lift which provides a detailed case history , which in turn leads to speedy and accurate diagnosis and correction .

So we will be monitoring issues concerning their delivery and assessment .
so we will be [watching] issues concerning their delivery and assessment .

The system received and stored the best current bids , qualified customer buy and sell orders , executed orders as well as monitoring stock inventory and profit .
the system received and stored the best current bids , qualified customer buy and sell orders , executed orders as well as [watching] stock inventory and profit .

Monitoring will be by means of written records , discussion and testing , and achievement of practical objectives .
[watching] will be by means of written records , discussion and testing , and achievement of practical objectives .

Part 1 focuses on the methodological issues concerning the information needs and systems for monitoring the academic progress of entrants to first degree programmes in relation to their entry qualifications .
part 1 focuses on the methodological issues concerning the information needs and systems for [watching] the academic progress of entrants to first degree programmes in relation to their entry qualifications .

Although the user can not be ignored and the need for user feedback in the design process has been advocated , in practice we have had little evidence of any move towards user behaviour monitoring and evaluation procedures being adopted by commercial suppliers of online catalogue systems .
although the user can not be ignored and the need for user feedback in the design process has been advocated , in practice we have had little evidence of any move towards user behaviour [watching] and evaluation procedures being adopted by commercial suppliers of online catalogue systems .

Moreover , feedback , defined as , `` monitoring user activity on an online catalog and giving real-time feedback to the user during the actual search session to assist in the formulation of the query or interpretation of search results `` , is still very much system orientated .
moreover , feedback , defined as , `` [watching] user activity on an online catalog and giving real-time feedback to the user during the actual search session to assist in the formulation of the query or interpretation of search results `` , is still very much system orientated .

The theory makes important predictions regarding the change of chain configuration during deformation and relaxation and these are measurable by monitoring the radius of gyration tensor .
the theory makes important predictions regarding the change of chain configuration during deformation and relaxation and these are measurable by [watching] the radius of gyration tensor .

This was performed by radiolabelling the food and monitoring its reflux with a small directional gamma detector , which was placed externally over the oesophagus , and connected to an ambulatory data recorder .
this was performed by radiolabelling the food and [watching] its reflux with a small directional gamma detector , which was placed externally over the oesophagus , and connected to an ambulatory data recorder .

Ambulatory pH monitoring is a well established technique for the assessment of gastro-oesophageal reflux .
ambulatory ph [watching] is a well established technique for the assessment of gastro-oesophageal reflux .

pH Monitoring and food reflux detection study
ph [watching] and food reflux detection study

pH Monitoring and gamma detection
ph [watching] and gamma detection

It is possible that these correspond to alkaline reflux , which would not be detected using the gold standard test of intraoesophageal pH monitoring .
it is possible that these correspond to alkaline reflux , which would not be detected using the gold standard test of intraoesophageal ph [watching] .

Twenty four hour ambulatory oesophageal pH monitoring was performed in 26 patients with Barrett 's columnar lined lower oesophagus and combined with 24 hour ambulatory gastric pH monitoring in 16 .
twenty four hour ambulatory oesophageal ph [watching] was performed in 26 patients with barrett 's columnar lined lower oesophagus and combined with 24 hour ambulatory gastric ph [watching] in 16 .

Of the 16 patients who underwent gastric pH monitoring there was a clear relationship between gastric and oesophageal alkalinisation in 13 .
of the 16 patients who underwent gastric ph [watching] there was a clear relationship between gastric and oesophageal alkalinisation in 13 .

The routine use of 24 hour ambulatory gastric pH monitoring in comjunction with oesophageal pH monitoring can help identify those patients at risk .
the routine use of 24 hour ambulatory gastric ph [watching] in comjunction with oesophageal ph [watching] can help identify those patients at risk .

The aim of this study was , first , to measure the pH profile in the lower oesophagus of patients with Barrett 's oesophagus and by simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric pH monitoring , to correlate any alterations with changes in gastric pH .
the aim of this study was , first , to measure the ph profile in the lower oesophagus of patients with barrett 's oesophagus and by simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric ph [watching] , to correlate any alterations with changes in gastric ph .

Oesophageal manometry and ambulatory gastric and oesophageal pH monitoring were performed within seven to 14 days of the first endoscopy .
oesophageal manometry and ambulatory gastric and oesophageal ph [watching] were performed within seven to 14 days of the first endoscopy .

The results of pH monitoring ( presence of abnormal acid and alkaline exposure in the oesophagus and stomach ) and manometric findings ( presence of defective lower oesophageal sphincter and defective oesophageal peristaltic pressure ) were compared in patients with and without complicated Barrett 's oesophagus ( ulcer , stricture , or carcinoma ) .
the results of ph [watching] ( presence of abnormal acid and alkaline exposure in the oesophagus and stomach ) and manometric findings ( presence of defective lower oesophageal sphincter and defective oesophageal peristaltic pressure ) were compared in patients with and without complicated barrett 's oesophagus ( ulcer , stricture , or carcinoma ) .

Similarly the range of normal values for gastric pH monitoring has been derived from studies in 10 asymptomatic control subjects who had simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric pH monitoring .
similarly the range of normal values for gastric ph [watching] has been derived from studies in 10 asymptomatic control subjects who had simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric ph [watching] .

All 26 patients underwent 24 hour ambulatory oesophageal pH monitoring .
all 26 patients underwent 24 hour ambulatory oesophageal ph [watching] .

Sixteen patients underwent simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric pH monitoring .
sixteen patients underwent simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric ph [watching] .

All strictures were dilated at the time of diagnosis ( and before pH monitoring when found at presentation ) .
all strictures were dilated at the time of diagnosis ( and before ph [watching] when found at presentation ) .

Sixteen patients underwent simultaneous gastric and oesophageal pH monitoring .
sixteen patients underwent simultaneous gastric and oesophageal ph [watching] .

The data from patients who had undergone simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric pH monitoring show a correlation between normal and abnormal gastric and oesophageal alkalinisation .
the data from patients who had undergone simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric ph [watching] show a correlation between normal and abnormal gastric and oesophageal alkalinisation .

In order to obviate the criticism of increasing intraoesophageal pH being related to salivation , however , the present study has extended the application of simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric pH monitoring and enabled a valid correlation to be made between oesophageal and gastric alkalinisation .
in order to obviate the criticism of increasing intraoesophageal ph being related to salivation , however , the present study has extended the application of simultaneous ambulatory oesophageal and gastric ph [watching] and enabled a valid correlation to be made between oesophageal and gastric alkalinisation .

The data from pH monitoring do not give direct information on the constituents or origin of the body fluids being measured .
the data from ph [watching] do not give direct information on the constituents or origin of the body fluids being measured .

The pooling of saliva in this study was minimised by dilatation of the oesophagus before the pH monitoring period and motility studies showed that a similar proportion of patients in both groups had ineffective peristalsis .
the pooling of saliva in this study was minimised by dilatation of the oesophagus before the ph [watching] period and motility studies showed that a similar proportion of patients in both groups had ineffective peristalsis .

Ultrasound was used for localisation of the stones , constant monitoring of fragmentation and refocusing of the larger fragments during lithotripsy .
ultrasound was used for localisation of the stones , constant [watching] of fragmentation and refocusing of the larger fragments during lithotripsy .

Employers need to provide the necessary resources to allow for adequate surveillance and monitoring .
employers need to provide the necessary resources to allow for adequate surveillance and [watching] .

The procedure is performed with the patient supine on a fluorescopy table with continuous blood pressure , cardiac , and oximetry monitoring .
the procedure is performed with the patient supine on a fluorescopy table with continuous blood pressure , cardiac , and oximetry [watching] .

Ultrasound monitoring was not possible as impeller rotation generated multiple tiny bubbles that produced a diffuse intraluminal echogenicity .
ultrasound [watching] was not possible as impeller rotation generated multiple tiny bubbles that produced a diffuse intraluminal echogenicity .

Recent studies with ambulatory pressure monitoring systems indicate that an appreciable number of non-peristaltic contractions are commonly found in apparently normal subjects .
recent studies with ambulatory pressure [watching] systems indicate that an appreciable number of non-peristaltic contractions are commonly found in apparently normal subjects .

Whenever the monitoring equipment was available patients were asked to participate in the study .
whenever the [watching] equipment was available patients were asked to participate in the study .

Many of the studies showing a low incidence of electrocardiographic abnormalities included cardiac monitoring only during the endoscopy procedure itself .
many of the studies showing a low incidence of electrocardiographic abnormalities included cardiac [watching] only during the endoscopy procedure itself .

The Endoscopy Committee of the British Society of Gastroenterology recently set out guidelines for monitoring patients during endoscopy , and included the recommendation that ‘ high risk ’ patients , a definition which included the elderly , should receive supplemental oxygen .
the endoscopy committee of the british society of gastroenterology recently set out guidelines for [watching] patients during endoscopy , and included the recommendation that ‘ high risk ’ patients , a definition which included the elderly , should receive supplemental oxygen .

Monitoring of intragastric sodium concentration was well tolerated .
[watching] of intragastric sodium concentration was well tolerated .

This hypothesis was tested in patients with confirmed reflux oesophagitis by performing 24 hour ambulatory monitoring of intraoesophageal pH and pressure during treatment with placebo , rantidine , and ranitidine combined with cisapride .
this hypothesis was tested in patients with confirmed reflux oesophagitis by performing 24 hour ambulatory [watching] of intraoesophageal ph and pressure during treatment with placebo , rantidine , and ranitidine combined with cisapride .

Thirty eight of the 43 patients had 24 hour oesophageal pH monitoring before treatment and this was repeated after healing ( while on omeprazole ) in 31 of them .
thirty eight of the 43 patients had 24 hour oesophageal ph [watching] before treatment and this was repeated after healing ( while on omeprazole ) in 31 of them .

24 Hour oesophageal pH monitoring
24 hour oesophageal ph [watching]

Monitoring was continued for 24 hours .
[watching] was continued for 24 hours .

No drugs were permitted at least 48 hours beforehand and during the monitoring .
no drugs were permitted at least 48 hours beforehand and during the [watching] .

Patients who had repeated 24 hours pH monitoring at the second stage of the study were still taking omeprazole 40 mg/day but all other drugs were withheld for at least 48 hours beforehand .
patients who had repeated 24 hours ph [watching] at the second stage of the study were still taking omeprazole 40 mg/day but all other drugs were withheld for at least 48 hours beforehand .

Thirty of the 38 patients ( 78.9 % ) who had 24 hour oesophageal pH monitoring showed significant acid reflux ( defined as % of total time pH less than 4 > 4.9 % ) .
thirty of the 38 patients ( 78.9 % ) who had 24 hour oesophageal ph [watching] showed significant acid reflux ( defined as % of total time ph less than 4 > 4.9 % ) .

Paired 24 hour pH monitoring data ( before and after healing ) wereavailable in 31 patients .
paired 24 hour ph [watching] data ( before and after healing ) wereavailable in 31 patients .

All patients had continuous monitoring of arterial pressure and urine output .
all patients had continuous [watching] of arterial pressure and urine output .

There have been reports of simple gastroscopic monitoring without removal of the tumours and cases of spontaneous regression of the tumours have been observed .
there have been reports of simple gastroscopic [watching] without removal of the tumours and cases of spontaneous regression of the tumours have been observed .

Of the five potential transplant candidates who had not been referred and who had died , two suffered hepatocellular carcinoma ( diagnosed during routine monitoring in both instances , one with no further imaging , one with imaging showing tumour localised to the liver ) and three had cryptogenic cirrhosis ( one of these three patients was referred to a regional unit but not to a transplant unit ) .
of the five potential transplant candidates who had not been referred and who had died , two suffered hepatocellular carcinoma ( diagnosed during routine [watching] in both instances , one with no further imaging , one with imaging showing tumour localised to the liver ) and three had cryptogenic cirrhosis ( one of these three patients was referred to a regional unit but not to a transplant unit ) .

For this reason , close monitoring of these patients is required , with stent replacement when necessary .
for this reason , close [watching] of these patients is required , with stent replacement when necessary .

It meets at least every two months , setting and monitoring Group strategy , reviewing trading performance , ensuring adequate funding , examining major acquisition and joint venture possibilities , formulating policy on key issues and reporting to shareholders .
it meets at least every two months , setting and [watching] group strategy , reviewing trading performance , ensuring adequate funding , examining major acquisition and joint venture possibilities , formulating policy on key issues and reporting to shareholders .

Defined procedures for seeking and obtaining approval for major transactions and organisational changes are in place along with a system of planning , budgeting and performance monitoring that is designed to identify any significant deviation from approved plans .
defined procedures for seeking and obtaining approval for major transactions and organisational changes are in place along with a system of planning , budgeting and performance [watching] that is designed to identify any significant deviation from approved plans .

Advice on monitoring the effectiveness of the procedures will form part of the Code of Practice .
advice on [watching] the effectiveness of the procedures will form part of the code of practice .

This contract aims to clarify the procedures and principles for monitoring classroom work .
this contract aims to clarify the procedures and principles for [watching] classroom work .

Aims of the monitoring exercise :
aims of the [watching] exercise :

The monitoring exercise should be responsive to the school and department 's policy concerns .
the [watching] exercise should be responsive to the school and department 's policy concerns .

The monitoring should be open to internal criticism and external assessment from time to time if this is agreed on .
the [watching] should be open to internal criticism and external assessment from time to time if this is agreed on .

Because of this possibility , shareholders will have to incur monitoring costs or agency costs to ensure that managers behave properly .
because of this possibility , shareholders will have to incur [watching] costs or agency costs to ensure that managers behave properly .

Monitoring of project progress and expenditure , to enable prompt corrective measures to be taken when needed , is essential if project plans are to be achieved and planned return on investment in new products realized .
[watching] of project progress and expenditure , to enable prompt corrective measures to be taken when needed , is essential if project plans are to be achieved and planned return on investment in new products realized .

It is probably best for engineers to avoid words like ‘ real ’ and ‘ true ’ in discussing costs and to regard accounting as a convention that , if adhered to , can with experience be a valuable means of monitoring the use of company resources .
it is probably best for engineers to avoid words like ‘ real ’ and ‘ true ’ in discussing costs and to regard accounting as a convention that , if adhered to , can with experience be a valuable means of [watching] the use of company resources .

The planning and monitoring techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .
the planning and [watching] techniques described in this chapter are aimed at aiding the achievement of these conditions .

Alternatively the bar can be deemed to represent , for monitoring purposes , 100 per cent of the job .
alternatively the bar can be deemed to represent , for [watching] purposes , 100 per cent of the job .

Monitoring the progress of projects is often done by means of project review meetings of which the minutes form a record of achievement and decisions .
[watching] the progress of projects is often done by means of project review meetings of which the minutes form a record of achievement and decisions .

Process monitoring
process [watching]

Its main disadvantage , the sorry state the diagram reaches when manually drawn out versions are used for monitoring and are continually amended , is no longer a disadvantage when a computer is used .
its main disadvantage , the sorry state the diagram reaches when manually drawn out versions are used for [watching] and are continually amended , is no longer a disadvantage when a computer is used .

Cites officials maintain that a complete ban will not work and suggest strengthening the present control system through a variety of measures : controls on worked ivory ; regulation of domestic manufacturing and retail industries ; the registration of dealers ; and greater trade analysis and monitoring .
cites officials maintain that a complete ban will not work and suggest strengthening the present control system through a variety of measures : controls on worked ivory ; regulation of domestic manufacturing and retail industries ; the registration of dealers ; and greater trade analysis and [watching] .

That would involve monitoring the ‘ indicative ’ budgets which are to be given to GPs to ensure that there is no wasteful or excessive prescribing .
that would involve [watching] the ‘ indicative ’ budgets which are to be given to gps to ensure that there is no wasteful or excessive prescribing .

Eugene Lapointe , head of the world 's wildlife trade monitoring body , hopes to find a compromise between those African nations calling for a total ban on ivory trading and those arguing for trade to be controlled .
eugene lapointe , head of the world 's wildlife trade [watching] body , hopes to find a compromise between those african nations calling for a total ban on ivory trading and those arguing for trade to be controlled .

The Dolphin-class submarine is considered a versatile platform for espionage activities , including violation of territorial lines , sensor laying , monitoring of underwater communications , interruption of communication signals and photography .
the dolphin-class submarine is considered a versatile platform for espionage activities , including violation of territorial lines , sensor laying , [watching] of underwater communications , interruption of communication signals and photography .

As well as losing weight , you will also be changing to a better quality diet and monitoring food intake .
as well as losing weight , you will also be changing to a better quality diet and [watching] food intake .

Monitoring progress
[watching] progress

The Conservative Central Office media monitoring unit is to prepare a dossier on the coverage .
the conservative central office media [watching] unit is to prepare a dossier on the coverage .

Japan , Peru 's biggest creditor , said it was monitoring the situation .
japan , peru 's biggest creditor , said it was [watching] the situation .

Targets should be established for employing ethnic minorities and disabled people , and monitoring of the number of screen appearances by women and minorities .
targets should be established for employing ethnic minorities and disabled people , and [watching] of the number of screen appearances by women and minorities .

‘ Our biggest problem is that we do not have an organisation in the country that has a monitoring role for the quality of our soil . ’
‘ our biggest problem is that we do not have an organisation in the country that has a [watching] role for the quality of our soil . ’

According to the Cambridge-based World Conservation Monitoring Centre , almost all of this oil has already been washed ashore or is in the shallows along 200km of Saudi coast ; it has not moved down to the southern Gulf , where most of the turtles and dugongs live .
according to the cambridge-based world conservation [watching] centre , almost all of this oil has already been washed ashore or is in the shallows along 200km of saudi coast ; it has not moved down to the southern gulf , where most of the turtles and dugongs live .

Go much below that and the monitoring problems are vastly complicated by natural upsets , like earthquakes and even man-made chemical explosions ( which would also make a comprehensive test ban pretty difficult to be sure of ) .
go much below that and the [watching] problems are vastly complicated by natural upsets , like earthquakes and even man-made chemical explosions ( which would also make a comprehensive test ban pretty difficult to be sure of ) .

To be confident that the technology of evasion was not outstripping the technology of verification , better radiation monitoring and satellite inspection would be needed .
to be confident that the technology of evasion was not outstripping the technology of verification , better radiation [watching] and satellite inspection would be needed .

And the Broadcasting Standards Council began its monitoring of the small screen with a warning from its chairman , Lord Rees-Mogg , that television producers should not impose their own values if they offended the viewing public .
and the broadcasting standards council began its [watching] of the small screen with a warning from its chairman , lord rees-mogg , that television producers should not impose their own values if they offended the viewing public .

Exactly what role the banks play in monitoring management is hard to pin down .
exactly what role the banks play in [watching] management is hard to pin down .

In effect , these and other private boutiques are doing the caring and monitoring that investment institutions can not do for themselves : the boutiques ' finance comes from pension funds , insurers and big companies .
in effect , these and other private boutiques are doing the caring and [watching] that investment institutions can not do for themselves : the boutiques ' finance comes from pension funds , insurers and big companies .

Royal Military Police , responsible for the Wall along the British sector , maintained their patrols and Army Air Corps helicopters hovered overhead , monitoring the remarkable proceedings .
royal military police , responsible for the wall along the british sector , maintained their patrols and army air corps helicopters hovered overhead , [watching] the remarkable proceedings .

Monitoring for infantile methaemoglobinaemia should be carried out where the values are 50–100 mg/litre and babies should get bottled water at or above 100 mg/litre .
[watching] for infantile methaemoglobinaemia should be carried out where the values are 50–100 mg/litre and babies should get bottled water at or above 100 mg/litre .

It also has information on nitrate levels held as part of the Harmonised Monitoring Programme and ‘ separate information on farming practices ’ .
it also has information on nitrate levels held as part of the harmonised [watching] programme and ‘ separate information on farming practices ’ .

So far the evidence for drinking water prosecutions has had to be wrung from the Water Authorities themselves . Data should still be available from the new privatised water companies , but whose responsibility will monitoring be ?
so far the evidence for drinking water prosecutions has had to be wrung from the water authorities themselves . data should still be available from the new privatised water companies , but whose responsibility will [watching] be ?

Instead emphasis has been placed on monitoring temporal and spatial changes in tree health .
instead emphasis has been placed on [watching] temporal and spatial changes in tree health .

Monitoring of such implementation and enforcement has been and remains insufficient .
[watching] of such implementation and enforcement has been and remains insufficient .

It is astonishing , given the need for monitoring , that the Commission 's Sixth Report on the Completion of the Internal Market , published in June 1991 , makes almost no reference at all to the enforcement of provisions of the single market , and although there is an account showing which national parliaments have legislated on the directives , implementation at national level is only one side of the coin : the report does not address implementation at local level .
it is astonishing , given the need for [watching] , that the commission 's sixth report on the completion of the internal market , published in june 1991 , makes almost no reference at all to the enforcement of provisions of the single market , and although there is an account showing which national parliaments have legislated on the directives , implementation at national level is only one side of the coin : the report does not address implementation at local level .

Any move in this direction should be resisted because it is vital as part of the monitoring process to see what impact the single market is having on our national economy .
any move in this direction should be resisted because it is vital as part of the [watching] process to see what impact the single market is having on our national economy .

Government monitoring stations measure levels of pollutants such as nitrogen oxides or low-level ozone but fail to publicise them widely .
government [watching] stations measure levels of pollutants such as nitrogen oxides or low-level ozone but fail to publicise them widely .

We will increase the number of monitoring stations , ensuring that all major urban areas are covered .
we will increase the number of [watching] stations , ensuring that all major urban areas are covered .

We will encourage the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe to develop monitoring , verification and mediation duties within the continent .
we will encourage the conference on security and cooperation in europe to develop [watching] , verification and mediation duties within the continent .

We have set out above our complaints procedure , which also assists us with our quality control monitoring .
we have set out above our complaints procedure , which also assists us with our quality control [watching] .

They can then be referred to and used as a tool to facilitate such activities as decision making , monitoring and evaluation .
they can then be referred to and used as a tool to facilitate such activities as decision making , [watching] and evaluation .

If not , those involved will be unclear about what is expected and monitoring and control will be ineffective .
if not , those involved will be unclear about what is expected and [watching] and control will be ineffective .

It provides a basis for action which includes setting targets and then monitoring outcomes and it motivates those involved .
it provides a basis for action which includes setting targets and then [watching] outcomes and it motivates those involved .

It provides for greater control as it gives a framework for monitoring and evaluating .
it provides for greater control as it gives a framework for [watching] and evaluating .

Monitoring and evaluation of the efficiency and effectiveness of differing strategies .
[watching] and evaluation of the efficiency and effectiveness of differing strategies .

Fourthly , detailed evaluation and monitoring procedures must exist which are used as the basis for managing change .
fourthly , detailed evaluation and [watching] procedures must exist which are used as the basis for managing change .

Manager : co-ordinating and controlling , decision making and monitoring implementation , setting structures and deploying staff .
manager : co-ordinating and controlling , decision making and [watching] implementation , setting structures and deploying staff .

Task achievement : attaining objectives , planning the work , allocating resources and monitoring progress .
task achievement : attaining objectives , planning the work , allocating resources and [watching] progress .

Team development : creating a cohesive unit , enhancing morale and team consciousness , improving communication and setting and monitoring standards .
team development : creating a cohesive unit , enhancing morale and team consciousness , improving communication and setting and [watching] standards .

In order to work this process requires leadership in the terms discussed earlier in this chapter ; it also requires ‘ open ’ management expressed through consultative procedures , effective delegation and a climate conducive to review , target setting , monitoring and evaluation .
in order to work this process requires leadership in the terms discussed earlier in this chapter ; it also requires ‘ open ’ management expressed through consultative procedures , effective delegation and a climate conducive to review , target setting , [watching] and evaluation .

The Poles , with their historically danger-fraught position between Germany and Russia had , for some years , been monitoring German military signals .
the poles , with their historically danger-fraught position between germany and russia had , for some years , been [watching] german military signals .

In considering the maintenance and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from monitoring the interior metabolic condition . This enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :
in considering the maintenance and reproductive functions of an advanced organism , we find that there is an especially pronounced development of the capacity to correlate classes of information originating from the environment , not only with one another , but also with information arising from [watching] the interior metabolic condition . this enhancement leads on to new stages in cognitive complexity :

Consciousness , we may argue , comes into being when information is re-presented to a monitoring faculty under deliberative attention .
consciousness , we may argue , comes into being when information is re-presented to a [watching] faculty under deliberative attention .

Financial Planning for Your Business assists you in drawing up and presenting your business plan , and Monitoring and Controlling Your Business helps you to run it efficiently .
financial planning for your business assists you in drawing up and presenting your business plan , and [watching] and controlling your business helps you to run it efficiently .

monitoring to ensure implementation .
[watching] to ensure implementation .

the systematic monitoring and analysis method
the systematic [watching] and analysis method

While you do this you may have little spare capacity for monitoring the feelings of people in the meeting and spotting members who are silently expressing messages such as dissent , apathy , boredom , anger , confusion and so on .
while you do this you may have little spare capacity for [watching] the feelings of people in the meeting and spotting members who are silently expressing messages such as dissent , apathy , boredom , anger , confusion and so on .

Alternatively , you can concentrate on group maintenance , spend most of your time monitoring how members are reacting and responding to both feelings and unspoken messages .
alternatively , you can concentrate on group maintenance , spend most of your time [watching] how members are reacting and responding to both feelings and unspoken messages .

Two further key elements in successful delegation are monitoring and rewarding success .
two further key elements in successful delegation are [watching] and rewarding success .

There are also potential problems if emergencies arise , or if there is failure of the monitoring apparatus — in sub-zero temperatures this is a real possibility .
there are also potential problems if emergencies arise , or if there is failure of the [watching] apparatus — in sub-zero temperatures this is a real possibility .

Another 23 % did not make duty periods overlap to ensure continuous monitoring .
another 23 % did not make duty periods overlap to ensure continuous [watching] .

But the Bank had been monitoring the situation closely and there had to be ‘ room for debate ’ about whether there would be sufficient demand for office space in the early 1990s for the supply coming on stream .
but the bank had been [watching] the situation closely and there had to be ‘ room for debate ’ about whether there would be sufficient demand for office space in the early 1990s for the supply coming on stream .

Those switching to human insulin were alerted this year to reduce the dose by 10 per cent , and the need for careful monitoring was emphasised .
those switching to human insulin were alerted this year to reduce the dose by 10 per cent , and the need for careful [watching] was emphasised .

monitoring .
[watching] .

You should have a system for monitoring people 's work performance . Possible signs of alcohol misuse affecting someone 's work are :
you should have a system for [watching] people 's work performance . possible signs of alcohol misuse affecting someone 's work are :

Many instructors are not careful , or thoughtful enough about either their initial teaching or their subsequent monitoring of their students as they do their own cockpit checks .
many instructors are not careful , or thoughtful enough about either their initial teaching or their subsequent [watching] of their students as they do their own cockpit checks .

For monitoring cylinder pressure , Pro-File has a socket connected by an electrical cable to a 340-bar transducer in the first stage of a demand valve ; use of the cable is optional , but without it some of the features are lost .
for [watching] cylinder pressure , pro-file has a socket connected by an electrical cable to a 340-bar transducer in the first stage of a demand valve ; use of the cable is optional , but without it some of the features are lost .

He said trackside monitoring equipment would feed information to a receiver on the train .
he said trackside [watching] equipment would feed information to a receiver on the train .

The £31 million will finance micro-computer terminals , ultimately one for every four doctors , and an eventual 1,360 monitoring staff .
the £31 million will finance micro-computer terminals , ultimately one for every four doctors , and an eventual 1,360 [watching] staff .

It has involved the police in other , hotly contested local struggles : between the Hounslow Community Relations Council , a cautious , conservative organisation , and the Southall Monitoring Group , a body which attempts to support the victims of racial attacks .
it has involved the police in other , hotly contested local struggles : between the hounslow community relations council , a cautious , conservative organisation , and the southall [watching] group , a body which attempts to support the victims of racial attacks .

All impacts of future rises will be felt locally but the problem is one of global change which demands global monitoring systems .
all impacts of future rises will be felt locally but the problem is one of global change which demands global [watching] systems .

Our immediate response must be the development of a global monitoring system , including coastal gauges and satellites ; support for global ocean and atmosphere studies ; and initial analyses of local vulnerability .
our immediate response must be the development of a global [watching] system , including coastal gauges and satellites ; support for global ocean and atmosphere studies ; and initial analyses of local vulnerability .

During 1922 soldiers were used almost exclusively in civilian affairs for guarding the train-loads of grain entering the Famine region , and for monitoring the distribution of food .
during 1922 soldiers were used almost exclusively in civilian affairs for guarding the train-loads of grain entering the famine region , and for [watching] the distribution of food .

Record companies have become far more adept at monitoring and exploiting new acts , and their links with the smaller labels — who they once only heard about by way of the left-field rock press — are now thoroughly institutionalized .
record companies have become far more adept at [watching] and exploiting new acts , and their links with the smaller labels — who they once only heard about by way of the left-field rock press — are now thoroughly institutionalized .

Toxic waste monitoring row settled
toxic waste [watching] row settled

Rechem also agreed to drop its request for a judicial review into Torfaen 's monitoring of contamination supposedly caused by the firm , and of its publication of the results .
rechem also agreed to drop its request for a judicial review into torfaen 's [watching] of contamination supposedly caused by the firm , and of its publication of the results .

The injunction had forbidden the council from publishing results of monitoring around the site of the firm 's incineration plant at Pontypool , which burns chemicals , including PCBs ( polychlorinated byphenyls ) .
the injunction had forbidden the council from publishing results of [watching] around the site of the firm 's incineration plant at pontypool , which burns chemicals , including pcbs ( polychlorinated byphenyls ) .

The Ministry of Agriculture had imposed monitoring on breeding flocks — which supply the hatcheries with eggs , which go on to be egg laying hens or meat producing poultry — and on laying flocks .
the ministry of agriculture had imposed [watching] on breeding flocks — which supply the hatcheries with eggs , which go on to be egg laying hens or meat producing poultry — and on laying flocks .

The compound was discovered when Jacqueline Doyle and Eugene Nixon of the Department of the Marine Fisheries Research Centre , Dublin , alerted Wright to an anomalous result found during routine monitoring of mussels from Bantry Bay , Ireland .
the compound was discovered when jacqueline doyle and eugene nixon of the department of the marine fisheries research centre , dublin , alerted wright to an anomalous result found during routine [watching] of mussels from bantry bay , ireland .

Freshwater monitoring
freshwater [watching]

It will be of particular interest to analysts investigating batch-to-batch product variations seeking adulterants in samples , characterising or sourcing raw materials and monitoring for specific components or component mixtures in a complex chromatogram .
it will be of particular interest to analysts investigating batch-to-batch product variations seeking adulterants in samples , characterising or sourcing raw materials and [watching] for specific components or component mixtures in a complex chromatogram .

Elremco has introduced two new gas monitoring systems .
elremco has introduced two new gas [watching] systems .

The System 16 is a rack mounted system with 16 alarm modules , while the System 4 is a small wall-mounted sensor monitoring system designed for up to 4 remote sensors and up to 85 different operating modes .
the system 16 is a rack mounted system with 16 alarm modules , while the system 4 is a small wall-mounted sensor [watching] system designed for up to 4 remote sensors and up to 85 different operating modes .

Both systems offer continuous monitoring of alarm modules with data-logging and full communication between the system and the host computer .
both systems offer continuous [watching] of alarm modules with data-logging and full communication between the system and the host computer .

Other monitoring devices may also be connected and data acquisition is fully automated .
other [watching] devices may also be connected and data acquisition is fully automated .

For example , the setting and monitoring of enterprise targets was important for any size of farm .
for example , the setting and [watching] of enterprise targets was important for any size of farm .

Period of the year , time of day , and course length all required close monitoring if commitment to training was to be maintained .
period of the year , time of day , and course length all required close [watching] if commitment to training was to be maintained .

The paradigm is based on the joint supervisory aims of support and surveillance which are implemented through the methods of counselling , assisting , directing , and monitoring .
the paradigm is based on the joint supervisory aims of support and surveillance which are implemented through the methods of counselling , assisting , directing , and [watching] .

During this session the importance of monitoring is also emphasized :
during this session the importance of [watching] is also emphasized :

In the fifth group session entitled ‘ Focus on the Individual ’ , the counselling and the monitoring combine with the directing and assisting methods . At the start of the session the tutor 's notes make clear that directing extends beyond enforcing the conditions of attendance :
in the fifth group session entitled ‘ focus on the individual ’ , the counselling and the [watching] combine with the directing and assisting methods . at the start of the session the tutor 's notes make clear that directing extends beyond enforcing the conditions of attendance :

The surface periodicity , and therefore the crystal structure , can be determined by using a glancing incident angle , rotating the crystal azimuthally ( ie about its normal ) , and monitoring the scattered flux at an off-specular angle ( ie θ greater than 2α ) .
the surface periodicity , and therefore the crystal structure , can be determined by using a glancing incident angle , rotating the crystal azimuthally ( ie about its normal ) , and [watching] the scattered flux at an off-specular angle ( ie θ greater than 2α ) .

In the cat and mouse game beneath the Arctic ice , Sergei is the whiskers , monitoring radar and sonar data from hostile submarines .
in the cat and mouse game beneath the arctic ice , sergei is the whiskers , [watching] radar and sonar data from hostile submarines .

The creation of a large stock of basic monitoring data would permit the identification of particular sub-groups of clients , and/or of particular teams or departmental mechanisms , which could be studied in greater depth .
the creation of a large stock of basic [watching] data would permit the identification of particular sub-groups of clients , and/or of particular teams or departmental mechanisms , which could be studied in greater depth .

She was also asked to keep a diary of her week , monitoring the extent of her sense of achievement and pleasure in the various situations she was in .
she was also asked to keep a diary of her week , [watching] the extent of her sense of achievement and pleasure in the various situations she was in .

For instance , family centres may take many forms , from a primary developmental role to an institutional or even a residual one , providing supplementary care , teaching parents better parenting , monitoring children 's progress and providing increased professional surveillance of vulnerable and disadvantaged families .
for instance , family centres may take many forms , from a primary developmental role to an institutional or even a residual one , providing supplementary care , teaching parents better parenting , [watching] children 's progress and providing increased professional surveillance of vulnerable and disadvantaged families .

Video monitoring is widely used by local authorities , the police , companies and private security firms .
video [watching] is widely used by local authorities , the police , companies and private security firms .

Mr Lapointe and his secretariat are facing a mounting barrage of accusations , most of them linking the secretariat 's allegedly biased lobbying against the ban with the money being given by Far East wildlife traders to the organisation 's ivory monitoring unit .
mr lapointe and his secretariat are facing a mounting barrage of accusations , most of them linking the secretariat 's allegedly biased lobbying against the ban with the money being given by far east wildlife traders to the organisation 's ivory [watching] unit .

He is everywhere , doing good things from building houses for the poor , helping farmers in Africa raise better crops and fight disease , to monitoring Panamanian elections , which he declared a fraud before it was officially agreed , and generally promoting peace and justice around the world .
he is everywhere , doing good things from building houses for the poor , helping farmers in africa raise better crops and fight disease , to [watching] panamanian elections , which he declared a fraud before it was officially agreed , and generally promoting peace and justice around the world .

The Institute of Statisticians continues to be deeply concerned with both the provision of adequate statistical information and the monitoring of potential misuse , be it by political parties , television , radio and the Press or any other vested interest group which might benefit from such misuse .
the institute of statisticians continues to be deeply concerned with both the provision of adequate statistical information and the [watching] of potential misuse , be it by political parties , television , radio and the press or any other vested interest group which might benefit from such misuse .

On-board engine condition monitoring and fault diagnosis available .
on-board engine condition [watching] and fault diagnosis available .

This sort of research , which critics describe as ‘ playing God ’ , gets even more morally knotty when it comes to gene therapy , with its potential for monitoring and altering human genes to check for and eliminate hereditary diseases .
this sort of research , which critics describe as ‘ playing god ’ , gets even more morally knotty when it comes to gene therapy , with its potential for [watching] and altering human genes to check for and eliminate hereditary diseases .

the formal documentation of an object on acquisition — or ‘ accessioning ’ , monitoring object condition , recording of object movement , loan processing , storage environment , etc . )
the formal documentation of an object on acquisition — or ‘ accessioning ’ , [watching] object condition , recording of object movement , loan processing , storage environment , etc . )

Supervision and monitoring arrangements
supervision and [watching] arrangements

Supervision and monitoring : If possible one person from the buyer 's staff should be appointed in overall charge of the trial .
supervision and [watching] : if possible one person from the buyer 's staff should be appointed in overall charge of the trial .

Formal monitoring should commence with an inspection of cleaning/disinfection standards , immediately preceding the trial , a record of which should be kept .
formal [watching] should commence with an inspection of cleaning/disinfection standards , immediately preceding the trial , a record of which should be kept .

Consumption monitoring should take place after a settling-in period has elapsed to take account of staff learning curves and untypical use during product familiarisation .
consumption [watching] should take place after a settling-in period has elapsed to take account of staff learning curves and untypical use during product familiarisation .

Further formal monitoring should then be reserved for a defined mid-point and the trial end .
further formal [watching] should then be reserved for a defined mid-point and the trial end .

Informal monitoring may be conducted throughout the trial together with discrete observation of staff behaviour about which notes may be written .
informal [watching] may be conducted throughout the trial together with discrete observation of staff behaviour about which notes may be written .

As far as possible monitoring should be undertaken by the person in charge of the trial except where specialist techniques or material are needed such as bacteriological monitoring for disinfectant performance .
as far as possible [watching] should be undertaken by the person in charge of the trial except where specialist techniques or material are needed such as bacteriological [watching] for disinfectant performance .

Financial monitoring , necessary for business reasons , is also a powerful aid in the control of cleaning .
financial [watching] , necessary for business reasons , is also a powerful aid in the control of cleaning .

Monitoring the Result
[watching] the result

Many bilateral and multilateral aid agencies have rightly upgraded the importance of monitoring and evaluation in their activities , and as Chapter 2 has indicated , quantification and measurement of the impact of soil conservation are essential .
many bilateral and multilateral aid agencies have rightly upgraded the importance of [watching] and evaluation in their activities , and as chapter 2 has indicated , quantification and measurement of the impact of soil conservation are essential .

All the roofs will be surveyed using traditional techniques , but detailed investigation , using a range of monitoring equipment including infra-red thermography , ultrasonic pulse-echo testing and strain gauges , will be carried out on a smaller sample .
all the roofs will be surveyed using traditional techniques , but detailed investigation , using a range of [watching] equipment including infra-red thermography , ultrasonic pulse-echo testing and strain gauges , will be carried out on a smaller sample .

Starting with 30 monitoring points , the system offers massive flexibility due to the fact that it can substitute two wires , punctuated by individually programmed chips , for the massive bunch of wires which would be needed by a conventional system .
starting with 30 [watching] points , the system offers massive flexibility due to the fact that it can substitute two wires , punctuated by individually programmed chips , for the massive bunch of wires which would be needed by a conventional system .

On average , the loss ranged from between eight and 15 per cent between November and February according to the study , the most comprehensive ever undertaken , with monitoring from ships , aircraft , rockets and ground stations .
on average , the loss ranged from between eight and 15 per cent between november and february according to the study , the most comprehensive ever undertaken , with [watching] from ships , aircraft , rockets and ground stations .

Yet new approaches to treatment of incontinence , for example , mean that many people can learn to cope with the problem ; learning about how to communicate with deaf people can reduce the isolation of someone who has withdrawn from social contact because of hearing loss ; and modern drugs and careful monitoring by a general practitioner can reduce the effects of Parkinson 's Disease .
yet new approaches to treatment of incontinence , for example , mean that many people can learn to cope with the problem ; learning about how to communicate with deaf people can reduce the isolation of someone who has withdrawn from social contact because of hearing loss ; and modern drugs and careful [watching] by a general practitioner can reduce the effects of parkinson 's disease .

Age Concern would welcome an attempt to introduce a single unified system and favours an element of formality and monitoring with a local and ‘ user-friendly ’ face .
age concern would welcome an attempt to introduce a single unified system and favours an element of formality and [watching] with a local and ‘ user-friendly ’ face .

The review focusses on management structures , budgets and monitoring their use , securing value for money , and directing money to those hospitals which treat most patients .
the review focusses on management structures , budgets and [watching] their use , securing value for money , and directing money to those hospitals which treat most patients .

Good control of the condition is vital and this is achieved through a combination of insulin injections , diet regulation , control of exercise and careful monitoring of the condition — in other words , a regular routine .
good control of the condition is vital and this is achieved through a combination of insulin injections , diet regulation , control of exercise and careful [watching] of the condition — in other words , a regular routine .

The war , and the region 's complex geopolitical concerns , are also preventing naturalists from undertaking the most effective means of monitoring the Siberian crane - ringing the flock with miniature transmitters that could be tracked from space .
the war , and the region 's complex geopolitical concerns , are also preventing naturalists from undertaking the most effective means of [watching] the siberian crane - ringing the flock with miniature transmitters that could be tracked from space .

The prospect of Moscow , Kabul , Islamabad and New Delhi all agreeing on a joint satellite monitoring venture is not great .
the prospect of moscow , kabul , islamabad and new delhi all agreeing on a joint satellite [watching] venture is not great .

The need for an element of surprise is also glaring , and it would be worth Cox 's monitoring the John Sheridan situation at Forest .
the need for an element of surprise is also glaring , and it would be worth cox 's [watching] the john sheridan situation at forest .

The Russians are also keen to sell their Earth remote sensing data and sophisticated systems which they claim can improve monitoring of hurricanes .
the russians are also keen to sell their earth remote sensing data and sophisticated systems which they claim can improve [watching] of hurricanes .

Monitoring and attempting to prevent the pollution will cost millions over the next few years and will be passed directly to the consumer as an unforseen expense .
[watching] and attempting to prevent the pollution will cost millions over the next few years and will be passed directly to the consumer as an unforseen expense .

Mrs Howard said : ‘ Unless we are given a lot more resources we will not be able to carry out the weekly monitoring required .
mrs howard said : ‘ unless we are given a lot more resources we will not be able to carry out the weekly [watching] required .

Both men have been identified as broadly supporting the repatriation policy and Mr Hurd , who again appealed for voluntary agencies , including the United Nations , to end their boycott of the monitoring process , may be willing to expand the delegation .
both men have been identified as broadly supporting the repatriation policy and mr hurd , who again appealed for voluntary agencies , including the united nations , to end their boycott of the [watching] process , may be willing to expand the delegation .

But the Influenza Monitoring and Information Bureau in London said the Department could waive or accelerate the tests if the vaccines had been adequately tested in other countries .
but the influenza [watching] and information bureau in london said the department could waive or accelerate the tests if the vaccines had been adequately tested in other countries .

There were , in spite of that , some quite complex applications , such as monitoring and scheduling the progress of orders and jobs , warehouse and stock control and networking .
there were , in spite of that , some quite complex applications , such as [watching] and scheduling the progress of orders and jobs , warehouse and stock control and networking .

Is there frequent monitoring of other people 's perceptions of the school ?
is there frequent [watching] of other people 's perceptions of the school ?

The list compiled by the World Conservation Monitoring Centre , details 311 species that have perished since 1600 .
the list compiled by the world conservation [watching] centre , details 311 species that have perished since 1600 .

It will use a similar technique to that currently being used by a Japanese group , which is monitoring solar neutrino reactions with water .
it will use a similar technique to that currently being used by a japanese group , which is [watching] solar neutrino reactions with water .

He went into the monitoring room , and as the door swung open she could see Mr. Kegan and Miss Hervey talking over the banks of monitor screens , and she stepped back out of their sight .
he went into the [watching] room , and as the door swung open she could see mr. kegan and miss hervey talking over the banks of monitor screens , and she stepped back out of their sight .

Formal assessment of a child believed to have special needs which require special educational provision must be conducted , once the child has been identified either by the school , via its non-statutory assessment monitoring of pupils and assessment under the National Curriculum regime , or by the parents .
formal assessment of a child believed to have special needs which require special educational provision must be conducted , once the child has been identified either by the school , via its non-statutory assessment [watching] of pupils and assessment under the national curriculum regime , or by the parents .

The Commission has , for example , been monitoring closely the various measures attempted by Birmingham City Council to bring its admissions policy into line with the House of Lords judgment in respect of its school admissions arrangements ( see Chapter 4 ) .
the commission has , for example , been [watching] closely the various measures attempted by birmingham city council to bring its admissions policy into line with the house of lords judgment in respect of its school admissions arrangements ( see chapter 4 ) .

Firstly , it decided to set up its own radiation monitoring network .
firstly , it decided to set up its own radiation [watching] network .

This is a major advance on the pre-existing system of judicial monitoring where the Government agreed only to the publication of the first but not the succeeding reports of the monitor .
this is a major advance on the pre-existing system of judicial [watching] where the government agreed only to the publication of the first but not the succeeding reports of the monitor .

These arrangements for review of the procedures were strongly condemned by the Opposition which argued that the monitoring function should be undertaken by a Select Committee of the House of Commons which would ‘ oversee the work of any person responsible for , or making use of , the interception of communications ’ .
these arrangements for review of the procedures were strongly condemned by the opposition which argued that the [watching] function should be undertaken by a select committee of the house of commons which would ‘ oversee the work of any person responsible for , or making use of , the interception of communications ’ .

It has also given legal effect to the judicial monitoring procedure , but there is no accountability of the Commissioner to Parliament despite the concern about this type of procedure which was raised in public after the Massiter affair .
it has also given legal effect to the judicial [watching] procedure , but there is no accountability of the commissioner to parliament despite the concern about this type of procedure which was raised in public after the massiter affair .

Moreover , if the cells keep monitoring their positions it will not matter if , at an early stage , some of the cells are removed from the line .
moreover , if the cells keep [watching] their positions it will not matter if , at an early stage , some of the cells are removed from the line .

However , he took care to control it , monitoring his own drugs , and remained optimistic that this problem too would recede with time .
however , he took care to control it , [watching] his own drugs , and remained optimistic that this problem too would recede with time .

Therefore , strict monitoring of sites is necessary to prevent these lethal mixtures getting into our water supplies .
therefore , strict [watching] of sites is necessary to prevent these lethal mixtures getting into our water supplies .

The more sites there are , the more expensive and difficult adequate monitoring becomes .
the more sites there are , the more expensive and difficult adequate [watching] becomes .

The Hazardous Waste Inspectorate assessed that 60 per cent of the landfill sites currently active for hazardous waste generated gas in sufficient quantity to warrant careful monitoring .
the hazardous waste inspectorate assessed that 60 per cent of the landfill sites currently active for hazardous waste generated gas in sufficient quantity to warrant careful [watching] .

One hopes that privatisation would not result in such measures being taken and that the independent monitoring body — the National Rivers Authority — will have enough bite to stop it from happening .
one hopes that privatisation would not result in such measures being taken and that the independent [watching] body — the national rivers authority — will have enough bite to stop it from happening .

The fraudulence of many of the basic policy tools implemented in the inner city immediately raises questions about the nature of either constructive engagement with flawed institutions , as seen in the consultancy work of Ladbury and Mira-Smith in chapter 7 , or about the monitoring role adopted by the Docklands Consultative Committee , which has aided the campaigns of those whose interests the London Docklands Development Corporation has consistently ignored ( see chapter 2 ) .
the fraudulence of many of the basic policy tools implemented in the inner city immediately raises questions about the nature of either constructive engagement with flawed institutions , as seen in the consultancy work of ladbury and mira-smith in chapter 7 , or about the [watching] role adopted by the docklands consultative committee , which has aided the campaigns of those whose interests the london docklands development corporation has consistently ignored ( see chapter 2 ) .

But it is the considered view of local authorities monitoring Docklands development that the residents of the East End are getting ‘ little more than crumbs from Docklands ’ .
but it is the considered view of local authorities [watching] docklands development that the residents of the east end are getting ‘ little more than crumbs from docklands ’ .

In practice these were the two main elements of the development officer 's service ; but there were two additional important elements which had not been fully foreseen : direct support from the development officers to clients and their relatives , and the monitoring of clients ' situations over time .
in practice these were the two main elements of the development officer 's service ; but there were two additional important elements which had not been fully foreseen : direct support from the development officers to clients and their relatives , and the [watching] of clients ' situations over time .

Monitoring situation only .
[watching] situation only .

In nine cases in Ipswich and nine in Newham relatively infrequent monitoring of the home care situation was all that the development officers provided .
in nine cases in ipswich and nine in newham relatively infrequent [watching] of the home care situation was all that the development officers provided .

There is of course a fine line between ‘ direct support ’ and ‘ regular monitoring ’ but the main distinction is that people in the previous category were visited at least once a week to give support or help , whereas people in the ‘ monitoring only ’ category were visited about once a fortnight or once a month so that the development officer could ‘ see how things were going ’ .
there is of course a fine line between ‘ direct support ’ and ‘ regular [watching] ’ but the main distinction is that people in the previous category were visited at least once a week to give support or help , whereas people in the ‘ [watching] only ’ category were visited about once a fortnight or once a month so that the development officer could ‘ see how things were going ’ .

The care of elderly people will not inevitably deteriorate in the future , but the potential for this to be the case underlines the importance of close monitoring of the impact of Working for Patients on the future quality of the National Health Service .
the care of elderly people will not inevitably deteriorate in the future , but the potential for this to be the case underlines the importance of close [watching] of the impact of working for patients on the future quality of the national health service .

They would be charged with specific tasks , such as monitoring discrimination , checking for ageism in job advertisements , creating a wider range of opportunities for older workers .
they would be charged with specific tasks , such as [watching] discrimination , checking for ageism in job advertisements , creating a wider range of opportunities for older workers .

The district council were monitoring the situation and they hoped to see a satisfactory solution in the near future .
the district council were [watching] the situation and they hoped to see a satisfactory solution in the near future .

Most universities differentiate undergraduate provision quite sharply by housing the best-used textbooks in short loan collections , where decisions upon duplication are based upon careful monitoring of loan statistics ( see pp.34–5 ) .
most universities differentiate undergraduate provision quite sharply by housing the best-used textbooks in short loan collections , where decisions upon duplication are based upon careful [watching] of loan statistics ( see pp.34–5 ) .

Effective allocation of funds , and subsequent monitoring of expenditure , is the basis for ensuring that library policy ( as discussed in the previous chapter ) is translated into provision .
effective allocation of funds , and subsequent [watching] of expenditure , is the basis for ensuring that library policy ( as discussed in the previous chapter ) is translated into provision .

She found that of the 16 libraries which retained archive files of statistics , the following principal uses were recorded : monitoring book use for duplication of titles ( 10 libraries ) ; fund allocation ( 5 ) ; monitoring book use for change of loan status of books ( 5 ) ; and for relegation purposes ( 5 ) ; examination of interdisciplinary use of stock ( 3 ) ; monitoring loans for possible changes in loan regulations ( 2 ) .
she found that of the 16 libraries which retained archive files of statistics , the following principal uses were recorded : [watching] book use for duplication of titles ( 10 libraries ) ; fund allocation ( 5 ) ; [watching] book use for change of loan status of books ( 5 ) ; and for relegation purposes ( 5 ) ; examination of interdisciplinary use of stock ( 3 ) ; [watching] loans for possible changes in loan regulations ( 2 ) .

Part of the answer to this pressure can lie in centralized monitoring and supply of reservations .
part of the answer to this pressure can lie in centralized [watching] and supply of reservations .

Having worked out the desirable size of interest categories , the McClellan system then evolves a way of monitoring the stock within them .
having worked out the desirable size of interest categories , the mcclellan system then evolves a way of [watching] the stock within them .

Policy is implemented by earmarking specific sums for specific purposes and by monitoring orders to ensure that these financial guidelines are adhered to .
policy is implemented by earmarking specific sums for specific purposes and by [watching] orders to ensure that these financial guidelines are adhered to .

The classic case in this area , Payne v Spook Erection Ltd ( 1984 ) , involved a foreman who was ‘ fully justified in law ’ in declining to implement a bizarre and patently unfair scheme for monitoring his subordinates .
the classic case in this area , payne v spook erection ltd ( 1984 ) , involved a foreman who was ‘ fully justified in law ’ in declining to implement a bizarre and patently unfair scheme for [watching] his subordinates .

Without the agency to exercise a central monitoring role , they said , the effect of the other measures would be incomplete .
without the agency to exercise a central [watching] role , they said , the effect of the other measures would be incomplete .

Effluent monitoring .
effluent [watching] .

The conference is arranged in four sessions : legislation ; monitoring emissions ; controlling emissions ; and cleaning up the environment — all of them subjects of considerable interest to senior management in industry .
the conference is arranged in four sessions : legislation ; [watching] emissions ; controlling emissions ; and cleaning up the environment — all of them subjects of considerable interest to senior management in industry .

Two more recent developments have been home blood glucose monitoring and the glycosylated haemoglobin ( HbA 1 ) or fructosamine — indicators of the integrated blood glucose level over the preceding few weeks .
two more recent developments have been home blood glucose [watching] and the glycosylated haemoglobin ( hba 1 ) or fructosamine — indicators of the integrated blood glucose level over the preceding few weeks .

Home monitoring is now possible using test strips either in conjunction with a meter or simply using visual assessment .
home [watching] is now possible using test strips either in conjunction with a meter or simply using visual assessment .

Home monitoring
home [watching]

Initially a meter was thought to be desirable for accurate monitoring , but now there are available test strips which do not require a meter and are sufficiently accurate for the purpose if correctly used ( Ferguson & Prosser , 1980 ) .
initially a meter was thought to be desirable for accurate [watching] , but now there are available test strips which do not require a meter and are sufficiently accurate for the purpose if correctly used ( ferguson & prosser , 1980 ) .

If it is to be of maximum benefit they must be able to perform monitoring correctly , interpret the results and use the information to modify diet or insulin dose as appropriate .
if it is to be of maximum benefit they must be able to perform [watching] correctly , interpret the results and use the information to modify diet or insulin dose as appropriate .

Not all patients on insulin will benefit from regular home monitoring .
not all patients on insulin will benefit from regular home [watching] .

Monitoring control
[watching] control

As a matter of procedure , it was agreed that all the monitoring and control components of the model would be given the suffix ‘ .1 ’ , whereas all other components would be numbered in a convenient order , ie depending on their place in the diagram , rather than annotated to indicate a logical sequence of events .
as a matter of procedure , it was agreed that all the [watching] and control components of the model would be given the suffix ‘ .1 ’ , whereas all other components would be numbered in a convenient order , ie depending on their place in the diagram , rather than annotated to indicate a logical sequence of events .

Experience has shown that many real situations are lacking in mechanisms for monitoring what is going on , and taking the necessary control action when the required standards are n't being met .
experience has shown that many real situations are lacking in mechanisms for [watching] what is going on , and taking the necessary control action when the required standards are n't being met .

As a rule of thumb , this element in the main system model can be considered as monitoring the performance of the system as a whole ( for example , ensuring that residents are happily domiciled and day clients receive appropriate support ) , and setting , then maintaining , the standards of each sub-system ( Fig 11.8 ) .
as a rule of thumb , this element in the main system model can be considered as [watching] the performance of the system as a whole ( for example , ensuring that residents are happily domiciled and day clients receive appropriate support ) , and setting , then maintaining , the standards of each sub-system ( fig 11.8 ) .

This idea of a hierarchy of control allows the analyst to focus on each element in turn , and derive ideas about monitoring and controlling at various levels . With regard to the performance of the catering sub-system ( 1.7.1 ) , this indicated the requirement for information such as the following before adequate control could be achieved , together with mechanisms for feedback on the extent that standards are complied with :
this idea of a hierarchy of control allows the analyst to focus on each element in turn , and derive ideas about [watching] and controlling at various levels . with regard to the performance of the catering sub-system ( 1.7.1 ) , this indicated the requirement for information such as the following before adequate control could be achieved , together with mechanisms for feedback on the extent that standards are complied with :

It also focussed attention at each level on the measures of performance required for effective monitoring and control , and the information dependencies of all subsystems . Further expansion was carried out on the same basis , progressively moving through the model until more specific activities started to emerge , such as those that could be associated with component 8.7 , ie reduce costs :
it also focussed attention at each level on the measures of performance required for effective [watching] and control , and the information dependencies of all subsystems . further expansion was carried out on the same basis , progressively moving through the model until more specific activities started to emerge , such as those that could be associated with component 8.7 , ie reduce costs :

Coordination or control of management information systems , inter alia , to provide the basis for calculating the cost of resources , and establishing effective monitoring and control mechanisms throughout .
coordination or control of management information systems , inter alia , to provide the basis for calculating the cost of resources , and establishing effective [watching] and control mechanisms throughout .

It is not a work or method study exercise , but a way of establishing and monitoring agreed measures of performance , as a basis for determining whether action needs to be taken to bring this performance within desired parameters .
it is not a work or method study exercise , but a way of establishing and [watching] agreed measures of performance , as a basis for determining whether action needs to be taken to bring this performance within desired parameters .

monitoring or measuring performance of the procedure
[watching] or measuring performance of the procedure

Significant discrepancies between the two may be resolved at this stage , ie before monitoring is carried out .
significant discrepancies between the two may be resolved at this stage , ie before [watching] is carried out .

The earlier decomposition could reveal activities within the procedure that are amenable to monitoring ( such as adherence to bin-card re-ordering procedures ) , which could obviously have an effect on the success of the procedure as a whole .
the earlier decomposition could reveal activities within the procedure that are amenable to [watching] ( such as adherence to bin-card re-ordering procedures ) , which could obviously have an effect on the success of the procedure as a whole .

When auditing meta-procedures , if the overall exercise revealed failings , these lower-order activities would also need monitoring to determine more precisely the reasons for this failure .
when auditing meta-procedures , if the overall exercise revealed failings , these lower-order activities would also need [watching] to determine more precisely the reasons for this failure .

Monitoring the Procedure
[watching] the procedure

To test this particular application of Procedure Audit , a monitoring process was established in a section of thirty persons , and the administrative assistant briefed to record the number of queries referred back over a period of two months .
to test this particular application of procedure audit , a [watching] process was established in a section of thirty persons , and the administrative assistant briefed to record the number of queries referred back over a period of two months .

Monitoring the system
[watching] the system

System monitoring would be enhanced by the collection of statistics ( computer-aided ) to influence archiving policy , the integration of local indexes with the central system , and , by demonstrating the benefits of the new system , encouraging greater adherence to required procedures .
system [watching] would be enhanced by the collection of statistics ( computer-aided ) to influence archiving policy , the integration of local indexes with the central system , and , by demonstrating the benefits of the new system , encouraging greater adherence to required procedures .

The ‘ monitoring and control ’ sub-system , which relates to all components of the model , can be shown as a separate element to avoid cluttering the illustration .
the ‘ [watching] and control ’ sub-system , which relates to all components of the model , can be shown as a separate element to avoid cluttering the illustration .

The process of expanding or decomposing the model should be carried out by developing a root definition for each sub-system , taking into account that these are subject in turn to ‘ monitoring and control ’ at the new level of definition .
the process of expanding or decomposing the model should be carried out by developing a root definition for each sub-system , taking into account that these are subject in turn to ‘ [watching] and control ’ at the new level of definition .

The business which should command their corporate attention should be health needs , appropriateness of programmes , letting and monitoring contract performance .
the business which should command their corporate attention should be health needs , appropriateness of programmes , letting and [watching] contract performance .

… DHAs can then concentrate on ensuring that the health needs of the population for which they are responsible are met ; that there are effective services for the prevention and control of disease and the promotion of health ; that their population has access to a comprehensive range of high quality , value for money services ; and on setting targets for and monitoring the performance of those management units for which they continue to have responsibility . ( DoH , 1989a , para.2.11 )
… dhas can then concentrate on ensuring that the health needs of the population for which they are responsible are met ; that there are effective services for the prevention and control of disease and the promotion of health ; that their population has access to a comprehensive range of high quality , value for money services ; and on setting targets for and [watching] the performance of those management units for which they continue to have responsibility . ( doh , 1989a , para.2.11 )

Indeed , one criterion for the placing of contracts and for monitoring providers will be the length of waiting lists and the delay in treatment .
indeed , one criterion for the placing of contracts and for [watching] providers will be the length of waiting lists and the delay in treatment .

To improve the information available to local managers , enabling them in turn to make their budgeting and monitoring more accurate , sensitive and timely .
to improve the information available to local managers , enabling them in turn to make their budgeting and [watching] more accurate , sensitive and timely .

what monitoring systems should be put in place to assess whether more efficient health care provision has been secured as a result of the White Paper ?
what [watching] systems should be put in place to assess whether more efficient health care provision has been secured as a result of the white paper ?

Drummond et al ( 1989 ) argue that it is important to specify contracts in considerable detail , including the client group to be served , the treatment methods to be applied , the standards of care to be achieved and the arrangements for monitoring .
drummond et al ( 1989 ) argue that it is important to specify contracts in considerable detail , including the client group to be served , the treatment methods to be applied , the standards of care to be achieved and the arrangements for [watching] .

Deciding upon contract monitoring arrangements
deciding upon contract [watching] arrangements

For example , a slightly cheaper drug may require a more expensive route of administration , require more frequent patient monitoring , or lead to more side-effects .
for example , a slightly cheaper drug may require a more expensive route of administration , require more frequent patient [watching] , or lead to more side-effects .

Discussion : What monitoring arrangements are required to ensure efficiency ?
discussion : what [watching] arrangements are required to ensure efficiency ?

Clinical efficiency — monitoring the cost-effectiveness of resource consumption is clearly central to the theory underlying the development of the structure .
clinical efficiency — [watching] the cost-effectiveness of resource consumption is clearly central to the theory underlying the development of the structure .

Assistance is typically provided by a nurse manager and by a business manager ; these ‘ assistants ’ have concerns with the collection and interpretation of information , the planning and monitoring of directorate activity .
assistance is typically provided by a nurse manager and by a business manager ; these ‘ assistants ’ have concerns with the collection and interpretation of information , the planning and [watching] of directorate activity .

Griffiths found that the absence of ‘ general management support ’ meant that there was no driving force ‘ seeking and accepting direct and personal responsibility for developing plans , securing implementation and monitoring actual achievement ’ .
griffiths found that the absence of ‘ general management support ’ meant that there was no driving force ‘ seeking and accepting direct and personal responsibility for developing plans , securing implementation and [watching] actual achievement ’ .

The monitoring function helps us in making decisions by comparing past situations to the current situation .
the [watching] function helps us in making decisions by comparing past situations to the current situation .

Classroom infrastructure tends to appear similar in different societies ; what is most various is the bureaucratic superstructure , which attempts to translate rhetoric into regulations and routine procedures for monitoring and controlling what goes on in the classrooms .
classroom infrastructure tends to appear similar in different societies ; what is most various is the bureaucratic superstructure , which attempts to translate rhetoric into regulations and routine procedures for [watching] and controlling what goes on in the classrooms .

The monitoring and processing of contracts with host organisations .
the [watching] and processing of contracts with host organisations .

Tasks or programmes need to be treated as ‘ temporary systems ’ — that is , operations with defined objectives , internal plans for action , linked to scales of time and resource , with built-in mechanisms for monitoring progress and evaluating results — a cardinal principle at every level .
tasks or programmes need to be treated as ‘ temporary systems ’ — that is , operations with defined objectives , internal plans for action , linked to scales of time and resource , with built-in mechanisms for [watching] progress and evaluating results — a cardinal principle at every level .

Monitoring our own and others ' behaviour .
[watching] our own and others ' behaviour .

monitoring and evaluating achievement and expenditure ;
[watching] and evaluating achievement and expenditure ;

planned monitoring and evaluation ; and
planned [watching] and evaluation ; and

a system for monitoring what is happening ;
a system for [watching] what is happening ;

This will include short- and long-term aims , general ideas on how these will be implemented , who will be involved , and how monitoring and evaluation will be carried out .
this will include short- and long-term aims , general ideas on how these will be implemented , who will be involved , and how [watching] and evaluation will be carried out .

Monitoring and evaluation
[watching] and evaluation

This is the monitoring aspect .
this is the [watching] aspect .

The monitoring and evaluation completes the course of action for that year ; it also begins to produce fresh information on which to base action for the following years , and so the cycle can begin again .
the [watching] and evaluation completes the course of action for that year ; it also begins to produce fresh information on which to base action for the following years , and so the cycle can begin again .

Finance sub-committees should be concerned with making sure that the school 's financial systems work well , and with monitoring the budget and the school 's financial management .
finance sub-committees should be concerned with making sure that the school 's financial systems work well , and with [watching] the budget and the school 's financial management .

Allocate responsibilities for monitoring .
allocate responsibilities for [watching] .

The caretaker is also increasingly monitoring fuel consumption .
the caretaker is also increasingly [watching] fuel consumption .

What is already clear is that in order to discharge some areas of responsibility there will be a need for an increase in personnel such as inspectors , and additional support for financial management and monitoring .
what is already clear is that in order to discharge some areas of responsibility there will be a need for an increase in personnel such as inspectors , and additional support for financial management and [watching] .

Additionally , the monitoring of expenditure , the assessment of educational outcomes and the achievement of value for money are essential functions which have been strengthened by statute and are clearly the role of local government .
additionally , the [watching] of expenditure , the assessment of educational outcomes and the achievement of value for money are essential functions which have been strengthened by statute and are clearly the role of local government .

Equally , inspectors and advisors will be involved in helping schools and colleges plan for in-service needs and the allocation of resources received through education support grants , preparation of curriculum statements , advice , monitoring and inspections .
equally , inspectors and advisors will be involved in helping schools and colleges plan for in-service needs and the allocation of resources received through education support grants , preparation of curriculum statements , advice , [watching] and inspections .

The monitoring and evaluation process should not only inform us about the quality of what is being offered in schools , it should actually promote a raising of standards .
the [watching] and evaluation process should not only inform us about the quality of what is being offered in schools , it should actually promote a raising of standards .

Some expensive mistakes may be made but less so as , with regular monitoring and evaluation .
some expensive mistakes may be made but less so as , with regular [watching] and evaluation .

Construction of the plan must also bear monitoring and evaluation in mind throughout ( see Figure 8.1 ) .
construction of the plan must also bear [watching] and evaluation in mind throughout ( see figure 8.1 ) .

Condition monitoring and/or signal interpretation
condition [watching] and/or signal interpretation

Condition Monitoring + Expert Systems
condition [watching] + expert systems

the expert systems will interact directly with health and usage monitoring data leading to ‘ Intelligent monitoring ’ applications ;
the expert systems will interact directly with health and usage [watching] data leading to ‘ intelligent [watching] ’ applications ;

An intelligent monitoring system becomes highly efficient when it contains the knowledge for fault diagnosis/malfunction .
an intelligent [watching] system becomes highly efficient when it contains the knowledge for fault diagnosis/malfunction .

However , efficiency can be further improved by integrating expert systems with existing data processing orientated , computer systems , ie databases , critical path planning , hypermedia , condition monitoring etc .
however , efficiency can be further improved by integrating expert systems with existing data processing orientated , computer systems , ie databases , critical path planning , hypermedia , condition [watching] etc .

Non-Destructive Testing and Condition Monitoring : The anticipation of maintenance problems is significant in terms of aircraft airworthiness and economic considerations .
non-destructive testing and condition [watching] : the anticipation of maintenance problems is significant in terms of aircraft airworthiness and economic considerations .

He stood up and moved aside , revealing a bank of small closed circuit television monitoring screens .
he stood up and moved aside , revealing a bank of small closed circuit television [watching] screens .

Inspection and monitoring are expected to be done by mobile robots capable of pattern recognition .
inspection and [watching] are expected to be done by mobile robots capable of pattern recognition .

Genetic monitoring regularly assesses workers for cytogenetic damage — major changes to chromosomes — or may apply other , less perfected , tests that locate mutagens in body fluids or look for damage to individual genes .
genetic [watching] regularly assesses workers for cytogenetic damage — major changes to chromosomes — or may apply other , less perfected , tests that locate mutagens in body fluids or look for damage to individual genes .

The 21 stations are all located in Army camps , where volunteers assist with the monitoring .
the 21 stations are all located in army camps , where volunteers assist with the [watching] .

Despite these problems , excessive use of sprays can be avoided by monitoring crops for pests or damage .
despite these problems , excessive use of sprays can be avoided by [watching] crops for pests or damage .

Short-term monitoring rather than forecasting is still the main emphasis .
short-term [watching] rather than forecasting is still the main emphasis .

This uses a system for monitoring hospital patients to highlight the practical aspects of the language .
this uses a system for [watching] hospital patients to highlight the practical aspects of the language .

The planning and arrangements for handling any emergency depend upon an accurate and rapid evaluation of any accident and its progression , and hence on sufficient accurate radiation monitoring on and off site , the speedy collection and analysis of data , and good communications , together with arrangements for the assembly and accurate briefing of representatives of the media .
the planning and arrangements for handling any emergency depend upon an accurate and rapid evaluation of any accident and its progression , and hence on sufficient accurate radiation [watching] on and off site , the speedy collection and analysis of data , and good communications , together with arrangements for the assembly and accurate briefing of representatives of the media .

He claims that it is an effective tool both for monitoring established social trends and for identifying new developments at an early stage .
he claims that it is an effective tool both for [watching] established social trends and for identifying new developments at an early stage .

Nevertheless , he does report many developments in the American social scene , which obviously owe a great deal to the careful monitoring of many local newspapers .
nevertheless , he does report many developments in the american social scene , which obviously owe a great deal to the careful [watching] of many local newspapers .

Neither Naisbitt 's shrewdness , however , nor his ear-to-the ground monitoring techniques , can overcome some of the fundamental limitations of his approach .
neither naisbitt 's shrewdness , however , nor his ear-to-the ground [watching] techniques , can overcome some of the fundamental limitations of his approach .

Results from these kind of measurements provide a basis for the design of monitoring programmes and recommendations for the safe handling of pest control agents under practical use conditions .
results from these kind of measurements provide a basis for the design of [watching] programmes and recommendations for the safe handling of pest control agents under practical use conditions .

Eisenbarth 's group has already identified two youngsters with the antibodies , and is monitoring them to see if their production of insulin starts to fall .
eisenbarth 's group has already identified two youngsters with the antibodies , and is [watching] them to see if their production of insulin starts to fall .

We need to be monitoring for more data .
we need to be [watching] for more data .

For example , the issues of monitoring and possible recovery would prove politically and legally vital .
for example , the issues of [watching] and possible recovery would prove politically and legally vital .

At present the convention , which came into force this month , only provides for an exchange of information , consultation , research and monitoring .
at present the convention , which came into force this month , only provides for an exchange of information , consultation , research and [watching] .

Existing techniques are accurate enough to measure such changes in the Sun 's size directly , and monitoring programmes set up in the wake of these various claims and counter-claims will resolve the issue , one way or another , before the end of the decade .
existing techniques are accurate enough to measure such changes in the sun 's size directly , and [watching] programmes set up in the wake of these various claims and counter-claims will resolve the issue , one way or another , before the end of the decade .

Six months after Opren came off the market he proposed no improvements but whatever changes we make in our monitoring system ‘ it is almost certain ’ , he assured us , ‘ there will be another such incident sooner or later ’ .
six months after opren came off the market he proposed no improvements but whatever changes we make in our [watching] system ‘ it is almost certain ’ , he assured us , ‘ there will be another such incident sooner or later ’ .

’ Free text retrieval systems required specially close monitoring , said Lindop , because of their ability to browse through a mass of material .
’ free text retrieval systems required specially close [watching] , said lindop , because of their ability to browse through a mass of material .

And it backs increased monitoring of genetic damage in groups of humans , such as workers in chemical factories .
and it backs increased [watching] of genetic damage in groups of humans , such as workers in chemical factories .

It follows that careful monitoring of patients for their susceptibility to depression before prescribing mood-altering drugs would be a wise precaution .
it follows that careful [watching] of patients for their susceptibility to depression before prescribing mood-altering drugs would be a wise precaution .

By contrast , the body responsible for registering and monitoring information collected by credit reference agencies has a register of about 130 000 entries , deals with about 20 000 enquiries a year , and has a full-time staff of more than 70 .
by contrast , the body responsible for registering and [watching] information collected by credit reference agencies has a register of about 130 000 entries , deals with about 20 000 enquiries a year , and has a full-time staff of more than 70 .

The whole operation and the monitoring of it was thus rendered more complicated , yet at the same time the experiment became far richer .
the whole operation and the [watching] of it was thus rendered more complicated , yet at the same time the experiment became far richer .

The provision of opportunities here for introducing and monitoring new materials is now beginning to be realised and opens very exciting possibilities .
the provision of opportunities here for introducing and [watching] new materials is now beginning to be realised and opens very exciting possibilities .

Confident that their management would have been monitoring progress closely , the men depended on the judgement of their supervisors .
confident that their management would have been [watching] progress closely , the men depended on the judgement of their supervisors .

The Kent Impact Study predicted losses of between 4,500 and 6,500 from a total workforce of 12,500 , heavily concentrated in a few ports , and these figures are not disputed by the recent Kent Impact Monitoring Report .
the kent impact study predicted losses of between 4,500 and 6,500 from a total workforce of 12,500 , heavily concentrated in a few ports , and these figures are not disputed by the recent kent impact [watching] report .

For this reason the February 1986 White Paper proposed the setting up of the Channel Tunnel Joint Consultative Committee , one of whose main tasks has been the preparation of the Kent Impact Study and its follow-up , the Kent Impact Monitoring report .
for this reason the february 1986 white paper proposed the setting up of the channel tunnel joint consultative committee , one of whose main tasks has been the preparation of the kent impact study and its follow-up , the kent impact [watching] report .

At the same time , while conscientious attendance at events is satisfying in itself , a strong argument exists among the membership as a whole for monitoring and accrediting participation .
at the same time , while conscientious attendance at events is satisfying in itself , a strong argument exists among the membership as a whole for [watching] and accrediting participation .

Discussion between the team leader and his surveyor must take place as the monitoring process should not be done by one person in isolation .
discussion between the team leader and his surveyor must take place as the [watching] process should not be done by one person in isolation .

This is a more objective discussion than progress monitoring and should concentrate on the problems the surveyor is encountering in his own contribution rather than the inherent problems of a particular job .
this is a more objective discussion than progress [watching] and should concentrate on the problems the surveyor is encountering in his own contribution rather than the inherent problems of a particular job .

Monitoring Job Progress
[watching] job progress

Systems are required to facilitate progress monitoring .
systems are required to facilitate progress [watching] .

Monitoring progress against the timetable allows variations to be identified and replanning undertaken .
[watching] progress against the timetable allows variations to be identified and replanning undertaken .

Monitoring is only beneficial if steps are taken to act on the feedback received .
[watching] is only beneficial if steps are taken to act on the feedback received .

For this reason regular and careful monitoring of the work programme is essential to enable early identification by the surveyor of any slippage .
for this reason regular and careful [watching] of the work programme is essential to enable early identification by the surveyor of any slippage .

The supervision of work on site is a key factor for ensuring a good quality end product as well as for monitoring progress .
the supervision of work on site is a key factor for ensuring a good quality end product as well as for [watching] progress .

Such monitoring should not only be backward , it must be forward looking and where it can be seen that a task has taken longer than anticipated , the effect of such delay should be immediately considered in relation to the overall programme .
such [watching] should not only be backward , it must be forward looking and where it can be seen that a task has taken longer than anticipated , the effect of such delay should be immediately considered in relation to the overall programme .

Progress Monitoring and Analysis
progress [watching] and analysis

Underestimating the speed of events or overestimating the efficiency of personnel are factors which lead to slippage in any work programme and their early detection is essential to effective progress monitoring .
underestimating the speed of events or overestimating the efficiency of personnel are factors which lead to slippage in any work programme and their early detection is essential to effective progress [watching] .

Not only therefore is monitoring for job progress necessary , but review of cash flow predictions must follow .
not only therefore is [watching] for job progress necessary , but review of cash flow predictions must follow .

When monitoring job progress the manager should be analysing fee predictions at the same time .
when [watching] job progress the manager should be analysing fee predictions at the same time .

No form of monitoring is effective unless there is implicit within the manager 's power an ability to control and introduce change .
no form of [watching] is effective unless there is implicit within the manager 's power an ability to control and introduce change .

The problem is to seek the correct balance , and to this end monitoring and studies have been in progress since 1989 .
the problem is to seek the correct balance , and to this end [watching] and studies have been in progress since 1989 .

Part of the programme involved monitoring known physical energies at the Rollright stone circle in Oxfordshire , including ultrasound , radiation , magnetism and radio emissions .
part of the programme involved [watching] known physical energies at the rollright stone circle in oxfordshire , including ultrasound , radiation , magnetism and radio emissions .

This latter has occurred in the vicinity of Hessdalen in Norway , where several hundred photographs have now been taken of earth lights , and where there is a permanent monitoring post .
this latter has occurred in the vicinity of hessdalen in norway , where several hundred photographs have now been taken of earth lights , and where there is a permanent [watching] post .

Monitoring of this sort seemed to offer a way forward .
[watching] of this sort seemed to offer a way forward .

The work fell naturally into two sections : physical monitoring of known energies led by Dr Don Robins , a materials scientist and specialist in piezoelectricity in archaeological research ; and the psychic approach , including dowsing and psychometry , co-ordinated by Californian archaeologist and parapsychologist , John Steele .
the work fell naturally into two sections : physical [watching] of known energies led by dr don robins , a materials scientist and specialist in piezoelectricity in archaeological research ; and the psychic approach , including dowsing and psychometry , co-ordinated by californian archaeologist and parapsychologist , john steele .

In the initial phase of the project this proved impossible , in terms of equipment and volunteers , but was remedied to some extent later by Operation Merlin , whereby intensive efforts provided round-the-clock monitoring for periods of a month at a time .
in the initial phase of the project this proved impossible , in terms of equipment and volunteers , but was remedied to some extent later by operation merlin , whereby intensive efforts provided round-the-clock [watching] for periods of a month at a time .

The physical monitoring started with very little clear idea of how to proceed .
the physical [watching] started with very little clear idea of how to proceed .

We may be dealing with an energy currently unknown to science , but it made sense to start by monitoring known energies .
we may be dealing with an energy currently unknown to science , but it made sense to start by [watching] known energies .

There are various ways of monitoring radiation , the best known being the Geiger counter .
there are various ways of [watching] radiation , the best known being the geiger counter .

All the same , the insurer has so far agreed to pay £8 million in compensation to investors , a significant pile of money even for a major company , and a nasty hit to take for one slip in its monitoring system .
all the same , the insurer has so far agreed to pay £8 million in compensation to investors , a significant pile of money even for a major company , and a nasty hit to take for one slip in its [watching] system .

‘ There is internal and external monitoring , ’ says a spokesman .
‘ there is internal and external [watching] , ’ says a spokesman .

‘ It should make them even more careful about their monitoring , ’ Abrahams says .
‘ it should make them even more careful about their [watching] , ’ abrahams says .

The official explanation was that the car contained instruments for monitoring the condition of the track .
the official explanation was that the car contained instruments for [watching] the condition of the track .

As well as addressing the role and responsibilities of public , authorities , industry , the workforce and the general public , the principles detail prevention activities , including planning , construction , monitoring and assessment and mention the rights of the public to information concerning hazardous installations .
as well as addressing the role and responsibilities of public , authorities , industry , the workforce and the general public , the principles detail prevention activities , including planning , construction , [watching] and assessment and mention the rights of the public to information concerning hazardous installations .

The Industrial Central Atmosphere Monitoring System from Perkin Elmer has been designed to provide maximum security against toxic spills or releases .
the industrial central atmosphere [watching] system from perkin elmer has been designed to provide maximum security against toxic spills or releases .

Choosing the transduction strategy is initially governed by the simplest , most direct route to reversible monitoring of biorecognition events in the biolayer .
choosing the transduction strategy is initially governed by the simplest , most direct route to reversible [watching] of biorecognition events in the biolayer .

The slow kinetics of antigen-antibody dissociation , unfortunately , precludes using antibodies in reversible sensors for continuous monitoring .
the slow kinetics of antigen-antibody dissociation , unfortunately , precludes using antibodies in reversible sensors for continuous [watching] .

Glass membrane potentiometric electrodes were one of the first to be used as part of enzyme electrodes , typically for monitoring of pH in hydrolase catalysed reactions — eg urea assays .
glass membrane potentiometric electrodes were one of the first to be used as part of enzyme electrodes , typically for [watching] of ph in hydrolase catalysed reactions — eg urea assays .

Applied Ecology : major research programmes in pest management , monitoring and assessment of changes in ecological communities , the fate of pollutants including radionuclides in natural environments .
applied ecology : major research programmes in pest management , [watching] and assessment of changes in ecological communities , the fate of pollutants including radionuclides in natural environments .

Monitoring equipment
[watching] equipment

Although exercise will be working properly only if it is vigorous enough to cause some sweating and panting , you can check what it is doing to your heart , if you fear overstraining , by monitoring the pulse rate .
although exercise will be working properly only if it is vigorous enough to cause some sweating and panting , you can check what it is doing to your heart , if you fear overstraining , by [watching] the pulse rate .

Day-patient care allows close monitoring of the patient 's state while encouraging exploration and development of better ways of coping with problems , which can be enhanced with group therapy techniques ( Temple and Catalan 1977 ) .
day-patient care allows close [watching] of the patient 's state while encouraging exploration and development of better ways of coping with problems , which can be enhanced with group therapy techniques ( temple and catalan 1977 ) .

Such monitoring might help provide feedback to the service on its effectiveness .
such [watching] might help provide feedback to the service on its effectiveness .

Environmental monitoring
environmental [watching]

Monitoring involves tracking the evolution of environmental trends , sequences of events , or streams of activities .
[watching] involves tracking the evolution of environmental trends , sequences of events , or streams of activities .

The outputs of monitoring are threefold : ( 1 ) a specific description of environmental trends and patterns to be forecast , ( 2 ) the identification of trends for further monitoring , and ( 3 ) the identification of areas requiring further scanning .
the outputs of [watching] are threefold : ( 1 ) a specific description of environmental trends and patterns to be forecast , ( 2 ) the identification of trends for further [watching] , and ( 3 ) the identification of areas requiring further scanning .

Thus , the outputs of monitoring go beyond the simple provision of inputs for forecasting .
thus , the outputs of [watching] go beyond the simple provision of inputs for forecasting .

Scanning and monitoring provide a picture of what has already taken place and what is happening .
scanning and [watching] provide a picture of what has already taken place and what is happening .

Scanning , monitoring and forecasting are not ends in themselves .
scanning , [watching] and forecasting are not ends in themselves .

Unless their outputs are assessed to determine implications for the organisation 's current and potential strategies , scanning , monitoring and forecasting merely provide ‘ nice-to-know ’ information .
unless their outputs are assessed to determine implications for the organisation 's current and potential strategies , scanning , [watching] and forecasting merely provide ‘ nice-to-know ’ information .

The first three chapters dealing with environmental monitoring , natural and technological hazards and settlements and infrastructure applications make use of a very wide range of geographic information .
the first three chapters dealing with environmental [watching] , natural and technological hazards and settlements and infrastructure applications make use of a very wide range of geographic information .

Rhind 's chapter on environmental monitoring and prediction discusses the role of geographic information management in promoting sustainable development on a global scale in the context of the issues identified in the Brundtland report .
rhind 's chapter on environmental [watching] and prediction discusses the role of geographic information management in promoting sustainable development on a global scale in the context of the issues identified in the brundtland report .

Questions relating to data integration emerge as being particularly critical in terms of environmental monitoring and settlement and infrastructure applications .
questions relating to data integration emerge as being particularly critical in terms of environmental [watching] and settlement and infrastructure applications .

The evaluation of error propagation is a matter of considerable significance in the environmental monitoring and settlements and infrastructure fields .
the evaluation of error propagation is a matter of considerable significance in the environmental [watching] and settlements and infrastructure fields .

Environmental monitoring and prediction
environmental [watching] and prediction

Monitoring of the state of and the changes in the environment is now universally recognized as being of profound importance to mankind ( Tickell 1986 , 1989 ) .
[watching] of the state of and the changes in the environment is now universally recognized as being of profound importance to mankind ( tickell 1986 , 1989 ) .

If it now seems self-evident that monitoring of the global environment is necessary , indeed is even vital , the prediction of what is likely to happen is almost as important : the 170 000 people in the Maldives are understandably worried about the prospect of global sea-level change since no part of the islands is more than 2 m above present sea-level !
if it now seems self-evident that [watching] of the global environment is necessary , indeed is even vital , the prediction of what is likely to happen is almost as important : the 170 000 people in the maldives are understandably worried about the prospect of global sea-level change since no part of the islands is more than 2 m above present sea-level !

Even monitoring of the present is very imperfect , as witness the order of magnitude variations in estimates now current for deforestation rates .
even [watching] of the present is very imperfect , as witness the order of magnitude variations in estimates now current for deforestation rates .

This chapter , then , attempts to review some of the problems in environmental monitoring and prediction , describes some of the relevant scientific and organizational activities and looks ahead to what is likely to happen next .
this chapter , then , attempts to review some of the problems in environmental [watching] and prediction , describes some of the relevant scientific and organizational activities and looks ahead to what is likely to happen next .

Notwithstanding Mrs Thatcher 's confidence that we can ‘ fix ’ environmental problems , the difficulties associated with a task even as apparently simple as monitoring a state variable are considerable .
notwithstanding mrs thatcher 's confidence that we can ‘ fix ’ environmental problems , the difficulties associated with a task even as apparently simple as [watching] a state variable are considerable .

We should know something about the periodicity of the variables we are monitoring if we are not to risk either unnecessarily detailed data collection or aliasing of trends ;
we should know something about the periodicity of the variables we are [watching] if we are not to risk either unnecessarily detailed data collection or aliasing of trends ;

Since we know that the periodicity of some variables is longer than the monitoring already carried out by human beings , we must make use of surrogate or proxy variables to extend our range of knowledge ( such as via tree rings , palynology , oxygen isotope ratios from ice cores and geomorphological evidence of environmental change ) ;
since we know that the periodicity of some variables is longer than the [watching] already carried out by human beings , we must make use of surrogate or proxy variables to extend our range of knowledge ( such as via tree rings , palynology , oxygen isotope ratios from ice cores and geomorphological evidence of environmental change ) ;

Much attention will be given throughout this chapter to monitoring the environment on a global basis .
much attention will be given throughout this chapter to [watching] the environment on a global basis .

Until 1990 , remarkably little interaction had taken place between the ‘ hard science ’ and the social science communities on global monitoring and prediction .
until 1990 , remarkably little interaction had taken place between the ‘ hard science ’ and the social science communities on global [watching] and prediction .

To help ensure the harmonization and comparability of environmental data in the Community as well as the integration of European environmental data into international environmental monitoring programmes , such as those established within the framework of the United Nations and its system of agencies .
to help ensure the harmonization and comparability of environmental data in the community as well as the integration of european environmental data into international environmental [watching] programmes , such as those established within the framework of the united nations and its system of agencies .

It seems certain to have major and growing effects upon environmental monitoring and prediction in Europe and on the policies of component governments .
it seems certain to have major and growing effects upon environmental [watching] and prediction in europe and on the policies of component governments .

Certain aspects of environmental monitoring have long been carried out by the private sector , notably that of crop states on a world-wide basis .
certain aspects of environmental [watching] have long been carried out by the private sector , notably that of crop states on a world-wide basis .

Some examples of environmental monitoring projects
some examples of environmental [watching] projects

It follows from much of the above that there are major challenges in use of environmental data . These are best considered by itemizing characteristics of contemporary environmental monitoring and prediction :
it follows from much of the above that there are major challenges in use of environmental data . these are best considered by itemizing characteristics of contemporary environmental [watching] and prediction :

We have only a limited capacity for checking the accuracy of many environmental monitoring results , let alone of predictions .
we have only a limited capacity for checking the accuracy of many environmental [watching] results , let alone of predictions .

Thus far , the emphasis has been very much on the natural science aspects of environmental monitoring and prediction .
thus far , the emphasis has been very much on the natural science aspects of environmental [watching] and prediction .

For social scientists , then , environmental monitoring and prediction are a matter of considerable significance , especially as ‘ globalization ’ of markets and economies proceeds .
for social scientists , then , environmental [watching] and prediction are a matter of considerable significance , especially as ‘ globalization ’ of markets and economies proceeds .

Yet , even if all of this causes great uncertainty among scientists , it is still a reasonable prediction that a decade ahead will see both environmental monitoring and prediction treated as an everyday need and activity in major organizations .
yet , even if all of this causes great uncertainty among scientists , it is still a reasonable prediction that a decade ahead will see both environmental [watching] and prediction treated as an everyday need and activity in major organizations .

Perhaps the single most important conclusion to be drawn from this review is that the monitoring , modelling and management of the global environment are tasks which uniquely require the integration of skills and techniques from many disciplines .
perhaps the single most important conclusion to be drawn from this review is that the [watching] , modelling and management of the global environment are tasks which uniquely require the integration of skills and techniques from many disciplines .

An alternative approach to real-time monitoring is to develop software capable of receiving data from external monitoring systems .
an alternative approach to real-time [watching] is to develop software capable of receiving data from external [watching] systems .

Conscientious parents face an added responsibility : monitoring their child ’ s whereabouts and activities , verifying from a distance that their youngster is physically safe , emotionally contented , and constructively engaged .
conscientious parents face an added responsibility : [watching] their child ’ s whereabouts and activities , verifying from a distance that their youngster is physically safe , emotionally contented , and constructively engaged .

Furthermore , the “ time bind ” stiﬂes an essential child-rearing responsibility that I mentioned earlier and will return to again : monitoring children ’ s experiences while they are both within and beyond parents ’ immediate reach .
furthermore , the “ time bind ” stiﬂes an essential child-rearing responsibility that i mentioned earlier and will return to again : [watching] children ’ s experiences while they are both within and beyond parents ’ immediate reach .

Hence it ’ s another alluring device that requires close parental monitoring and intervention—to prevent children from becoming addictive users ; from immersing themselves in violent , gender-stereotyped video games ; and from accessing websites and web pages with sexual , aggressive , or other inappropriate content .
hence it ’ s another alluring device that requires close parental [watching] and intervention—to prevent children from becoming addictive users ; from immersing themselves in violent , gender-stereotyped video games ; and from accessing websites and web pages with sexual , aggressive , or other inappropriate content .

Compared to sociodramatic play , preschoolers ﬁnd it harder to establish a cooperative , shared framework when working together on realistic projects , such as construction , puzzle , and art activities.79 To collaborate on these tasks , they need much more adult instruction and monitoring than they do in make-believe activities .
compared to sociodramatic play , preschoolers ﬁnd it harder to establish a cooperative , shared framework when working together on realistic projects , such as construction , puzzle , and art activities.79 to collaborate on these tasks , they need much more adult instruction and [watching] than they do in make-believe activities .

Carrying inventory is expensive : Retailers pay capital costs for having their money tied up in inventory , for the physical floor space necessary to store goods , and for handling , managing , and monitoring the inventory.10 Most important , they pay a “ risk premium ” for carrying products that might become obsolete , either because they are damaged or fall out of fashion .
carrying inventory is expensive : retailers pay capital costs for having their money tied up in inventory , for the physical floor space necessary to store goods , and for handling , managing , and [watching] the inventory.10 most important , they pay a “ risk premium ” for carrying products that might become obsolete , either because they are damaged or fall out of fashion .

By monitoring the inventory continuously , they ensure that it never falls below s before placing an order .
by [watching] the inventory continuously , they ensure that it never falls below s before placing an order .

Monitoring compliance with wage and hour provisions and pursuing violations is an extremely complicated and time-consuming process .
[watching] compliance with wage and hour provisions and pursuing violations is an extremely complicated and time-consuming process .

It is difficult to select an organization to do the monitoring , establish the procedures to be followed , and determine who should serve as outside or independent monitors.31 Voluntary compliance measures and agreements in the United States , outside of collective bargaining , have thus far had a history of short-term viability and limited effectiveness .
it is difficult to select an organization to do the [watching] , establish the procedures to be followed , and determine who should serve as outside or independent monitors.31 voluntary compliance measures and agreements in the united states , outside of collective bargaining , have thus far had a history of short-term viability and limited effectiveness .

The questionnaire imposes a detailed grid of racial variations on people who might otherwise simply have thought of themselves as Americans or perhaps as “ minorities. ” This information becomes relevant , it is said , to Justice Department officials monitoring the distribution of voting power in congressional districts .
the questionnaire imposes a detailed grid of racial variations on people who might otherwise simply have thought of themselves as americans or perhaps as “ minorities. ” this information becomes relevant , it is said , to justice department officials [watching] the distribution of voting power in congressional districts .

Soufrière is a splendid and perfectly safe place to visit otherwise the monitoring experts wouldn ’ t let you go .
soufrière is a splendid and perfectly safe place to visit otherwise the [watching] experts wouldn ’ t let you go .

Michael W. Martin , a Fordham University School of Law professor who sits on the LSNY board , however , countered that the changes were narrowly tailored to ensure effective monitoring by LSNY , while still preserving the power of local boards to run their programs .
michael w. martin , a fordham university school of law professor who sits on the lsny board , however , countered that the changes were narrowly tailored to ensure effective [watching] by lsny , while still preserving the power of local boards to run their programs .

He added that the literature shows client outcomes and cost-benefits are improved by either research follow-up or a brief monitoring phone call .
he added that the literature shows client outcomes and cost-benefits are improved by either research follow-up or a brief [watching] phone call .

One alternative might be to create a special accountability track that ensures that non-homeland security functions are well supported and executed in DHS , including milestones for monitoring performance .
one alternative might be to create a special accountability track that ensures that non-homeland security functions are well supported and executed in dhs , including milestones for [watching] performance .

Appropriate safeguards can help to prevent abuse of federal employees and provide adequate monitoring mechanisms to gauge performance .
appropriate safeguards can help to prevent abuse of federal employees and provide adequate [watching] mechanisms to gauge performance .

Restore and maintain the health of the land : Understand and plan for the condition and use of the public lands by conducting assessments and completing land use plan evaluations ; restore at-risk resources and maintain functioning systems , particularly riparian areas and watersheds ; incorporate management land health standards into decisions and plans ; implement the National Fire Plan ; and emphasize resource protection by assuring that work commitments for monitoring and inspection are met , appropriate enforcement actions are taken , and results are recorded .
restore and maintain the health of the land : understand and plan for the condition and use of the public lands by conducting assessments and completing land use plan evaluations ; restore at-risk resources and maintain functioning systems , particularly riparian areas and watersheds ; incorporate management land health standards into decisions and plans ; implement the national fire plan ; and emphasize resource protection by assuring that work commitments for [watching] and inspection are met , appropriate enforcement actions are taken , and results are recorded .

Currently , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , monitoring , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and regulations .
currently , however , most functions within finance organizations are focused primarily on ( 1 ) establishing and administering policy , ( 2 ) tracking , [watching] , and reconciling account balances , or ( 3 ) ensuring compliance with laws and regulations .

They occur for many reasons including insufficient oversight or monitoring , inadequate eligibility controls , and automated system deficiencies .
they occur for many reasons including insufficient oversight or [watching] , inadequate eligibility controls , and automated system deficiencies .

Minimizing improper payments often requires the exchange of relevant , reliable , and timely information between individuals and units within an organization and with external entities with oversight and monitoring responsibilities .
minimizing improper payments often requires the exchange of relevant , reliable , and timely information between individuals and units within an organization and with external entities with oversight and [watching] responsibilities .

Monitoring strategies are discussed in the next section .
[watching] strategies are discussed in the next section .

Monitoring : Tracking the Success of Improvement Initiatives -We will want to know what action is being taken and what more could be done to get a grip on the burgeoning levels of fraud and inaccuracy in benefit claims . ''
[watching] : tracking the success of improvement initiatives -we will want to know what action is being taken and what more could be done to get a grip on the burgeoning levels of fraud and inaccuracy in benefit claims . ''

David Davis , Chairman of the Parliamentary Committee of Public Accounts , United Kingdom Monitoring performance , over time , is critical to program management and oversight .
david davis , chairman of the parliamentary committee of public accounts , united kingdom [watching] performance , over time , is critical to program management and oversight .

Monitoring focuses on the assessment of the quality of performance over time and on the prompt resolution of problems identified either through separate program evaluations or audits .
[watching] focuses on the assessment of the quality of performance over time and on the prompt resolution of problems identified either through separate program evaluations or audits .

Once an organization has identified its risks related to improper payments and undertaken activities to reduce such risks by upgrading its control activities , monitoring performance allows the organization to gauge how well its efforts are working .
once an organization has identified its risks related to improper payments and undertaken activities to reduce such risks by upgrading its control activities , [watching] performance allows the organization to gauge how well its efforts are working .

As a result of the program monitoring and evaluation activities these reviews permit , the government has set new , more challenging targets for future performance .
as a result of the program [watching] and evaluation activities these reviews permit , the government has set new , more challenging targets for future performance .

Performance measures are key to monitoring progress in addressing improper payments .
performance measures are key to [watching] progress in addressing improper payments .

In addition , Parliament uses the audited information to make informed decisions on resource allocation , and , through a Public Service Monitoring Body ( the State Services Commission ) , to hold the entity 's chief executive officer responsible if performance standards are not met .
in addition , parliament uses the audited information to make informed decisions on resource allocation , and , through a public service [watching] body ( the state services commission ) , to hold the entity 's chief executive officer responsible if performance standards are not met .

WINZ 's monitoring of its payment accuracy is discussed further in the case illustration on the following page .
winz 's [watching] of its payment accuracy is discussed further in the case illustration on the following page .

Monitoring the activities used by an organization to address improper payments should be performed continually and should be ingrained in the entity 's operations .
[watching] the activities used by an organization to address improper payments should be performed continually and should be ingrained in the entity 's operations .

Ongoing monitoring enables an organization to measure how well it is doing , track performance measures , and adjust control activities based on the results of monitoring activities .
ongoing [watching] enables an organization to measure how well it is doing , track performance measures , and adjust control activities based on the results of [watching] activities .

The monitoring process should also include policies and procedures for ensuring that the results of the reviews are communicated to the appropriate individuals within the organization so that they can be promptly resolved .
the [watching] process should also include policies and procedures for ensuring that the results of the reviews are communicated to the appropriate individuals within the organization so that they can be promptly resolved .

The techniques and approaches shared a common focus of improving the internal control systems over the problem areas and generally included actions in five areas-control environment , risk assessment , control activities , information and communications , and monitoring .
the techniques and approaches shared a common focus of improving the internal control systems over the problem areas and generally included actions in five areas-control environment , risk assessment , control activities , information and communications , and [watching] .

In addition to monitoring day-to-day performance , it is important for an organization to track performance over time and measure it against established performance goals or indicators .
in addition to [watching] day-to-day performance , it is important for an organization to track performance over time and measure it against established performance goals or indicators .

This monitoring activity provides information on the effectiveness of the control activities implemented and helps oversight and top-level management officials identify areas needing further attention or a shift in focus .
this [watching] activity provides information on the effectiveness of the control activities implemented and helps oversight and top-level management officials identify areas needing further attention or a shift in focus .

The organizations that participated in our study found they could effectively and efficiently manage improper payments by ( 1 ) changing their organizations ' control environments or cultures , ( 2 ) performing risk assessments , ( 3 ) implementing activities to reduce fraud and errors , ( 4 ) providing relevant , reliable , and timely information and communication of results to management , and ( 5 ) monitoring performance over time .
the organizations that participated in our study found they could effectively and efficiently manage improper payments by ( 1 ) changing their organizations ' control environments or cultures , ( 2 ) performing risk assessments , ( 3 ) implementing activities to reduce fraud and errors , ( 4 ) providing relevant , reliable , and timely information and communication of results to management , and ( 5 ) [watching] performance over time .

Monitor & Policies & Focal Evaluate Controls Point Promote Awareness This continuing cycle of monitoring business risks , maintaining policies and controls , and monitoring operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program .
monitor & policies & focal evaluate controls point promote awareness this continuing cycle of [watching] business risks , maintaining policies and controls , and [watching] operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program .

Monitoring various aspects of the organization 's security-related activities by testing controls , accounting for the number and types of security incidents , and evaluating compliance with policies .
[watching] various aspects of the organization 's security-related activities by testing controls , accounting for the number and types of security incidents , and evaluating compliance with policies .

In addition , they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats , vulnerabilities , software , security techniques , and security monitoring tools .
in addition , they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats , vulnerabilities , software , security techniques , and security [watching] tools .

The organizations we studied had recognized that monitoring control effectiveness and compliance with policies is a key step in the cycle of managing information security .
the organizations we studied had recognized that [watching] control effectiveness and compliance with policies is a key step in the cycle of managing information security .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 53 Practice 14 : Monitor Factors that Affect Risk and Indicate Security Effectiveness The organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 53 practice 14 : monitor factors that affect risk and indicate security effectiveness the organizations focused their [watching] efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .

As discussed below , these efforts included testing controls , monitoring compliance with policies , analyzing security incidents , and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other indicators that efforts to promote awareness were effective .
as discussed below , these efforts included testing controls , [watching] compliance with policies , analyzing security incidents , and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other indicators that efforts to promote awareness were effective .

Monitoring Compliance With Policies and Guidelines All of the organizations monitored compliance with organizational policies to some extent .
[watching] compliance with policies and guidelines all of the organizations monitored compliance with organizational policies to some extent .

Much of this monitoring was achieved through informal feedback to the central security group from system administrators and others in other organizational units .
much of this [watching] was achieved through informal feedback to the central security group from system administrators and others in other organizational units .

However , a few organizations had developed more structured mechanisms for such monitoring .
however , a few organizations had developed more structured mechanisms for such [watching] .

Case Example : Developing an Incident Database A university 's central security group had developed a database that served as a valuable management tool in monitoring problems , reassessing risks , and determining how to best use limited resources to address the most significant information security problems .
case example : developing an incident database a university 's central security group had developed a database that served as a valuable management tool in [watching] problems , reassessing risks , and determining how to best use limited resources to address the most significant information security problems .

This , in turn , provided the central security group a means of ( 1 ) identifying emerging problems , ( 2 ) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts , ( 3 ) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas , and ( 4 ) monitoring the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help ensure that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently .
this , in turn , provided the central security group a means of ( 1 ) identifying emerging problems , ( 2 ) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts , ( 3 ) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas , and ( 4 ) [watching] the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help ensure that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently .

Monitoring the Effectiveness of the Central Security Management Group Several of the central security groups had developed measures of their own activities , outputs , and expertise as an indication of their effectiveness .
[watching] the effectiveness of the central security management group several of the central security groups had developed measures of their own activities , outputs , and expertise as an indication of their effectiveness .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 57 Practice 15 : Use Results to Direct Future Efforts and Hold Managers Accountable Although monitoring , in itself , may encourage compliance with information security policies , the full benefits of monitoring are not achieved unless results are used to improve the security program .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 57 practice 15 : use results to direct future efforts and hold managers accountable although [watching] , in itself , may encourage compliance with information security policies , the full benefits of [watching] are not achieved unless results are used to improve the security program .

Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques The security specialists said that they were constantly looking for new tools to test the security of their computerized operations .
practice 16 : be alert to new [watching] tools and techniques the security specialists said that they were constantly looking for new tools to test the security of their computerized operations .

Two security managers noted that their organizations had implemented new , more sophisticated , software tools for monitoring network vulnerabilities .
two security managers noted that their organizations had implemented new , more sophisticated , software tools for [watching] network vulnerabilities .

However , several security managers said that the development of automated monitoring tools is lagging behind the introduction of new computer and network technologies and that this has impaired their efforts to detect incidents , especially unauthorized intrusions .
however , several security managers said that the development of automated [watching] tools is lagging behind the introduction of new computer and network technologies and that this has impaired their efforts to detect incidents , especially unauthorized intrusions .

Several security managers told us that , in addition to reading current professional literature , their involvement with professional organizations was a valuable means of learning about the latest monitoring tools and research efforts .
several security managers told us that , in addition to reading current professional literature , their involvement with professional organizations was a valuable means of learning about the latest [watching] tools and research efforts .

Individual security controls and monitoring tools will change as technology advances , and new risks are likely to emerge .
individual security controls and [watching] tools will change as technology advances , and new risks are likely to emerge .

Today , federal agencies find that monitoring these internal forces is especially important , given the effects of funding reductions and reorganizations .
today , federal agencies find that [watching] these internal forces is especially important , given the effects of funding reductions and reorganizations .

During 1995 alone , approximately 10For a discussion of environmental monitoring as a critical aspect of strategic thinking , see Henry Mintzberg , The Fall and Rise of Strategic Planning ( New York : Free Press and Prentice Hall International , 1994 ) .
during 1995 alone , approximately 10for a discussion of environmental [watching] as a critical aspect of strategic thinking , see henry mintzberg , the fall and rise of strategic planning ( new york : free press and prentice hall international , 1994 ) .

The basic roles and responsibilities of the board were defined as enhancing shareholder value , assessing and monitoring risk , and ensuring management accountability .
the basic roles and responsibilities of the board were defined as enhancing shareholder value , assessing and [watching] risk , and ensuring management accountability .

Statistical sampling would only be needed for monitoring the system operations through periodic testing .
statistical sampling would only be needed for [watching] the system operations through periodic testing .

These risks would be acceptably mitigated if the statistical sampling plan provided for ( 1 ) the scope or extent of invoice examination to be commensurate with the risk to the government,14 ( 2 ) sampling from the universe of all invoices under $ 2,500 not subject to complete examination , ( 3 ) effective monitoring to ensure that the plan is effectively implemented and the risks to the government remain within tolerable limits , and ( 4 ) a continuing relationship with the vendor so that the risk of loss is minimized .
these risks would be acceptably mitigated if the statistical sampling plan provided for ( 1 ) the scope or extent of invoice examination to be commensurate with the risk to the government,14 ( 2 ) sampling from the universe of all invoices under $ 2,500 not subject to complete examination , ( 3 ) effective [watching] to ensure that the plan is effectively implemented and the risks to the government remain within tolerable limits , and ( 4 ) a continuing relationship with the vendor so that the risk of loss is minimized .

Require that the internal quality control system include procedures for monitoring , on an ongoing basis , whether the policies and procedures related to the standards are suitably designed and are being effectively applied ( par .
require that the internal quality control system include procedures for [watching] , on an ongoing basis , whether the policies and procedures related to the standards are suitably designed and are being effectively applied ( par .

Internal controls include the processes and procedures for planning , organizing , directing , and controlling program operations , and the system put in place for measuring , reporting , and monitoring program performance .
internal controls include the processes and procedures for planning , organizing , directing , and controlling program operations , and the system put in place for measuring , reporting , and [watching] program performance .

The internal quality control system should include procedures for monitoring , on an ongoing basis , whether the policies and procedures related to the standards are suitably designed and are being effectively applied .
the internal quality control system should include procedures for [watching] , on an ongoing basis , whether the policies and procedures related to the standards are suitably designed and are being effectively applied .

Reviewers may scale back the peer review procedures based on the reviewers ' evaluation of the adequacy and results of the reviewed organization 's monitoring efforts .
reviewers may scale back the peer review procedures based on the reviewers ' evaluation of the adequacy and results of the reviewed organization 's [watching] efforts .

Authorization includes approval of transactions in accordance with control activities established by management to safeguard assets , such as establishing and complying with requirements for extending and monitoring credit or making investment decisions , and related documentation .
authorization includes approval of transactions in accordance with control activities established by management to safeguard assets , such as establishing and complying with requirements for extending and [watching] credit or making investment decisions , and related documentation .

It includes the systems for measuring , reporting , and monitoring program performance .
it includes the systems for measuring , reporting , and [watching] program performance .

Monitor & Policies & Focal Evaluate Controls Point Promote Awareness This continuing cycle of monitoring business risks , maintaining policies and controls , and monitoring operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program .
monitor & policies & focal evaluate controls point promote awareness this continuing cycle of [watching] business risks , maintaining policies and controls , and [watching] operations parallels the process associated with managing the controls associated with any type of program .

Monitoring various aspects of the organization 's security-related activities by testing controls , accounting for the number and types of security incidents , and evaluating compliance with policies .
[watching] various aspects of the organization 's security-related activities by testing controls , accounting for the number and types of security incidents , and evaluating compliance with policies .

In addition , they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats , vulnerabilities , software , security techniques , and security monitoring tools .
in addition , they recognized that staff expertise had to be frequently updated to keep abreast of ongoing changes in threats , vulnerabilities , software , security techniques , and security [watching] tools .

The organizations we studied had recognized that monitoring control effectiveness and compliance with policies is a key step in the cycle of managing information security .
the organizations we studied had recognized that [watching] control effectiveness and compliance with policies is a key step in the cycle of managing information security .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 53 Practice 14 : Monitor Factors that Affect Risk and Indicate Security Effectiveness The organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 53 practice 14 : monitor factors that affect risk and indicate security effectiveness the organizations focused their [watching] efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .

As discussed below , these efforts included testing controls , monitoring compliance with policies , analyzing security incidents , and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other indicators that efforts to promote awareness were effective .
as discussed below , these efforts included testing controls , [watching] compliance with policies , analyzing security incidents , and accounting for procedural accomplishments and other indicators that efforts to promote awareness were effective .

Monitoring Compliance With Policies and Guidelines All of the organizations monitored compliance with organizational policies to some extent .
[watching] compliance with policies and guidelines all of the organizations monitored compliance with organizational policies to some extent .

Much of this monitoring was achieved through informal feedback to the central security group from system administrators and others in other organizational units .
much of this [watching] was achieved through informal feedback to the central security group from system administrators and others in other organizational units .

However , a few organizations had developed more structured mechanisms for such monitoring .
however , a few organizations had developed more structured mechanisms for such [watching] .

Case Example : Developing an Incident Database A university 's central security group had developed a database that served as a valuable management tool in monitoring problems , reassessing risks , and determining how to best use limited resources to address the most significant information security problems .
case example : developing an incident database a university 's central security group had developed a database that served as a valuable management tool in [watching] problems , reassessing risks , and determining how to best use limited resources to address the most significant information security problems .

This , in turn , provided the central security group a means of ( 1 ) identifying emerging problems , ( 2 ) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts , ( 3 ) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas , and ( 4 ) monitoring the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help ensure that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently .
this , in turn , provided the central security group a means of ( 1 ) identifying emerging problems , ( 2 ) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts , ( 3 ) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas , and ( 4 ) [watching] the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help ensure that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently .

Monitoring the Effectiveness of the Central Security Management Group Several of the central security groups had developed measures of their own activities , outputs , and expertise as an indication of their effectiveness .
[watching] the effectiveness of the central security management group several of the central security groups had developed measures of their own activities , outputs , and expertise as an indication of their effectiveness .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 57 Practice 15 : Use Results to Direct Future Efforts and Hold Managers Accountable Although monitoring , in itself , may encourage compliance with information security policies , the full benefits of monitoring are not achieved unless results are used to improve the security program .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 57 practice 15 : use results to direct future efforts and hold managers accountable although [watching] , in itself , may encourage compliance with information security policies , the full benefits of [watching] are not achieved unless results are used to improve the security program .

Practice 16 : Be Alert to New Monitoring Tools and Techniques The security specialists said that they were constantly looking for new tools to test the security of their computerized operations .
practice 16 : be alert to new [watching] tools and techniques the security specialists said that they were constantly looking for new tools to test the security of their computerized operations .

Two security managers noted that their organizations had implemented new , more sophisticated , software tools for monitoring network vulnerabilities .
two security managers noted that their organizations had implemented new , more sophisticated , software tools for [watching] network vulnerabilities .

However , several security managers said that the development of automated monitoring tools is lagging behind the introduction of new computer and network technologies and that this has impaired their efforts to detect incidents , especially unauthorized intrusions .
however , several security managers said that the development of automated [watching] tools is lagging behind the introduction of new computer and network technologies and that this has impaired their efforts to detect incidents , especially unauthorized intrusions .

Several security managers told us that , in addition to reading current professional literature , their involvement with professional organizations was a valuable means of learning about the latest monitoring tools and research efforts .
several security managers told us that , in addition to reading current professional literature , their involvement with professional organizations was a valuable means of learning about the latest [watching] tools and research efforts .

Individual security controls and monitoring tools will change as technology advances , and new risks are likely to emerge .
individual security controls and [watching] tools will change as technology advances , and new risks are likely to emerge .

Our Office has issued Food Safety and Quality-Uniform , Risk-based Inspection System Needed to Ensure Safe Food Supply ( GAO/RCED-92-152 ) and Food Safety-Risk-based Inspections and Microbial Monitoring Needed for Meat and Poultry ( GAO/RCED-94-110 ) concerning the subject of this rule .
our office has issued food safety and quality-uniform , risk-based inspection system needed to ensure safe food supply ( gao/rced-92-152 ) and food safety-risk-based inspections and microbial [watching] needed for meat and poultry ( gao/rced-94-110 ) concerning the subject of this rule .

The Senate created the Special Committee on Year 2000 Technology Problem and the House called on this Subcommittee and the Subcommittee on Technology of the Committee on Science to lead its Y2K monitoring .
the senate created the special committee on year 2000 technology problem and the house called on this subcommittee and the subcommittee on technology of the committee on science to lead its y2k [watching] .

Critics have expressed concern that the United States has not been sufficiently aggressive in monitoring and enforcing over 300 international trade agreements that cover hundreds of billions of dollars in trade and affect millions of U.S. jobs , and that some decisions by the World Trade Organization could compromise U.S. sovereignty .
critics have expressed concern that the united states has not been sufficiently aggressive in [watching] and enforcing over 300 international trade agreements that cover hundreds of billions of dollars in trade and affect millions of u.s. jobs , and that some decisions by the world trade organization could compromise u.s. sovereignty .

In addition , as it did regarding the Year 2000 computing challenge , the Congress can play a key role by actively monitoring progress in meeting critical infrastructure protection goals , including improved information sharing , and by assisting in clarifying the way federal agencies may use sensitive information provided for critical infrastructure protection purposes .
in addition , as it did regarding the year 2000 computing challenge , the congress can play a key role by actively [watching] progress in meeting critical infrastructure protection goals , including improved information sharing , and by assisting in clarifying the way federal agencies may use sensitive information provided for critical infrastructure protection purposes .

Implementation of such provisions , as well as other monitoring actions , could facilitate information sharing and , thus , federal and private efforts to protect critical infrastructures .
implementation of such provisions , as well as other [watching] actions , could facilitate information sharing and , thus , federal and private efforts to protect critical infrastructures .

The JTF-CNO expansion significantly increases its ability to perform the following : ( 1 ) preventive activities , such as conducting security reviews and issuing vulnerability alerts ; ( 2 ) coordination and monitoring detection activities performed by components , including monitoring automated intrusiondetection systems ; ( 3 ) investigative and diagnostic activities ; and ( 4 ) event handling and response activities , which involve disseminating information and providing technical assistance to system administrators so that they can appropriately respond to cyber attacks .
the jtf-cno expansion significantly increases its ability to perform the following : ( 1 ) preventive activities , such as conducting security reviews and issuing vulnerability alerts ; ( 2 ) coordination and [watching] detection activities performed by components , including [watching] automated intrusiondetection systems ; ( 3 ) investigative and diagnostic activities ; and ( 4 ) event handling and response activities , which involve disseminating information and providing technical assistance to system administrators so that they can appropriately respond to cyber attacks .

Further , the attitude and philosophy of management toward information systems , accounting , personnel functions , monitoring , and audits and evaluations can have a profound effect on internal control .
further , the attitude and philosophy of management toward information systems , accounting , personnel functions , [watching] , and audits and evaluations can have a profound effect on internal control .

Internal control should generally be designed to assure that ongoing monitoring occurs in the course of normal operations .
internal control should generally be designed to assure that ongoing [watching] occurs in the course of normal operations .

The scope and frequency of separate evaluations should depend primarily on the assessment of risks and the effectiveness of ongoing monitoring procedures .
the scope and frequency of separate evaluations should depend primarily on the assessment of risks and the effectiveness of ongoing [watching] procedures .

Deficiencies found during ongoing monitoring or through separate evaluations should be communicated to the individual responsible for the function and also to at least one level of management above that individual .
deficiencies found during ongoing [watching] or through separate evaluations should be communicated to the individual responsible for the function and also to at least one level of management above that individual .

Monitoring of internal control should include policies and procedures for ensuring that the findings of audits and other reviews are promptly resolved .
[watching] of internal control should include policies and procedures for ensuring that the findings of audits and other reviews are promptly resolved .

During the procurement phase , the review of designs can continue to contribute to overall project success by monitoring progress made in ordering the various items of longleadtime equipment .
during the procurement phase , the review of designs can continue to contribute to overall project success by [watching] progress made in ordering the various items of longleadtime equipment .

Evaluate the project management tools andtechniques to satisfy management information requirements for monitoring contractor performance , tracking progress against the acquisition plan , and taking action on cost or schedule slippage .
evaluate the project management tools andtechniques to satisfy management information requirements for [watching] contractor performance , tracking progress against the acquisition plan , and taking action on cost or schedule slippage .

Determine if agency monitoring of the contractor'sperformance includes :
determine if agency [watching] of the contractor'sperformance includes :

To accomplish this monitoring , GAO maintains a database of open recommendations .
to accomplish this [watching] , gao maintains a database of open recommendations .

This database serves both GAO and the agencies by helping them meet their record maintenance and monitoring responsibilities .
this database serves both gao and the agencies by helping them meet their record maintenance and [watching] responsibilities .

The categories are related to the evaluation subquestions ; for example , if a subquestion was `` How does the Immigration and Naturalization Service monitor the conditions of confinement in privately contracted detention facilities , '' coding categories might include who is responsible , how these persons get information , what they do with information received , evidence that minimum standards are met , evidence of shortfalls , changes over time in monitoring , and conflicting guidance or responsibilities .
the categories are related to the evaluation subquestions ; for example , if a subquestion was `` how does the immigration and naturalization service monitor the conditions of confinement in privately contracted detention facilities , '' coding categories might include who is responsible , how these persons get information , what they do with information received , evidence that minimum standards are met , evidence of shortfalls , changes over time in [watching] , and conflicting guidance or responsibilities .

More time Page 102 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations is allowed for training and monitoring quality .
more time page 102 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations is allowed for training and [watching] quality .

As a practical matter , those responsible for judging the success of programs and their supporting functions should agree on the measures used and become involved in monitoring the outcomes .
as a practical matter , those responsible for judging the success of programs and their supporting functions should agree on the measures used and become involved in [watching] the outcomes .

They focus on monitoring short- and long-term IT measures that directly affect business activities and produce real business value .
they focus on [watching] short- and long-term it measures that directly affect business activities and produce real business value .

The board , however , has Page 36 GAO-01-376G CIO Executive Guide increasingly become more involved in monitoring and making recommendations on troubled IT projects .
the board , however , has page 36 gao-01-376g cio executive guide increasingly become more involved in [watching] and making recommendations on troubled it projects .

The on site visits are conducted for the purpose of program monitoring and development , to solve problems , and to develop new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality of services to clients .
the on site visits are conducted for the purpose of program [watching] and development , to solve problems , and to develop new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality of services to clients .

LSC management prides itself on thorough and effective monitoring of recipient activities and on its training of recipients with regard to compliance issues .
lsc management prides itself on thorough and effective [watching] of recipient activities and on its training of recipients with regard to compliance issues .

The GAO has found that the timing of 3/4 guarantee claims makes monitoring of compliance and enforcement while the worker is still in the United States particularly difficult .
the gao has found that the timing of 3/4 guarantee claims makes [watching] of compliance and enforcement while the worker is still in the united states particularly difficult .

In March 1998 , he was appointed to serve on the bi-partisan U.S. Census Monitoring Board to oversee the 2000 decennial census .
in march 1998 , he was appointed to serve on the bi-partisan u.s. census [watching] board to oversee the 2000 decennial census .

The information is turned over to LSC 's Office of Compliance and Enforcement , which is responsible for monitoring the accuracy of the CSR system and CSR data .
the information is turned over to lsc 's office of compliance and enforcement , which is responsible for [watching] the accuracy of the csr system and csr data .

Additionally , new compliance monitoring procedures , which use outside auditors to monitor grantee compliance with regulations and to perform comprehensive yearly oversight of grantee activities , were formulated .
additionally , new compliance [watching] procedures , which use outside auditors to monitor grantee compliance with regulations and to perform comprehensive yearly oversight of grantee activities , were formulated .

A new state support center has been created to engage in legislative monitoring and advocacy , training , coordination of statewide advocacy , collection and dissemination of information , and coordination of the system of substantive law task forces .
a new state support center has been created to engage in legislative [watching] and advocacy , training , coordination of statewide advocacy , collection and dissemination of information , and coordination of the system of substantive law task forces .

LABS METHOD METHOD TOTAL5 SUBMITTING TEST TYPE VALID DATA N LC50 CV % N LC50 CV % N LC50 CV % Pimephales promelas ( 96 h , 22EC ) 6 17 Pimephales promelas ( 24 h , 25EC ) 7 6 Ceriodaphnia dubia ( 48 h , 25EC ) 7 11 Mysidopsis bahia ( 96 h , 22EC ) 8 14 6 944 28.8 13 832 27.8 17 864 29.6 6 83211.5 6 83211.5 - - - 11 256 53.111 264 48.5 - - - 7 292 32.9 11 250 36.0 14 268 37.3 1 Interlaboratory study of toxicity test precision conducted in 1990 by the Environmental Monitoring Systems Laboratory - Cincinnati , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Cincinnati , Ohio 45268 , in cooperation with the states of New Jersey and North Carolina , and the Office of Water Enforcement and Permits , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Washington , DC .
labs method method total5 submitting test type valid data n lc50 cv % n lc50 cv % n lc50 cv % pimephales promelas ( 96 h , 22ec ) 6 17 pimephales promelas ( 24 h , 25ec ) 7 6 ceriodaphnia dubia ( 48 h , 25ec ) 7 11 mysidopsis bahia ( 96 h , 22ec ) 8 14 6 944 28.8 13 832 27.8 17 864 29.6 6 83211.5 6 83211.5 - - - 11 256 53.111 264 48.5 - - - 7 292 32.9 11 250 36.0 14 268 37.3 1 interlaboratory study of toxicity test precision conducted in 1990 by the environmental [watching] systems laboratory - cincinnati , u.s. environmental protection agency , cincinnati , ohio 45268 , in cooperation with the states of new jersey and north carolina , and the office of water enforcement and permits , u.s. environmental protection agency , washington , dc .

Labs Test Type Submitting Data LC50 CV % 2 Pimephales promelas ( 48 h , 25EC ) 3 Ceriodaphnia dubia ( 48 h , 25EC ) 3 Mysidopsis bahia ( 48 h , 25EC ) 5 Menidia beryllina ( 48 h , 25EC ) 5 203 8964 28.6 171 4324 39.8 61 5324 30.1 39 1646 42.2 1 From a national study of interlaboratory precision of toxicity test data performed in 1991 by the Environmental Monitoring Systems Laboratory - Cincinnati , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Cincinnati , OH 45268 .
labs test type submitting data lc50 cv % 2 pimephales promelas ( 48 h , 25ec ) 3 ceriodaphnia dubia ( 48 h , 25ec ) 3 mysidopsis bahia ( 48 h , 25ec ) 5 menidia beryllina ( 48 h , 25ec ) 5 203 8964 28.6 171 4324 39.8 61 5324 30.1 39 1646 42.2 1 from a national study of interlaboratory precision of toxicity test data performed in 1991 by the environmental [watching] systems laboratory - cincinnati , u.s. environmental protection agency , cincinnati , oh 45268 .

Participants included Federal , state , and private laboratories engaged in NPDES permit compliance monitoring .
participants included federal , state , and private laboratories engaged in npdes permit compliance [watching] .

It is essential that good quality test organisms be readily available throughout the year from inhouse or commercial sources to meet NPDES monitoring requirements .
it is essential that good quality test organisms be readily available throughout the year from inhouse or commercial sources to meet npdes [watching] requirements .

Since age may affect the results of the tests , it would enhance the value and comparability of the data if the same species in the same life stages were used throughout a monitoring program at a given facility .
since age may affect the results of the tests , it would enhance the value and comparability of the data if the same species in the same life stages were used throughout a [watching] program at a given facility .

Labs Cu ( mg/L ) 4 SD CV ( % ) 3 Menidia Survival , NOEC beryllina Growth , IC25 Growth , IC50 Growth , NOEC 19 NA NANA 13 0.144 1.56 43.5 12 0.180 1.87 41.6 17 NA NANA 1 From a national study of interlaboratory precision of toxicity test data performed in 1991 by the Environmental Monitoring Systems Laboratory-Cincinnati , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Cincinnati , OH 45268 .
labs cu ( mg/l ) 4 sd cv ( % ) 3 menidia survival , noec beryllina growth , ic25 growth , ic50 growth , noec 19 na nana 13 0.144 1.56 43.5 12 0.180 1.87 41.6 17 na nana 1 from a national study of interlaboratory precision of toxicity test data performed in 1991 by the environmental [watching] systems laboratory-cincinnati , u.s. environmental protection agency , cincinnati , oh 45268 .

Participants included federal , state , and private laboratories engaged in NPDES permit compliance monitoring .
participants included federal , state , and private laboratories engaged in npdes permit compliance [watching] .

It is essential that good quality test organisms be readily available throughout the year from inhouse or commercial sources to meet NPDES monitoring requirements .
it is essential that good quality test organisms be readily available throughout the year from inhouse or commercial sources to meet npdes [watching] requirements .

Since age may affect the results of the tests , it would enhance the value and comparability of the data if the same species in the same life stages were used throughout a monitoring program at a given facility .
since age may affect the results of the tests , it would enhance the value and comparability of the data if the same species in the same life stages were used throughout a [watching] program at a given facility .

Establishing Emission Reduction Targets , Based on Sound Science , That Will Significantly Improve Air Quality , Protecting Human and Environmental Health : By reducing air pollution , and conducting constant monitoring of emissions , the Clear Skies Initiative guarantees that America 's power plants will meet ambitious air quality goals , even as they bring new power plants on line to meet growing demand .
establishing emission reduction targets , based on sound science , that will significantly improve air quality , protecting human and environmental health : by reducing air pollution , and conducting constant [watching] of emissions , the clear skies initiative guarantees that america 's power plants will meet ambitious air quality goals , even as they bring new power plants on line to meet growing demand .

Part E contains performance standards for affected units and provisions for research , environmental monitoring , and assessment .
part e contains performance standards for affected units and provisions for research , environmental [watching] , and assessment .

Monitoring , Reporting , and Recordkeeping Requirements Section 405 is the existing Section 412 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same monitoring , reporting and recordkeeping requirements that apply to the existing Acid Rain Program .
[watching] , reporting , and recordkeeping requirements section 405 is the existing section 412 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same [watching] , reporting and recordkeeping requirements that apply to the existing acid rain program .

Continuous emissions monitoring systems ( CEMS ) must be installed and operated to monitor emissions from each affected unit .
continuous emissions [watching] systems ( cems ) must be installed and operated to monitor emissions from each affected unit .

The Administrator must specify requirements for any alternative monitoring system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by CEMS .
the administrator must specify requirements for any alternative [watching] system shown to provide information with the same precision , reliability , accessibility , and timeliness as that provided by cems .

Further , the Administrator may specify an alternative monitoring system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the Administrator determines that CEMS for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .
further , the administrator may specify an alternative [watching] system for determining mercury emissions to the extent that the administrator determines that cems for mercury with appropriate vendor guarantees are not commercially available .

Section 405 also sets deadlines for owners or operators of units to install and operate continuous emissions monitoring systems to monitor specified emissions or parameters under the new trading programs .
section 405 also sets deadlines for owners or operators of units to install and operate continuous emissions [watching] systems to monitor specified emissions or parameters under the new trading programs .

This section also retains the requirements in the existing Section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a CEMS or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the Administrator , on emissions during that period .
this section also retains the requirements in the existing section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a cems or an approved alternative [watching] system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the administrator , on emissions during that period .

The Administrator already issued regulations implementing the existing Section 412 and must issue new regulations by January 1 , 2008 for monitoring of mercury .
the administrator already issued regulations implementing the existing section 412 and must issue new regulations by january 1 , 2008 for [watching] of mercury .

The units must vent all their sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury emissions only through a stack or duct and must meet the monitoring and reporting requirements for those trading programs , except that each unit must be separately monitored .
the units must vent all their sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury emissions only through a stack or duct and must meet the [watching] and reporting requirements for those trading programs , except that each unit must be separately monitored .

Each unit , to establish its baseline , must monitor and report its emissions in accordance with the monitoring and reporting requirements under Section 405 for one year before entering the programs .
each unit , to establish its baseline , must monitor and report its emissions in accordance with the [watching] and reporting requirements under section 405 for one year before entering the programs .

This is reflected in the monitoring and reporting requirements , which provide that units sharing a common stack do not need to be separately monitored and must collect sufficient information to determine compliance .
this is reflected in the [watching] and reporting requirements , which provide that units sharing a common stack do not need to be separately monitored and must collect sufficient information to determine compliance .

This is because the NOx SIP call itself , and the state implementation plans approved under the NOx SIP call , already include provisions concerning the matters addressed in these general provisions in Part A , such as tracking and transferring of allowances , permitting , monitoring and reporting , and compliance .
this is because the nox sip call itself , and the state implementation plans approved under the nox sip call , already include provisions concerning the matters addressed in these general provisions in part a , such as tracking and transferring of allowances , permitting , [watching] and reporting , and compliance .

All units subject to a performance standard are required to monitor emissions using continuous emissions monitoring systems and to use averaging times similar to those under the existing new source performance standards .
all units subject to a performance standard are required to monitor emissions using continuous emissions [watching] systems and to use averaging times similar to those under the existing new source performance standards .

Research , Environmental Monitoring , and Assessment Section 482 contains provisions for evaluating and reporting the efficacy of the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs and conducting scientific and technical research and development .
research , environmental [watching] , and assessment section 482 contains provisions for evaluating and reporting the efficacy of the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs and conducting scientific and technical research and development .

Monitoring The Clear Skies Act revises Section 821 ( a ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 to retain the existing carbon dioxide monitoring and reporting requirements for units subject to the existing Acid Rain Program .
[watching] the clear skies act revises section 821 ( a ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 to retain the existing carbon dioxide [watching] and reporting requirements for units subject to the existing acid rain program .

Labs % Effluent2 SD CV ( % ) Pimephales Survival , NOEC 146 promelas Growth , IC25 124 Growth , IC50 117 Growth , NOEC 142 NA NA NA 4.67 1.87 40.0 6.36 2.04 32.1 NA NA NA Ceriodaphnia Survival , NOEC dubia Reproduction , IC25 Reproduction , IC50 Reproduction , NOEC 162NA NA NA 155 2.69 1.96 72.9 150 3.99 2.35 58.9156NA NA NA 1 From a national study of interlaboratory precision of toxicity test data performed in 1991 by the Environmental Monitoring Systems Laboratory-Cincinnati , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Cincinnati , OH 45268 .
labs % effluent2 sd cv ( % ) pimephales survival , noec 146 promelas growth , ic25 124 growth , ic50 117 growth , noec 142 na na na 4.67 1.87 40.0 6.36 2.04 32.1 na na na ceriodaphnia survival , noec dubia reproduction , ic25 reproduction , ic50 reproduction , noec 162na na na 155 2.69 1.96 72.9 150 3.99 2.35 58.9156na na na 1 from a national study of interlaboratory precision of toxicity test data performed in 1991 by the environmental [watching] systems laboratory-cincinnati , u.s. environmental protection agency , cincinnati , oh 45268 .

Participants included Federal , state , and private laboratories engaged in NPDES permit compliance monitoring .
participants included federal , state , and private laboratories engaged in npdes permit compliance [watching] .

It is essential that good quality test organisms be readily available throughout the year from inhouse or commercial sources to meet NPDES monitoring requirements .
it is essential that good quality test organisms be readily available throughout the year from inhouse or commercial sources to meet npdes [watching] requirements .

Since age may affect the results of the tests , it would enhance the value and comparability of the data if the same species in the same life stages were used throughout a monitoring program at a given facility .
since age may affect the results of the tests , it would enhance the value and comparability of the data if the same species in the same life stages were used throughout a [watching] program at a given facility .

In exchange for flexibility in methods to control emissions , a full accounting of emissions through continuous monitoring and reporting is essential , as well as significant consequences for failing to comply .
in exchange for flexibility in methods to control emissions , a full accounting of emissions through continuous [watching] and reporting is essential , as well as significant consequences for failing to comply .

The air pollution control and monitoring technology industry is expected to continue to respond with cost-effective compliance solutions just as they have done for the past 30 years .
the air pollution control and [watching] technology industry is expected to continue to respond with cost-effective compliance solutions just as they have done for the past 30 years .

In return for this flexibility , sources were to provide a full accounting of their emissions through continuous monitoring and reporting , and there would be consequences for failing to comply .
in return for this flexibility , sources were to provide a full accounting of their emissions through continuous [watching] and reporting , and there would be consequences for failing to comply .

Furthermore , environmental monitoring networks tracked important environmental improvements - - acid deposition was reduced by up to 30 percent in certain areas of the country .
furthermore , environmental [watching] networks tracked important environmental improvements - - acid deposition was reduced by up to 30 percent in certain areas of the country .

Given available ozone monitoring data , we generated full-season ozone profiles for each location in the modeling domain in two steps : ( 1 ) we combine monitored observations and modeled ozone predictions to interpolate hourly ozone concentrations to a grid of 8 km by 8 km population grid-cells , as will be described in the Human Health and Environmental Effects Modeling section , and ( 2 ) we converted these full-season hourly ozone profiles to an ozone measure of interest , such as the daily average .
given available ozone [watching] data , we generated full-season ozone profiles for each location in the modeling domain in two steps : ( 1 ) we combine monitored observations and modeled ozone predictions to interpolate hourly ozone concentrations to a grid of 8 km by 8 km population grid-cells , as will be described in the human health and environmental effects modeling section , and ( 2 ) we converted these full-season hourly ozone profiles to an ozone measure of interest , such as the daily average .

These adjustment ratios are applied to the actual monitoring data to generate estimates of ozone levels at the monitor for the future scenarios .
these adjustment ratios are applied to the actual [watching] data to generate estimates of ozone levels at the monitor for the future scenarios .

The SAB has noted that `` the [ Harvard Six Cities ] study had better monitoring with less measurement error than did most other studies '' ( EPA-SAB-COUNCIL-ADV-99-012 , 1999 ) .
the sab has noted that `` the [ harvard six cities ] study had better [watching] with less measurement error than did most other studies '' ( epa-sab-council-adv-99-012 , 1999 ) .

Monitoring , reporting , and recordkeeping requirements .
[watching] , reporting , and recordkeeping requirements .

Research , environmental monitoring , and assessment .
research , environmental [watching] , and assessment .

Nothing in this section or in the allowance system regulations shall relieve the Administrator of the Administrator 's permitting , monitoring and enforcement obligations under this Act , nor relieve affected facilities of their requirements and liabilities under this Act .
nothing in this section or in the allowance system regulations shall relieve the administrator of the administrator 's permitting , [watching] and enforcement obligations under this act , nor relieve affected facilities of their requirements and liabilities under this act .

Such regulations may include limitations on the use of alternative compliance methods by units equipped with an alternative monitoring system as may be necessary to preserve the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .
such regulations may include limitations on the use of alternative compliance methods by units equipped with an alternative [watching] system as may be necessary to preserve the orderly functioning of the allowance system , and which will ensure the emissions reductions contemplated by this title .

The installation of the CEMS and the quality assurance of data shall be in accordance with subparagraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( B ) and subsections ( c ) through ( e ) of section 405 , except that , where two or more units utilize a single stack , separate monitoring shall be required for each unit .
the installation of the cems and the quality assurance of data shall be in accordance with subparagraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( b ) and subsections ( c ) through ( e ) of section 405 , except that , where two or more units utilize a single stack , separate [watching] shall be required for each unit .

The provisions of section 405 ( e ) of title IV of the Clean Air Act shall apply for purposes of this section in the same manner and to the same extent as such provision applies to the monitoring and data referred to in section 405 .
the provisions of section 405 ( e ) of title iv of the clean air act shall apply for purposes of this section in the same manner and to the same extent as such provision applies to the [watching] and data referred to in section 405 .

See World Population Trends and Policies , 1987 Monitoring Report , The United Nations , Department of International Economic and Social Affairs , Population Division , page 176 .
see world population trends and policies , 1987 [watching] report , the united nations , department of international economic and social affairs , population division , page 176 .

There may , however , be limits to how much contracting can be done effectively , partly because of the time and cost associated with utilizing , placing , and monitoring contracts .
there may , however , be limits to how much contracting can be done effectively , partly because of the time and cost associated with utilizing , placing , and [watching] contracts .

The Watch Command 's monitoring of EMS data proved instrumental in an extremely early identification and then highly effective containment of the 1999 West Nile outbreak , which likely would have resulted in many more fatalities but for OEM .
the watch command 's [watching] of ems data proved instrumental in an extremely early identification and then highly effective containment of the 1999 west nile outbreak , which likely would have resulted in many more fatalities but for oem .

For barriers to Saudi monitoring of charities , see , e.g. , Robert Jordan interview ( Jan. 14 , 2004 ) ; David Aufhauser interview ( Feb. 12 , 2004 ) .
for barriers to saudi [watching] of charities , see , e.g. , robert jordan interview ( jan. 14 , 2004 ) ; david aufhauser interview ( feb. 12 , 2004 ) .

For terrorists being self-funding , see United Nations report , `` Second Report of the [ UN ] Monitoring Group , Pursuant to Security Council Resolution 1390 , '' Sept. 19 , 2002 , p. 13 .
for terrorists being self-funding , see united nations report , `` second report of the [ un ] [watching] group , pursuant to security council resolution 1390 , '' sept. 19 , 2002 , p. 13 .

Unusually good intelligence , chiefly from the yearlong monitoring of al Qaeda 's cell in Nairobi , soon firmly fixed responsibility on him and his associates .
unusually good intelligence , chiefly from the yearlong [watching] of al qaeda 's cell in nairobi , soon firmly fixed responsibility on him and his associates .

Aerospace warning was defined as `` the monitoring of man-made objects in space and the detection , validation , and warning of attack against North America whether by aircraft , missiles , or space vehicles . ''
aerospace warning was defined as `` the [watching] of man-made objects in space and the detection , validation , and warning of attack against north america whether by aircraft , missiles , or space vehicles . ''

For White House staff monitoring the news , see , e.g. , White House transcript , Rice interview with Evan Thomas , Nov. 11 , 2001 , p. 388 .
for white house staff [watching] the news , see , e.g. , white house transcript , rice interview with evan thomas , nov. 11 , 2001 , p. 388 .

As a result , there have been strong religious , cultural , and administrative barriers to monitoring charitable spending .
as a result , there have been strong religious , cultural , and administrative barriers to [watching] charitable spending .

The response stage was varied by specifying a response from either the dominant or non-dominant hand and error monitoring was examined by comparing error with correct trials .
the response stage was varied by specifying a response from either the dominant or non-dominant hand and error [watching] was examined by comparing error with correct trials .

Continuous measurement of arterial oxyhemoglobin saturation by pulse oximetry ( Ohmeda , Englewood , Colorado , United States ) , oral and nasal airflow , nasal air pressure , and thoracic cage and abdominal respiratory motion ( Respitrace Ambulatory Monitoring , Ardsley , New York , United States ) were used to assess SDB [ 14 ] .
continuous measurement of arterial oxyhemoglobin saturation by pulse oximetry ( ohmeda , englewood , colorado , united states ) , oral and nasal airflow , nasal air pressure , and thoracic cage and abdominal respiratory motion ( respitrace ambulatory [watching] , ardsley , new york , united states ) were used to assess sdb [ 14 ] .

If we are to restore objectivity to drug development , prescribing , and safety monitoring , we must be willing to examine and change all of the institutions that allow this synchrony to occur .
if we are to restore objectivity to drug development , prescribing , and safety [watching] , we must be willing to examine and change all of the institutions that allow this synchrony to occur .

However , the widespread use of home blood glucose monitoring makes the improvement of glycemic control possible prior to admission .
however , the widespread use of home blood glucose [watching] makes the improvement of glycemic control possible prior to admission .

In such patients meticulous monitoring of blood pressure and volume status is essential during the perioperative period [ 7 ] .
in such patients meticulous [watching] of blood pressure and volume status is essential during the perioperative period [ 7 ] .

For procedures that require general anesthesia , specific treatment , other than hourly glycemic monitoring , is not required for patients with type 2 diabetes whose diabetes is well controlled with diet ( i.e. , fasting blood glucose less than 125 mg/dl ) .
for procedures that require general anesthesia , specific treatment , other than hourly glycemic [watching] , is not required for patients with type 2 diabetes whose diabetes is well controlled with diet ( i.e. , fasting blood glucose less than 125 mg/dl ) .

Frequent intraoperative glucose monitoring is imperative in this setting to avoid complications resulting from a poor glycemic control .
frequent intraoperative glucose [watching] is imperative in this setting to avoid complications resulting from a poor glycemic control .

The importance of monitoring transient changes in cysteines is highlighted by the recent finding that oxidation of the Yap1 activator of antioxidant genes in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae requires a peroxidase denoted Gpx3 or Orp1 ( Delaunay et al .
the importance of [watching] transient changes in cysteines is highlighted by the recent finding that oxidation of the yap1 activator of antioxidant genes in the yeast saccharomyces cerevisiae requires a peroxidase denoted gpx3 or orp1 ( delaunay et al .

Given the technological requirements , diagnosis and monitoring of HIV infection is problematic in resource-poor areas .
given the technological requirements , diagnosis and [watching] of hiv infection is problematic in resource-poor areas .

A decrease in CD4 + T lymphocytes—a critical immune cell infected by HIV—is one of the hallmarks of HIV disease , and CD4 + cell number is a key factor in determining disease progression and monitoring treatment .
a decrease in cd4 + t lymphocytes—a critical immune cell infected by hiv—is one of the hallmarks of hiv disease , and cd4 + cell number is a key factor in determining disease progression and [watching] treatment .

As such , it is likely that governmental and facility policies and monitoring to reduce discriminatory practices in the health-care sector will be an important aspect of addressing these practices .
as such , it is likely that governmental and facility policies and [watching] to reduce discriminatory practices in the health-care sector will be an important aspect of addressing these practices .

In 2000 , the Committee on Economic Social and Cultural Rights ( ESCR Committee ) , responsible for interpretation and monitoring of the International Covenant on Economic , Social , and Cultural Rights , published General Comment 14 on the Right to the Highest Attainable Standard of Health [ 40 ] .
in 2000 , the committee on economic social and cultural rights ( escr committee ) , responsible for interpretation and [watching] of the international covenant on economic , social , and cultural rights , published general comment 14 on the right to the highest attainable standard of health [ 40 ] .

As mentally disabled individuals are often not in a position to avail themselves of remedies , proactive monitoring and enforcement is also necessary .
as mentally disabled individuals are often not in a position to avail themselves of remedies , proactive [watching] and enforcement is also necessary .

This will bolster monitoring already underway in virtually every state , including postmortem examinations of game killed by hunters and by sharpshooters in mass culling operations .
this will bolster [watching] already underway in virtually every state , including postmortem examinations of game killed by hunters and by sharpshooters in mass culling operations .

Phase I procedures for the continuous therapy arm included the following : ( 1 ) patient monitoring if detected viremia was between 50 and 999 copies/ml , with the patient withdrawn if their viral load did not return to less than 50 copies/ml immediately prior to phase II , and ( 2 ) patient study withdrawal as therapy failure if during the 40-wk ART period viral load rebounded to more than 1,000 copies/ml at two consecutive time points .
phase i procedures for the continuous therapy arm included the following : ( 1 ) patient [watching] if detected viremia was between 50 and 999 copies/ml , with the patient withdrawn if their viral load did not return to less than 50 copies/ml immediately prior to phase ii , and ( 2 ) patient study withdrawal as therapy failure if during the 40-wk art period viral load rebounded to more than 1,000 copies/ml at two consecutive time points .

Phase II procedures for both arms included the following : ( 1 ) monitoring for patient study withdrawal criteria as described in phase I , ( 2 ) determining time to primary end point of a viral load greater than 5,000 copies/ml , ( 3 ) monitoring until the time of therapy reinitiation at a viral load greater than 30,000 copies/ml for three consecutive time points , and ( 4 ) after reinitiation of therapy , follow-up on therapy to confirm resuppression to less than 50 copies/ml at 6 , 10 , and 14 wk on therapy .
phase ii procedures for both arms included the following : ( 1 ) [watching] for patient study withdrawal criteria as described in phase i , ( 2 ) determining time to primary end point of a viral load greater than 5,000 copies/ml , ( 3 ) [watching] until the time of therapy reinitiation at a viral load greater than 30,000 copies/ml for three consecutive time points , and ( 4 ) after reinitiation of therapy , follow-up on therapy to confirm resuppression to less than 50 copies/ml at 6 , 10 , and 14 wk on therapy .

However , we do show that monitoring CD4 cell numbers by percentage could lead to misinterpreting a significant loss of CD4 cells as a result of a significant increase in CD8 count following TIs , even though absolute CD4 count numbers remained unchanged ( see Figure 4 ) .
however , we do show that [watching] cd4 cell numbers by percentage could lead to misinterpreting a significant loss of cd4 cells as a result of a significant increase in cd8 count following tis , even though absolute cd4 count numbers remained unchanged ( see figure 4 ) .

Two recently issued reports of the Council , “ Beyond Therapy : Biotechnology and the Pursuit of Happiness ” ( http : //bioethics.gov/reports/beyondtherapy/index.html ) and “ Monitoring Stem Cell Research ” ( http : //bioethics.gov/reports/stemcell/index.html ) , are therefore of deep concern to us .
two recently issued reports of the council , “ beyond therapy : biotechnology and the pursuit of happiness ” ( http : //bioethics.gov/reports/beyondtherapy/index.html ) and “ [watching] stem cell research ” ( http : //bioethics.gov/reports/stemcell/index.html ) , are therefore of deep concern to us .

Concerns about the “ Monitoring Stem Cell Research ” Report With respect to the “ Monitoring Stem Cell Research ” report , we feel that some facts that would help the public and scientists better assess the content of the report were not brought out clearly or were omitted entirely .
concerns about the “ [watching] stem cell research ” report with respect to the “ [watching] stem cell research ” report , we feel that some facts that would help the public and scientists better assess the content of the report were not brought out clearly or were omitted entirely .

That is where fisheries have adequate access to current monitoring programs .
that is where fisheries have adequate access to current [watching] programs .

Certainly , large-scale treatment efforts will demand close monitoring of adverse effects .
certainly , large-scale treatment efforts will demand close [watching] of adverse effects .

Three studies have systematically examined inflammatory markers following smoking : the MONICA Study ( Monitoring Trends and Determinants in Cardiovascular Disease ) [ 46 ] , the Cardiovascular Health Study ( CHS ) [ 48 ] , and the Northwick Park Heart Study [ 45 ] .
three studies have systematically examined inflammatory markers following smoking : the monica study ( [watching] trends and determinants in cardiovascular disease ) [ 46 ] , the cardiovascular health study ( chs ) [ 48 ] , and the northwick park heart study [ 45 ] .

For the patient , treatment is expensive and difficult , requiring strict attention to blood glucose monitoring , insulin dosing , diet , and exercise .
for the patient , treatment is expensive and difficult , requiring strict attention to blood glucose [watching] , insulin dosing , diet , and exercise .

In other , similar scenarios with no tolerance for error , NASA ( for instance ) sets up systems in which two independent monitoring systems must come up with similar measurements before an action is taken .
in other , similar scenarios with no tolerance for error , nasa ( for instance ) sets up systems in which two independent [watching] systems must come up with similar measurements before an action is taken .

The approach could provide important information for planning and monitoring anti-angiogenic therapies targeting this integrin and could reveal the involvement and role of this integrin in metastatic and angiogenic processes in various diseases .
the approach could provide important information for planning and [watching] anti-angiogenic therapies targeting this integrin and could reveal the involvement and role of this integrin in metastatic and angiogenic processes in various diseases .

The real challenges are delivering drugs in a safe and effective way , monitoring therapy , and sustaining the pipeline of drugs so that ongoing treatment can be guaranteed .
the real challenges are delivering drugs in a safe and effective way , [watching] therapy , and sustaining the pipeline of drugs so that ongoing treatment can be guaranteed .

Monitoring of behavioural trends has shown that condom use during the last sexual encounter as reported by female sex workers has markedly increased from 63 % in 1998 to 90 % in 2002 [ 28 ] .
[watching] of behavioural trends has shown that condom use during the last sexual encounter as reported by female sex workers has markedly increased from 63 % in 1998 to 90 % in 2002 [ 28 ] .

In particular , measurements of CD4 + T lymphocytes are essential for staging HIV-infected patients , determining their need for antiretroviral medications , and monitoring the course of their infection [ 3 ] .
in particular , measurements of cd4 + t lymphocytes are essential for staging hiv-infected patients , determining their need for antiretroviral medications , and [watching] the course of their infection [ 3 ] .

Higher CD4 count thresholds of 350 and 500 cells/Î¼l are also used to increase the intensity of monitoring .
higher cd4 count thresholds of 350 and 500 cells/î¼l are also used to increase the intensity of [watching] .

One important application of our method is in pediatric HIV monitoring .
one important application of our method is in pediatric hiv [watching] .

The method described here can deliver both absolute CD4 counts for adult monitoring , and CD4 percentages or CD4 : CD8 ratios for pediatric monitoring .
the method described here can deliver both absolute cd4 counts for adult [watching] , and cd4 percentages or cd4 : cd8 ratios for pediatric [watching] .

Although only six pediatric samples were available , limiting claims of statistical significance , we believe the issue of pediatric CD4 count monitoring to be of such importance that the data merited inclusion .
although only six pediatric samples were available , limiting claims of statistical significance , we believe the issue of pediatric cd4 count [watching] to be of such importance that the data merited inclusion .

The results presented here were obtained with a stationary , tabletop monitoring system using a standard epifluorescence microscope and commercial image processing software .
the results presented here were obtained with a stationary , tabletop [watching] system using a standard epifluorescence microscope and commercial image processing software .

When combined with an embedded microprocessor and disposable assay cartridges for both adult and pediatric monitoring manufactured from injection-molded plastic , it should be possible to create a functional CD4 counting device that can be used at the point of care .
when combined with an embedded microprocessor and disposable assay cartridges for both adult and pediatric [watching] manufactured from injection-molded plastic , it should be possible to create a functional cd4 counting device that can be used at the point of care .

Pediatric monitoring using CD4 percentages also remains largely unavailable .
pediatric [watching] using cd4 percentages also remains largely unavailable .

Sixth , both adult and pediatric monitoring are possible .
sixth , both adult and pediatric [watching] are possible .

Insulin and insulin-sensitizer combinations significantly improve hyperglycemia ; however , there is an increased incidence of heart failure reported with this combination , prompting close monitoring of patients for signs and symptoms of heart failure [ 27 ] .
insulin and insulin-sensitizer combinations significantly improve hyperglycemia ; however , there is an increased incidence of heart failure reported with this combination , prompting close [watching] of patients for signs and symptoms of heart failure [ 27 ] .

Scientists and national defenders can collaborate by supporting and doing open research on the optimal design of monitoring networks and mitigation strategies for all kinds of biological attacks ( Wein et al .
scientists and national defenders can collaborate by supporting and doing open research on the optimal design of [watching] networks and mitigation strategies for all kinds of biological attacks ( wein et al .

In particular , animal studies often have inappropriate controls , are underpowered , involve researchers monitoring outcomes who are not blinded to treatment allocation , or lack proper statistical analysis .
in particular , animal studies often have inappropriate controls , are underpowered , involve researchers [watching] outcomes who are not blinded to treatment allocation , or lack proper statistical analysis .

We must focus on the development of training , monitoring , and quality assurance systems that ensure that prevention and care are integrated whenever possible .
we must focus on the development of training , [watching] , and quality assurance systems that ensure that prevention and care are integrated whenever possible .

The emphasis has consequently shifted from clinical outcomes to monitoring a patient 's immune response .
the emphasis has consequently shifted from clinical outcomes to [watching] a patient 's immune response .

The recommended monitoring is based on annual rate of relapses , neurological deterioration , and evidence of disease activity on brain magnetic resonance imaging scans .
the recommended [watching] is based on annual rate of relapses , neurological deterioration , and evidence of disease activity on brain magnetic resonance imaging scans .

To further prove this notion will require a significant investment in large studies that prospectively test the utility of these signatures in guiding the management of MS. Only when direct evidence shows that therapy guided by markers expressed in PBMCs improves patient outcome will PBMC gene expression patterns take their place as biomarkers at the center stage of monitoring MS progression and response to therapy .
to further prove this notion will require a significant investment in large studies that prospectively test the utility of these signatures in guiding the management of ms. only when direct evidence shows that therapy guided by markers expressed in pbmcs improves patient outcome will pbmc gene expression patterns take their place as biomarkers at the center stage of [watching] ms progression and response to therapy .

The institution needs to assure the presence of an independent data safety monitoring board , thorough audits of good clinical practice , and a publications committee that will ensure submission of all meaningful study results , whether positive , negative , or neutral .
the institution needs to assure the presence of an independent data safety [watching] board , thorough audits of good clinical practice , and a publications committee that will ensure submission of all meaningful study results , whether positive , negative , or neutral .

It recommended urgent and substantial refinement and strengthening of institutional policies and practices for monitoring , managing , and—when necessary—extinguishing such conflicts .
it recommended urgent and substantial refinement and strengthening of institutional policies and practices for [watching] , managing , and—when necessary—extinguishing such conflicts .

As examples , clinical trials should have independent data safety monitoring boards charged to review the study design , execution , data analysis , and publication of results .
as examples , clinical trials should have independent data safety [watching] boards charged to review the study design , execution , data analysis , and publication of results .

Community representatives would need to be involved in the review and approval of such trials , and ethical standards would need to be established regarding , for example , the role of data safety and monitoring boards .
community representatives would need to be involved in the review and approval of such trials , and ethical standards would need to be established regarding , for example , the role of data safety and [watching] boards .

Barriers to adequate treatment of high-risk patients may stem from the patient ( e.g. , lack of drug adherence , concern about adverse effects , inadequate knowledge of their hyperlipidemia , and drug cost ) , the physician ( e.g. , lack of guideline awareness , failure to measure lipid levels , and overestimation of actual treatment ) , and the health-care system ( e.g. , lack of monitoring and follow-up and emphasis on acute medical problems ) [ 10 ] .
barriers to adequate treatment of high-risk patients may stem from the patient ( e.g. , lack of drug adherence , concern about adverse effects , inadequate knowledge of their hyperlipidemia , and drug cost ) , the physician ( e.g. , lack of guideline awareness , failure to measure lipid levels , and overestimation of actual treatment ) , and the health-care system ( e.g. , lack of [watching] and follow-up and emphasis on acute medical problems ) [ 10 ] .

DEFRA is monitoring the situation closely ( Figure 4 ) .
defra is [watching] the situation closely ( figure 4 ) .

Our brains seem to work through chemical and electrical circuits that first register bodily impressions -- whether presented from outside through the senses or internally from nerves monitoring the body or nerves monitoring the thought processes and memory .
our brains seem to work through chemical and electrical circuits that first register bodily impressions -- whether presented from outside through the senses or internally from nerves [watching] the body or nerves [watching] the thought processes and memory .

Big Brother ( the government 's version ) was looking over people 's shoulders : a staffer on the National Security Council was responsible for monitoring every anti-Vietnam war speech in the Congressional Record .
big brother ( the government 's version ) was looking over people 's shoulders : a staffer on the national security council was responsible for [watching] every anti-vietnam war speech in the congressional record .

In protesting Friday 's U.N. Security Council decision to keep sanctions on Iraq in place , Baghdad plans to end cooperation with the 100 plus international arms inspectors and shut down U.N. weapons monitoring operations immediately -- though some surveillance equipment may remain in place .
in protesting friday 's u.n. security council decision to keep sanctions on iraq in place , baghdad plans to end cooperation with the 100 plus international arms inspectors and shut down u.n. weapons [watching] operations immediately -- though some surveillance equipment may remain in place .

Iraq also wants to oust Richard Butler , the head of the U.N. weapons monitoring mission to Iraq .
iraq also wants to oust richard butler , the head of the u.n. weapons [watching] mission to iraq .

While the article explains that the excitable British press has gone ballistic over the NSA 's refusal to share the files ' contents , the real story is the NSA practice of monitoring electronic transmissions around the globe and screening them for targeted search terms like `` Saddam Hussein . ''
while the article explains that the excitable british press has gone ballistic over the nsa 's refusal to share the files ' contents , the real story is the nsa practice of [watching] electronic transmissions around the globe and screening them for targeted search terms like `` saddam hussein . ''

If the detail about the inspectors seems familiar , that 's because yesterday 's USAT and LAT said they 'd been agreed to , whereas yesterday 's NYT said merely that Milosevic appeared ready to accept a monitoring force .
if the detail about the inspectors seems familiar , that 's because yesterday 's usat and lat said they 'd been agreed to , whereas yesterday 's nyt said merely that milosevic appeared ready to accept a [watching] force .

The New York Times leads with the Clinton administration 's planning of an extensive FBI-run monitoring system for protecting government computers and those in the private sector from hackers .
the new york times leads with the clinton administration 's planning of an extensive fbi-run [watching] system for protecting government computers and those in the private sector from hackers .

The Times lead waits until the 11th paragraph to inform readers that the FBI computer monitoring system will be in place in 2003 .
the times lead waits until the 11th paragraph to inform readers that the fbi computer [watching] system will be in place in 2003 .

The Los Angeles Times cited a Holocaust historian 's warnings that ethnic slurs can lead to violence , and the director of the Anti-Defamation League blamed the FBI and the Justice Department for allowing civil liberties concerns to limit their monitoring of hate groups .
the los angeles times cited a holocaust historian 's warnings that ethnic slurs can lead to violence , and the director of the anti-defamation league blamed the fbi and the justice department for allowing civil liberties concerns to limit their [watching] of hate groups .

Nonviolent drug offenders can avoid prison sentences by undergoing treatment and monitoring .
nonviolent drug offenders can avoid prison sentences by undergoing treatment and [watching] .

Republicans said they voted against the treaty because it lacked adequate monitoring and enforcement mechanisms , would n't affect rogue states , and imposed too permanent a commitment on the United States to refrain from testing .
republicans said they voted against the treaty because it lacked adequate [watching] and enforcement mechanisms , would n't affect rogue states , and imposed too permanent a commitment on the united states to refrain from testing .

Civil libertarians warned the New York Times that the monitoring could be misused for spying on or hacking into private networks .
civil libertarians warned the new york times that the [watching] could be misused for spying on or hacking into private networks .

The New York Times calls the sect harmless and warns China against `` returning to the ideological monitoring and indoctrination methods of the past . ''
the new york times calls the sect harmless and warns china against `` returning to the ideological [watching] and indoctrination methods of the past . ''

Microsoft is monitoring selected families for weeks to learn their hardware habits .
microsoft is [watching] selected families for weeks to learn their hardware habits .

An FAA radar monitoring system designed to prevent airplanes from colliding with each other on the ground may not be installed until 2002 -- ten years behind schedule , the WP reports .
an faa radar [watching] system designed to prevent airplanes from colliding with each other on the ground may not be installed until 2002 -- ten years behind schedule , the wp reports .

Weisberg further implies that there 's something wrong with Jackson 's Operation Push negotiating agreements with corporations that included monitoring arrangements .
weisberg further implies that there 's something wrong with jackson 's operation push negotiating agreements with corporations that included [watching] arrangements .

Actor Charlie Sheen 's latest accessory is an electronic monitoring device , and he was ordered by a Malibu court to enter drug treatment , according to the Associated Press .
actor charlie sheen 's latest accessory is an electronic [watching] device , and he was ordered by a malibu court to enter drug treatment , according to the associated press .

The Labor Department responds that it is not to blame for the sloppy way in which Congress , seeking to soften union opposition to NAFTA in 1993 , drafted the NAFTA monitoring rules .
the labor department responds that it is not to blame for the sloppy way in which congress , seeking to soften union opposition to nafta in 1993 , drafted the nafta [watching] rules .

All sorts of industries are important to national prosperity , yet the federal government does n't take on the responsibility of monitoring and adjusting the flow of workers into each one .
all sorts of industries are important to national prosperity , yet the federal government does n't take on the responsibility of [watching] and adjusting the flow of workers into each one .

The endless `` mood monitoring '' of the people and their president has revealed a `` swirl of conflicting feelings , '' but the end product is the `` [ s ] ame as it was when the whole thing started : Mr. Clinton remains the President and the citizens remain guardedly content to keep him there . ''
the endless `` mood [watching] '' of the people and their president has revealed a `` swirl of conflicting feelings , '' but the end product is the `` [ s ] ame as it was when the whole thing started : mr. clinton remains the president and the citizens remain guardedly content to keep him there . ''

Tuesday , Britain 's Financial Times presaged the latest Iraqi brouhaha with a brief account of Iraq 's objections to the current weapons monitoring program .
tuesday , britain 's financial times presaged the latest iraqi brouhaha with a brief account of iraq 's objections to the current weapons [watching] program .

The FBI , who had been monitoring this woman based on spotty information from East German intelligence files , intercepted the letter and forged a reply inviting her to spy for South Africa .
the fbi , who had been [watching] this woman based on spotty information from east german intelligence files , intercepted the letter and forged a reply inviting her to spy for south africa .

The NYT reports that a surprising witness appeared before a NYC City Council hearing on police reform : former NYPD whistleblowing cop Frank Serpico , who called for an independent police monitoring board to investigate police wrongdoing and `` create an atmosphere where the crooked cop fears the honest cop , and not the other way around . ''
the nyt reports that a surprising witness appeared before a nyc city council hearing on police reform : former nypd whistleblowing cop frank serpico , who called for an independent police [watching] board to investigate police wrongdoing and `` create an atmosphere where the crooked cop fears the honest cop , and not the other way around . ''

Harking back to a time when there was a human element in the production process , the spot consists largely of industrial-film-style footage of a female worker monitoring bottles of beer as they go by on the belt .
harking back to a time when there was a human element in the production process , the spot consists largely of industrial-film-style footage of a female worker [watching] bottles of beer as they go by on the belt .

The LAT leads with the U.S. stating that finally , Iraq has really been cooperating with U.N. weapons monitoring efforts .
the lat leads with the u.s. stating that finally , iraq has really been cooperating with u.n. weapons [watching] efforts .

The Post and LAT report that Rep. Jay Kim , who pleaded guilty to knowingly accepting $ 230,000 in illegal foreign and corporate campaign contributions , was sentenced yesterday to a year of probation , a $ 5,000 fine and two months of home confinement , to be implemented by an electronic monitoring device .
the post and lat report that rep. jay kim , who pleaded guilty to knowingly accepting $ 230,000 in illegal foreign and corporate campaign contributions , was sentenced yesterday to a year of probation , a $ 5,000 fine and two months of home confinement , to be implemented by an electronic [watching] device .

Last Friday , the Surface Transportation Board declared `` a transportation emergency in the West , '' while the FRA announced that it would step up its monitoring of crew fatigue and track safety .
last friday , the surface transportation board declared `` a transportation emergency in the west , '' while the fra announced that it would step up its [watching] of crew fatigue and track safety .

Mothers also live too far from doctors to get therapy early in pregnancy and to keep up with necessary monitoring .
mothers also live too far from doctors to get therapy early in pregnancy and to keep up with necessary [watching] .

The low-level embassy official was allegedly caught monitoring a listening device planted inside the State Department .
the low-level embassy official was allegedly caught [watching] a listening device planted inside the state department .

Citizens , even in the remotest hamlets , could readily communicate with one another , monitoring the doings of Congress , and state and local governments .
citizens , even in the remotest hamlets , could readily communicate with one another , [watching] the doings of congress , and state and local governments .

Hundreds of social groups are actively involved in voter education and election monitoring , an unprecedented mobilisation of civil society . ''
hundreds of social groups are actively involved in voter education and election [watching] , an unprecedented mobilisation of civil society . ''

I know this because my bidding strategy , which would appear insane to any casual but thoughtful observer , makes sense only in the presence of a compulsion to spend as much time as possible monitoring my auctions .
i know this because my bidding strategy , which would appear insane to any casual but thoughtful observer , makes sense only in the presence of a compulsion to spend as much time as possible [watching] my auctions .

He describes Muslims on a flight from Bahrain using the plane 's global positioning system to pray toward Mecca , Kuwaiti feminists in veils and on the Internet , Kayapo Indians in a hut in the Brazilian rain forest watching soccer and monitoring the value of their gold-extraction rights on a satellite TV .
he describes muslims on a flight from bahrain using the plane 's global positioning system to pray toward mecca , kuwaiti feminists in veils and on the internet , kayapo indians in a hut in the brazilian rain forest watching soccer and [watching] the value of their gold-extraction rights on a satellite tv .

Editorialists and politicians continued to debate whether to blame the massacre on 1 ) guns ; 2 ) violence in the media ; 3 ) secularism and cultural decline ; or 4 ) inadequate monitoring and counseling of troubled students .
editorialists and politicians continued to debate whether to blame the massacre on 1 ) guns ; 2 ) violence in the media ; 3 ) secularism and cultural decline ; or 4 ) inadequate [watching] and counseling of troubled students .

An Israeli scientist has developed an Internet monitoring program that tracks a user 's actions on the Net .
an israeli scientist has developed an internet [watching] program that tracks a user 's actions on the net .

During the recent standoff , Iraq tampered with monitoring equipment , and the fear is that the Iraqis will use this window to create a cache of chemical weapons .
during the recent standoff , iraq tampered with [watching] equipment , and the fear is that the iraqis will use this window to create a cache of chemical weapons .

A summary of the 1995 Monitoring the Future Studyon teen-age drug use is on the Web , as is the 1994 Household Survey on Drug Abuse.You also can download the text of President Clinton 's 1996 National Drug Control Strategy .
a summary of the 1995 [watching] the future studyon teen-age drug use is on the web , as is the 1994 household survey on drug abuse.you also can download the text of president clinton 's 1996 national drug control strategy .

According to FBI files obtained by Hersh , agents monitoring her home saw two men break in via the fire escape .
according to fbi files obtained by hersh , agents [watching] her home saw two men break in via the fire escape .

An AP story inside the WP reports that Western monitoring forces will continue to saturate the area in order to prevent more fighting .
an ap story inside the wp reports that western [watching] forces will continue to saturate the area in order to prevent more fighting .

The first casualties from the international monitoring mission in Kosovo get inside coverage all around .
the first casualties from the international [watching] mission in kosovo get inside coverage all around .

The LAT reports that the congressional bad air news about L.A. will probably spur the EPA to establish a nationwide network for monitoring cancer-causing pollutants in the air .
the lat reports that the congressional bad air news about l.a. will probably spur the epa to establish a nationwide network for [watching] cancer-causing pollutants in the air .

While the other two papers report on the killing , the Times devotes a large chunk of its story to fretting over whether Richard Holbrooke will be involved in the monitoring effort .
while the other two papers report on the killing , the times devotes a large chunk of its story to fretting over whether richard holbrooke will be involved in the [watching] effort .

Despite any general Y2K calming , a Wall Street Journal front-pager notes a dawning realization among technology workers : come next New Year 's Eve , many of them will be not at parties , but at work monitoring their computers ' Y2K performance .
despite any general y2k calming , a wall street journal front-pager notes a dawning realization among technology workers : come next new year 's eve , many of them will be not at parties , but at work [watching] their computers ' y2k performance .

The New York Times pointedly reminds its readers that NATO 's last threats of air strikes were scrapped for last-minute negotiations , which merely won admittance of an unarmed monitoring team ( a far cry from military withdrawal ) .
the new york times pointedly reminds its readers that nato 's last threats of air strikes were scrapped for last-minute negotiations , which merely won admittance of an unarmed [watching] team ( a far cry from military withdrawal ) .

Finally , last fall Trulock secretly shared his findings with a bipartisan congressional panel monitoring the U.S.-China security situation .
finally , last fall trulock secretly shared his findings with a bipartisan congressional panel [watching] the u.s.-china security situation .

The papers mention that a security camera at the Tanzania embassy might have been pointing right at the bomb site by the building 's front gate , but all but USAT also mention that it is not known if the camera was recording to video or just monitoring .
the papers mention that a security camera at the tanzania embassy might have been pointing right at the bomb site by the building 's front gate , but all but usat also mention that it is not known if the camera was recording to video or just [watching] .

The LAT lead raises concerns about the Pentagon 's monitoring of satellite exports to China .
the lat lead raises concerns about the pentagon 's [watching] of satellite exports to china .

The WP business section runs a story about how , with fears about newborn switching and snatching on the rise , high-tech infant monitoring systems are being put in place in hospitals nationwide .
the wp business section runs a story about how , with fears about newborn switching and snatching on the rise , high-tech infant [watching] systems are being put in place in hospitals nationwide .

One U.S. official notes that while war might divert the countries ' resources away from funding international terrorism , it would also hamper their monitoring of domestic terrorist groups .
one u.s. official notes that while war might divert the countries ' resources away from funding international terrorism , it would also hamper their [watching] of domestic terrorist groups .

Perhaps cost-cutting ( which the BBC , for example , seems to regard as one of its main functions these days ) has led to cornercutting -- before , during , and after the recording session : less run-through time , less editorial monitoring , less post-production checking and polishing .
perhaps cost-cutting ( which the bbc , for example , seems to regard as one of its main functions these days ) has led to cornercutting -- before , during , and after the recording session : less run-through time , less editorial [watching] , less post-production checking and polishing .

This is all the more astonishing when one considers that the publishers maintain full-time staffs of skilled lexicographers and editors to keep their dictionaries up to date by continuously monitoring both the language and other kinds of data , like population figures for geopolitical entries , death dates for biographical entries , etc .
this is all the more astonishing when one considers that the publishers maintain full-time staffs of skilled lexicographers and editors to keep their dictionaries up to date by continuously [watching] both the language and other kinds of data , like population figures for geopolitical entries , death dates for biographical entries , etc .

