Moreover , he said , many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs .
[also] , he said , many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs .

Moreover , an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the U. S. was not inflexible and was sparing no effort to ease international tensions .
[also] , an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the u. s. was not inflexible and was sparing no effort to ease international tensions .

Moreover , Moscow appeared determined to apply the tripartite veto principle to the executive organs of all international bodies , including the U. N. Secretariat and the International Control Commission for Laos .
[also] , moscow appeared determined to apply the tripartite veto principle to the executive organs of all international bodies , including the u. n. secretariat and the international control commission for laos .

Moreover , the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments .
[also] , the president is meeting the soviet leader at a time when the administration has still not decided on the scope of america's firm foreign policy commitments .

Moreover , Col. Faget's information on Cuba was too outdated to be useful in `` screening '' Castro agents ; ;
[also] , col. faget's information on cuba was too outdated to be useful in `` screening '' castro agents ; ;

Moreover , the entire state Democratic hierarchy , from Gov. Brown on down to the county chairmen , also participates in this huge operation .
[also] , the entire state democratic hierarchy , from gov. brown on down to the county chairmen , also participates in this huge operation .

It is being fought , moreover , in fairly close correspondence with the predictions of the soothsayers of the think factories .
it is being fought , [also] , in fairly close correspondence with the predictions of the soothsayers of the think factories .

He has , moreover , another qualification which augurs well for the future .
he has , [also] , another qualification which augurs well for the future .

Moreover , the salubrious effects would not be exclusively political , but at least partially , and perhaps primarily social .
[also] , the salubrious effects would not be exclusively political , but at least partially , and perhaps primarily social .

The United States was engaged in a military attack on a peaceful , orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-Western and anti-Communist within any of the new nations -- the only place in Africa , moreover , where a productive relationship between whites and blacks had apparently been achieved .
the united states was engaged in a military attack on a peaceful , orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-western and anti-communist within any of the new nations -- the only place in africa , [also] , where a productive relationship between whites and blacks had apparently been achieved .

Was it the party's intention , for example , to abolish gradually the kolkhoz system and replace it by uniformly wage-earning kolkhozes , i.e. , state farms ( which were , moreover , to be progressively `` urbanized '' ) ? ?
was it the party's intention , for example , to abolish gradually the kolkhoz system and replace it by uniformly wage-earning kolkhozes , i.e. , state farms ( which were , [also] , to be progressively `` urbanized '' ) ? ?

Moreover , her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills .
[also] , her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills .

Moreover , for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs .
[also] , for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs .

Moreover , the piece is written in five movements , rather than the conventional four of most quintets , and this gives the opus a serenade or divertimento flavor .
[also] , the piece is written in five movements , rather than the conventional four of most quintets , and this gives the opus a serenade or divertimento flavor .

It is , moreover , a perfectly integrated ensemble effort .
it is , [also] , a perfectly integrated ensemble effort .

Moreover , the larger and more aggressive mass distribution outlets and chain stores have insisted on high quality -- and the customer seems to have caught on .
[also] , the larger and more aggressive mass distribution outlets and chain stores have insisted on high quality -- and the customer seems to have caught on .

Moreover , the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide .
[also] , the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide .

Moreover , her husband and child contracted T.B. from her .
[also] , her husband and child contracted t.b. from her .

Moreover , man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception .
[also] , man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by god , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception .

Moreover , as Communist power increases , the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote .
[also] , as communist power increases , the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world diminishes pro rata and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote .

The Soviets understand , moreover , that the first step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West .
the soviets understand , [also] , that the first step in turning a country toward communism is to turn it against the west .

Moreover , she had physical as well as mental vigor .
[also] , she had physical as well as mental vigor .

Moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature .
[also] , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature .

moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; ;
[also] , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive ; ;

Moreover , prudence alone would indicate that , unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed , the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs , leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company , or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as , for that matter , the Quakers , who once had many meetings in the pre-Civil War South , largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue , never to recover a large number of southern adherents ) .
[also] , prudence alone would indicate that , unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed , the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs , leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company , or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as , for that matter , the quakers , who once had many meetings in the pre-civil war south , largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue , never to recover a large number of southern adherents ) .

The Bourbon economic philosophy , moreover , is not very different from that of Northern conservatives .
the bourbon economic philosophy , [also] , is not very different from that of northern conservatives .

Within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied .
within their confines , [also] , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied .

Many of them , moreover , are beginning to complain about the scarcity of Western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant , the mullah , and the peasant .
many of them , [also] , are beginning to complain about the scarcity of western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant , the mullah , and the peasant .

Moreover , the law of the land is not irrevocable ; ;
[also] , the law of the land is not irrevocable ; ;

moreover , it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two .
[also] , it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two .

Moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920s , the dislocations of the Depression , the common ethos of Materialism everywhere , all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced Mike Fink and the Great Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little People .
[also] the centralization of our economy during the 1920s , the dislocations of the depression , the common ethos of materialism everywhere , all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced mike fink and the great gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the little people .

Moreover its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order , once the activation of change has reached visible proportions .
[also] its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order , once the activation of change has reached visible proportions .

Moreover , he organized the movement of his forms , within his rigorously shaped space , into highly complex equilibriums ; ;
[also] , he organized the movement of his forms , within his rigorously shaped space , into highly complex equilibriums ; ;

Such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is following a long-established literary precedent .
such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works faulkner is recording actuality in the south and [also] is following a long-established literary precedent .

Moreover , the sun's path over earth described a segment of a great circle ; ;
[also] , the sun's path over earth described a segment of a great circle ; ;

I do not suppose you ever heard of F. Scott Fitzgerald , living or dead , and moreover I do not suppose that , even if you had , his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval .
i do not suppose you ever heard of f. scott fitzgerald , living or dead , and [also] i do not suppose that , even if you had , his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval .

Moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady .
[also] , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady .

Moreover , progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned ; ;
[also] , progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned ; ;

This year , moreover , growing numbers of nuclear powered submarines will enter our active forces , some to be armed with Polaris missiles .
this year , [also] , growing numbers of nuclear powered submarines will enter our active forces , some to be armed with polaris missiles .

Moreover , I have directed that steps be taken to program on a longer range basis our military assistance to these allies .
[also] , i have directed that steps be taken to program on a longer range basis our military assistance to these allies .

Moreover , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking ; ;
[also] , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking ; ;

Poets , moreover , dwell on human passions .
poets , [also] , dwell on human passions .

Moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances .
[also] , they have done so in rather special circumstances .

Moreover , he rejects the contemporary accounts of Englishmen , casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because `` the opinions of Englishmen are of no great value '' .
[also] , he rejects the contemporary accounts of englishmen , casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because `` the opinions of englishmen are of no great value '' .

Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' .
[also] , stated day , `` he always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' .

Moreover , he believed that most professional historians lacked some of the essential instruments for a proper study of history .
[also] , he believed that most professional historians lacked some of the essential instruments for a proper study of history .

Moreover , he had spent six months on the Galapagos islands , among the great turtles that Captain Cook had found there , and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West Indies .
[also] , he had spent six months on the galapagos islands , among the great turtles that captain cook had found there , and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the west indies .

Moreover , tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates anti-American sentiment of a kind peculiarly damaging to our political interest .
[also] , tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates anti-american sentiment of a kind peculiarly damaging to our political interest .

Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence .
[also] , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence .

Moreover , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt .
[also] , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt .

Moreover , it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ;
[also] , it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ;

Moreover , the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the Attorney General and , of course , is not the recommendation of the Department .
[also] , the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental , is directed to the attorney general and , of course , is not the recommendation of the department .

Moreover , his testimony at trial never developed any such facts .
[also] , his testimony at trial never developed any such facts .

Moreover , it will be asymmetric until a certain critical Af distance is reached , below which it will become symmetric .
[also] , it will be asymmetric until a certain critical af distance is reached , below which it will become symmetric .

An aerosol of such small particles , moreover , diffuses through structures in much the same manner as a gas .
an aerosol of such small particles , [also] , diffuses through structures in much the same manner as a gas .

Moreover , it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable .
[also] , it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable .

Biological agents are , moreover , suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense .
biological agents are , [also] , suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense .

Moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors P. J. , D. A. , and J. F. , Fig. 1 ) .
[also] , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors p. j. , d. a. , and j. f. , fig. 1 ) .

Moreover , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions .
[also] , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions .

Moreover , the dominance in parasympathetic action ( with reciprocal inhibition of the sympathetic ) at the hypothalamic level induces , by its peripheral action , the autonomic symptoms of sleep and , by its action on the cortex , a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the somatic nervous system .
[also] , the dominance in parasympathetic action ( with reciprocal inhibition of the sympathetic ) at the hypothalamic level induces , by its peripheral action , the autonomic symptoms of sleep and , by its action on the cortex , a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the somatic nervous system .

Moreover , from the definitive transformation of intercepts on the generators of Af , it is clear that the only points of Q at which a line can meet its image are the points of Aj .
[also] , from the definitive transformation of intercepts on the generators of af , it is clear that the only points of q at which a line can meet its image are the points of aj .

Moreover , if Af and Af are two planes intersecting in a line l , tangent to Q at a point P , the two free intersections of the image curves Af and Af must coincide at P' , the image of P , and at this point Af and Af must have a common tangent l' .
[also] , if af and af are two planes intersecting in a line l , tangent to q at a point p , the two free intersections of the image curves af and af must coincide at p' , the image of p , and at this point af and af must have a common tangent l' .

Hence , thought of as a line in a particular plane **yp , any tangent to Q has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through L .
hence , thought of as a line in a particular plane **yp , any tangent to q has a unique image and [also] this image is the same for all planes through l .

Moreover , C' obviously meets any line Af in a single point .
[also] , c' obviously meets any line af in a single point .

Moreover , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order Af , namely the cone of secants of **zg which pass through P .
[also] , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order af , namely the cone of secants of **zg which pass through p .

Moreover , if Af , no two of the multiple secants can intersect .
[also] , if af , no two of the multiple secants can intersect .

Moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people .
[also] , the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people .

Moreover , when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed , the Kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the Kohnstamm situation .
[also] , when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed , the kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the kohnstamm situation .

Moreover , the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary .
[also] , the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary .

Moreover , the taunt concerning the `` sophisticated '' echelon and its alleged erudition is put to test during every campaign , and accrues only upon results ; ;
[also] , the taunt concerning the `` sophisticated '' echelon and its alleged erudition is put to test during every campaign , and accrues only upon results ; ;

Moreover , the trend of general business activity in 1961 will exert a decisive influence on fiscal , monetary , and other Federal policies which affect interest rates .
[also] , the trend of general business activity in 1961 will exert a decisive influence on fiscal , monetary , and other federal policies which affect interest rates .

It seems likely , moreover , that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier downpayment and amortization terms .
it seems likely , [also] , that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier downpayment and amortization terms .

Moreover , it is likely that Federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country , to keep ahead of the Communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs , will lead to rising Federal spending in certain areas such as education , housing , medical aid , and the like .
[also] , it is likely that federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country , to keep ahead of the communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs , will lead to rising federal spending in certain areas such as education , housing , medical aid , and the like .

Moreover , these conditions do not influence all children in the same manner .
[also] , these conditions do not influence all children in the same manner .

Moreover , whereas in Interstate Commerce Commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .
[also] , whereas in interstate commerce commission parlance `` variable cost '' means a cost deemed to vary in direct proportion to changes in rate of output , in the type of analysis now under review `` variable cost '' has been used more broadly , so as to cover costs which , while a function of some one variable ( such as output of energy , or number of customers ) , are not necessarily a linear function .

Moreover , it is too readily forgotten that in the Republic what gave the initial impetus to Plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ;
[also] , it is too readily forgotten that in the republic what gave the initial impetus to plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ;

and moreover , he had already begun to broaden and simplify the facet-planes of Analytical Cubism as far back as the end of 1910 .
and [also] , he had already begun to broaden and simplify the facet-planes of analytical cubism as far back as the end of 1910 .

Depicted , Cubist flatness is now almost completely assimilated to the literal , undepicted kind , but at the same time it reacts upon and largely transforms the undepicted kind -- and it does so , moreover , without depriving the latter of its literalness ; ;
depicted , cubist flatness is now almost completely assimilated to the literal , undepicted kind , but at the same time it reacts upon and largely transforms the undepicted kind -- and it does so , [also] , without depriving the latter of its literalness ; ;

Moreover , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to discover .
[also] , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to discover .

Moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his .
[also] , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length brumidi allowed for each one of his .

Moreover , the conclusions he draws from the findings are not always the only ones possible .
[also] , the conclusions he draws from the findings are not always the only ones possible .

Moreover , the nutritive value of irradiated foods apparently undergoes little , if any , change , although some of the fat-soluble vitamins are affected by sterilization doses .
[also] , the nutritive value of irradiated foods apparently undergoes little , if any , change , although some of the fat-soluble vitamins are affected by sterilization doses .

Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages .
[also] , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all r stages .

Moreover , I'd have lost him if it hadn't been for the electronic shadowing device .
[also] , i'd have lost him if it hadn't been for the electronic shadowing device .

Moreover , even getting this across would be difficult .
[also] , even getting this across would be difficult .

Moreover , as long as the weapon was carried openly , the sheriff's office had made no previous issue of it .
[also] , as long as the weapon was carried openly , the sheriff's office had made no previous issue of it .

Moreover , runaway slaves frequently got into serious trouble in New Orleans' dives .
[also] , runaway slaves frequently got into serious trouble in new orleans' dives .

Moreover , nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt , then her mother , then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses ( everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick ) , Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot .
[also] , nursing various stubblefields -- her aunt , then her mother , then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses ( everybody could tell you the stubblefields were always sick ) , theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot .

He said yesterday : ‘ The message is : do n't blame us and , moreover , if you thought what we were doing was right , give us some backing .
he said yesterday : ‘ the message is : do n't blame us and , [also] , if you thought what we were doing was right , give us some backing .

Moreover , traditionally lower-priced towns such as Newton Aycliffe and Crook are faring better than higher-priced Darlington and Durham .
[also] , traditionally lower-priced towns such as newton aycliffe and crook are faring better than higher-priced darlington and durham .

Moreover , the Scottish Labour leader , Tom Clarke , stated he would support future events even if the Scottish National Party was also involved .
[also] , the scottish labour leader , tom clarke , stated he would support future events even if the scottish national party was also involved .

‘ Moreover , the argument that a custodial institution is inevitably a university of crime depends very much on the regime there and the allocation of inmates .
‘ [also] , the argument that a custodial institution is inevitably a university of crime depends very much on the regime there and the allocation of inmates .

Moreover , there is nothing in the 152-page report to satisfy the Opposition , industry or the few remaining Tory rebels that the Government has come out of the review with a national energy policy .
[also] , there is nothing in the 152-page report to satisfy the opposition , industry or the few remaining tory rebels that the government has come out of the review with a national energy policy .

Moreover , as things stand , contracting out is not a once and for all decision .
[also] , as things stand , contracting out is not a once and for all decision .

Moreover , where a pension fund is in surplus it may be able to absorb the impact of this change in dividend credits .
[also] , where a pension fund is in surplus it may be able to absorb the impact of this change in dividend credits .

Moreover , such comment is liable to prove all the more harmful after a Calcutta Cup in which — for all the criticism that the scrum-half should have fed his backs more — Morris so tellingly demonstrated with Stuart Barnes the value under the current laws of having two half-backs , each of whom poses a very real threat in his own right .
[also] , such comment is liable to prove all the more harmful after a calcutta cup in which — for all the criticism that the scrum-half should have fed his backs more — morris so tellingly demonstrated with stuart barnes the value under the current laws of having two half-backs , each of whom poses a very real threat in his own right .

Moreover , changes in the way that tickets are distributed for big rugby matches at Twickenham appear to have led to an increase in the number of rowdies .
[also] , changes in the way that tickets are distributed for big rugby matches at twickenham appear to have led to an increase in the number of rowdies .

Moreover , Celtic have only conceded two goals during their most consistent spell of the season .
[also] , celtic have only conceded two goals during their most consistent spell of the season .

Moreover , according to David Johnston , the Gloucester captain was still knocking 'em back in the tackle in Australia last summer on Scotland 's short tour .
[also] , according to david johnston , the gloucester captain was still knocking 'em back in the tackle in australia last summer on scotland 's short tour .

Moreover , there is at least a possibility that local authorities will house them and their rent will be paid under housing costs .
[also] , there is at least a possibility that local authorities will house them and their rent will be paid under housing costs .

Moreover , the commercial approach now evident suggests that this is merely a first step towards privatisation .
[also] , the commercial approach now evident suggests that this is merely a first step towards privatisation .

Moreover , a certain prominent Liberal Democrat candidate in both elections found energy to spare for some strenuous Christian Aid , thus earning the gratitude and admiration of his fellow church members .
[also] , a certain prominent liberal democrat candidate in both elections found energy to spare for some strenuous christian aid , thus earning the gratitude and admiration of his fellow church members .

Moreover , he was recently married to Earl William 's sister , which gave him a family claim to an interest in the children and their estates .
[also] , he was recently married to earl william 's sister , which gave him a family claim to an interest in the children and their estates .

Moreover you think , as does the justiciar himself , in terms of England , and like him you see no advantage in clinging to old and now artificial connections with territories on the mainland of France .
[also] you think , as does the justiciar himself , in terms of england , and like him you see no advantage in clinging to old and now artificial connections with territories on the mainland of france .

Moreover he was perversely drawn to a man so apt to be hated .
[also] he was perversely drawn to a man so apt to be hated .

Moreover , the scope for advertising is limited , as they are prohibited by the Companies Act to advertise their own shares for sale ( as are all quoted companies ) .
[also] , the scope for advertising is limited , as they are prohibited by the companies act to advertise their own shares for sale ( as are all quoted companies ) .

Rules governing investor protection seek to ensure that the investing public is not subjected to fraudulent or manipulative practices and , moreover , that they are given sound advice by competent professionals .
rules governing investor protection seek to ensure that the investing public is not subjected to fraudulent or manipulative practices and , [also] , that they are given sound advice by competent professionals .

Moreover , the ‘ transition to democracy ’ has occurred at exactly the time when the international economic crisis was making its presence felt with greatest intensity .
[also] , the ‘ transition to democracy ’ has occurred at exactly the time when the international economic crisis was making its presence felt with greatest intensity .

Its interest in maintaining ‘ sheer physical order and political peace ’ ( 30 ) may lead it to act against existing economic interests and class structure ; moreover , its involvement with other states is a basis for potential autonomy of action over and against groups and economic arrangements within its jurisdiction .
its interest in maintaining ‘ sheer physical order and political peace ’ ( 30 ) may lead it to act against existing economic interests and class structure ; [also] , its involvement with other states is a basis for potential autonomy of action over and against groups and economic arrangements within its jurisdiction .

Moreover , they fluctuate in their supposed order of priority , not merely from Government to Government , nor even from year to year , but almost from day to day at the whim of public and parliamentary opinion .
[also] , they fluctuate in their supposed order of priority , not merely from government to government , nor even from year to year , but almost from day to day at the whim of public and parliamentary opinion .

Moreover , the ability of state enterprises to maximize business objectives depends on the nature of the political pressures on them , and indeed , a greater ‘ business ’ rather than ‘ political ’ orientation ( Zif 1981 ) may flow from clear directives of the political authorities ; in other words the dominant political objective may be for the enterprise to behave in a ‘ commercial ’ manner , so that the maximization of business objectives may be a reflection of greater dependence on political authorities .
[also] , the ability of state enterprises to maximize business objectives depends on the nature of the political pressures on them , and indeed , a greater ‘ business ’ rather than ‘ political ’ orientation ( zif 1981 ) may flow from clear directives of the political authorities ; in other words the dominant political objective may be for the enterprise to behave in a ‘ commercial ’ manner , so that the maximization of business objectives may be a reflection of greater dependence on political authorities .

Moreover , many actual nationalizations were indeed objectively functional for the restructuring of parts of the economy ‘ no longer organised as capital ’ as Fine and O'Donnell ( 1981 ) put it ; and the British Conservatives only attempted to reverse the post-war Labour government 's efforts ‘ where we believed that a measure of nationalisation was a real hindrance to our island life ( Winston Churchill , cited in Weiner 1960 : 80 ) .
[also] , many actual nationalizations were indeed objectively functional for the restructuring of parts of the economy ‘ no longer organised as capital ’ as fine and o'donnell ( 1981 ) put it ; and the british conservatives only attempted to reverse the post-war labour government 's efforts ‘ where we believed that a measure of nationalisation was a real hindrance to our island life ( winston churchill , cited in weiner 1960 : 80 ) .

Moreover , the railways in both countries have served as instruments of broader macroeconomic goals such as price and wage control , employment stability and the health of the supplier industries .
[also] , the railways in both countries have served as instruments of broader macroeconomic goals such as price and wage control , employment stability and the health of the supplier industries .

Moreover , figures of this sort understate the pace of development .
[also] , figures of this sort understate the pace of development .

Moreover , capacity utilization was considerably lower when the previous upswing had begun than it was at the start of the mini-boom of 1972–3 .
[also] , capacity utilization was considerably lower when the previous upswing had begun than it was at the start of the mini-boom of 1972–3 .

Moreover , it was the acceleration of food prices — largely as a result of developments in the grain market — which , of any ( non-oil ) commodity price rise had the greatest overall effect on inflation .
[also] , it was the acceleration of food prices — largely as a result of developments in the grain market — which , of any ( non-oil ) commodity price rise had the greatest overall effect on inflation .

Moreover , Miss Kid states that there will be a new pool built in close proximity to the William Roberts Centre , despite the fact that the council have told us the there is no money for a new pool .
[also] , miss kid states that there will be a new pool built in close proximity to the william roberts centre , despite the fact that the council have told us the there is no money for a new pool .

Moreover , at 29 , Rosenthal , who looks set to miss tomorrow 's World Cup qualifier in Helsinki due to thigh trouble , still wants to play top grade football .
[also] , at 29 , rosenthal , who looks set to miss tomorrow 's world cup qualifier in helsinki due to thigh trouble , still wants to play top grade football .

Moreover they will tend to be Catholics from just the sort of background the universities here have for years wished to see represented more adequately among students .
[also] they will tend to be catholics from just the sort of background the universities here have for years wished to see represented more adequately among students .

Moreover , Sir Ralph had been a soldier and Geoffrey was not , at first glance , the sort of man likely to be welcomed into such a family .
[also] , sir ralph had been a soldier and geoffrey was not , at first glance , the sort of man likely to be welcomed into such a family .

Moreover , have you noticed how each , apart from the chaplain , has someone to confirm their tale ?
[also] , have you noticed how each , apart from the chaplain , has someone to confirm their tale ?

Moreover , Vincentius admitted he had been educated in the area around the Middle Sea where Sir Ralph and the others had also served .
[also] , vincentius admitted he had been educated in the area around the middle sea where sir ralph and the others had also served .

Moreover , ’ he continued , ‘ perhaps it may give you some time to reflect on the Lady Maude .
[also] , ’ he continued , ‘ perhaps it may give you some time to reflect on the lady maude .

Moreover , since the inclusion of items whose delivery was not straightforward , and of items delivered to reserve ( the latter being given lower priority than direct deliveries to readers ) would distort the results , in all categories the delivery times only of straightforward deliveries to readers are discussed .
[also] , since the inclusion of items whose delivery was not straightforward , and of items delivered to reserve ( the latter being given lower priority than direct deliveries to readers ) would distort the results , in all categories the delivery times only of straightforward deliveries to readers are discussed .

It should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present Call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .
it should be noted , [also] , that the ability of the present call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .

Moreover , although the overall proportion of 20th Century publications requiring repair was low , because so many modern publications were issued to readers , the total number of 20th Century publications requiring repair was high ( accounting for 42 % of all defective issues ) , and almost matched the number of defective 19th Century items recorded ( 50 % of all defective issues ) .
[also] , although the overall proportion of 20th century publications requiring repair was low , because so many modern publications were issued to readers , the total number of 20th century publications requiring repair was high ( accounting for 42 % of all defective issues ) , and almost matched the number of defective 19th century items recorded ( 50 % of all defective issues ) .

Moreover , newspapers were in a greater state of disrepair than other publications , with 18 % being classified as ‘ Fragile ’ ( as opposed to 2 % for monographs and 0 % for serials ) .
[also] , newspapers were in a greater state of disrepair than other publications , with 18 % being classified as ‘ fragile ’ ( as opposed to 2 % for monographs and 0 % for serials ) .

There are many laboratory techniques for measuring time in speech , and measurement of the time intervals between stressed syllables in connected English speech has not shown the expected regularity ; moreover , using the same measuring techniques on different languages , it has not been possible to show a real difference between ‘ stress-timed ’ and ‘ syllable-timed ’ languages .
there are many laboratory techniques for measuring time in speech , and measurement of the time intervals between stressed syllables in connected english speech has not shown the expected regularity ; [also] , using the same measuring techniques on different languages , it has not been possible to show a real difference between ‘ stress-timed ’ and ‘ syllable-timed ’ languages .

Moreover , at the critical moment at least one of the mines failed to go off .
[also] , at the critical moment at least one of the mines failed to go off .

To Gallwitz , the gunnery expert , the new attempt on Côte 304 would be a pure artillery exercise ; it would literally blast the French off the hill ; moreover , it would succeed .
to gallwitz , the gunnery expert , the new attempt on côte 304 would be a pure artillery exercise ; it would literally blast the french off the hill ; [also] , it would succeed .

It must , moreover , try to predict how they will move in the future .
it must , [also] , try to predict how they will move in the future .

Moreover , all the circuit properties of a line are distributed along its length , uniformly so in the ideal situation of a uniformly constructed line .
[also] , all the circuit properties of a line are distributed along its length , uniformly so in the ideal situation of a uniformly constructed line .

Whatever the time dependences of the signals in a two-terminal nonlinear network , its terminal behaviour can be represented by Moreover , the relationship between sufficiently small signals and , denoted according to convention by lower-case letters i and v , is or where ( , ) is the bias operating point .
whatever the time dependences of the signals in a two-terminal nonlinear network , its terminal behaviour can be represented by [also] , the relationship between sufficiently small signals and , denoted according to convention by lower-case letters i and v , is or where ( , ) is the bias operating point .

Moreover , they have to consider those who influence opinion , sales channels and all communication media that express ideas and news .
[also] , they have to consider those who influence opinion , sales channels and all communication media that express ideas and news .

Moreover , autofocus lenses have the annoying habit of frequently being confused by the aquarium glass , resulting in out of focus photographs .
[also] , autofocus lenses have the annoying habit of frequently being confused by the aquarium glass , resulting in out of focus photographs .

Moreover , as fat is defined as the antithesis of erotic , ‘ erotic ’ clothes on a fat body may be interpreted as contradictory or ridiculous .
[also] , as fat is defined as the antithesis of erotic , ‘ erotic ’ clothes on a fat body may be interpreted as contradictory or ridiculous .

Moreover , if within society one sexuality ( i.e .
[also] , if within society one sexuality ( i.e .

Moreover , the so-called ‘ permissive society ’ was not protecting women from being treated as sex-objects : far from it ; pornography flourished , kerb-crawlers harassed passers-by on the streets .
[also] , the so-called ‘ permissive society ’ was not protecting women from being treated as sex-objects : far from it ; pornography flourished , kerb-crawlers harassed passers-by on the streets .

Moreover , a clear idea of the processes involved is essential for the formulation of a truly beneficial therapy .
[also] , a clear idea of the processes involved is essential for the formulation of a truly beneficial therapy .

Moreover , Hahnemann discovered that if a patient needed a particular remedy he or she tended to be very sensitive to it — much more so than someone for whom it was not indicated .
[also] , hahnemann discovered that if a patient needed a particular remedy he or she tended to be very sensitive to it — much more so than someone for whom it was not indicated .

Moreover , remedies prepared by dilution without succussion did not display this increased therapeutic power .
[also] , remedies prepared by dilution without succussion did not display this increased therapeutic power .

Here was somebody who had brought the art of skulduggery to the highest point of perfection , somebody , moreover , who was willing to risk life and limb in pursuit of her calling .
here was somebody who had brought the art of skulduggery to the highest point of perfection , somebody , [also] , who was willing to risk life and limb in pursuit of her calling .

Moreover , the introduction of notepad style computers will necessitate non-keyboard input .
[also] , the introduction of notepad style computers will necessitate non-keyboard input .

Moreover such efforts have been restricted to lower case English , and have concentrated on two main approaches .
[also] such efforts have been restricted to lower case english , and have concentrated on two main approaches .

Moreover , it was her nakedness that exerted its mysterious power over the bodies of men .
[also] , it was her nakedness that exerted its mysterious power over the bodies of men .

This story , perhaps somewhat less than scintillating to today 's thrill-seeking reader , was nevertheless hot news at the time and , moreover , speaks volumes for the then ethos of the paper ; a lightweight , trade bulletin largely concerned with the doings of big band leaders and crooners , the dominant pop music of the time .
this story , perhaps somewhat less than scintillating to today 's thrill-seeking reader , was nevertheless hot news at the time and , [also] , speaks volumes for the then ethos of the paper ; a lightweight , trade bulletin largely concerned with the doings of big band leaders and crooners , the dominant pop music of the time .

Moreover , ever since the failure of attempts to include restrictions on retaliation or reprisals in the Brussels Code of 1874 , there has been no explicit prohibition of reprisals in the codes of the laws of war .
[also] , ever since the failure of attempts to include restrictions on retaliation or reprisals in the brussels code of 1874 , there has been no explicit prohibition of reprisals in the codes of the laws of war .

Moreover , in dealing with a phenomenon as complex as war — which produces an infinite variety of situations and is conducted by means whose technical features alter almost from year to year — there are inherent difficulties in laying down the law in the form of treaties .
[also] , in dealing with a phenomenon as complex as war — which produces an infinite variety of situations and is conducted by means whose technical features alter almost from year to year — there are inherent difficulties in laying down the law in the form of treaties .

Moreover , we should recognise soberly that none of these principles offers any significant protection to civilians , in the catastrophic event of nuclear war .
[also] , we should recognise soberly that none of these principles offers any significant protection to civilians , in the catastrophic event of nuclear war .

There is little doubt , moreover , that in the nuclear age the deterrence mode of thinking has by and large been the intellectually prevalent one .
there is little doubt , [also] , that in the nuclear age the deterrence mode of thinking has by and large been the intellectually prevalent one .

Moreover , there has sometimes been reason to doubt the relevance of laws-of-war thinking to the important objective of strategic stability in relations between the nuclear powers .
[also] , there has sometimes been reason to doubt the relevance of laws-of-war thinking to the important objective of strategic stability in relations between the nuclear powers .

Moreover , the risk that conventional conflicts may get out of hand and degenerate into nuclear disaster is one with which mankind will have to live for ever , and it strengthens the argument for attempting to keep conflicts within some kinds of bounds .
[also] , the risk that conventional conflicts may get out of hand and degenerate into nuclear disaster is one with which mankind will have to live for ever , and it strengthens the argument for attempting to keep conflicts within some kinds of bounds .

The result of our cursory glance at the attempts that have been made at a new perspective on law and the legal system is thus both clear and complicated : the legal system can no longer be understood to be monolithic , but is differentiated , and this differentiation is structured by its relationship to other social sub-systems ; law , moreover , has a different ideological role in different national legal cultures .
the result of our cursory glance at the attempts that have been made at a new perspective on law and the legal system is thus both clear and complicated : the legal system can no longer be understood to be monolithic , but is differentiated , and this differentiation is structured by its relationship to other social sub-systems ; law , [also] , has a different ideological role in different national legal cultures .

Moreover , it alerts us to the fact that short-sighted tactics may thwart the overall strategy .
[also] , it alerts us to the fact that short-sighted tactics may thwart the overall strategy .

Moreover , deterrence rests on fear and fear may lead to panic and panic to the sort of mistakes that will no longer be recoverable .
[also] , deterrence rests on fear and fear may lead to panic and panic to the sort of mistakes that will no longer be recoverable .

Moreover , if the moral judgment which we require to make is one which involves our own personal interest we might reasonably look to the relevant law as representing a less partial view of the matter than our own ; for , without attributing to the law a non-partisan impartiality at variance with most available knowledge about the actual political and legal processes , it might still happen to be less partial and more informed than we are when making judgments about cases which affect us closely .
[also] , if the moral judgment which we require to make is one which involves our own personal interest we might reasonably look to the relevant law as representing a less partial view of the matter than our own ; for , without attributing to the law a non-partisan impartiality at variance with most available knowledge about the actual political and legal processes , it might still happen to be less partial and more informed than we are when making judgments about cases which affect us closely .

Moreover , the reaction of the authorities to these initiatives has in turn itself violated constitutional principles , 4 thereby engendering further disillusionment and protest .
[also] , the reaction of the authorities to these initiatives has in turn itself violated constitutional principles , 4 thereby engendering further disillusionment and protest .

Moreover any rights theory which would justify a right of conscientious war-tax diversion without addressing these inequalities would appear defective to many .
[also] any rights theory which would justify a right of conscientious war-tax diversion without addressing these inequalities would appear defective to many .

Moreover this form of regulation is closely associated with the emergence of new institutional machinery such as quangos , and regulatory agencies , which are not easily assimilated into orthodox public law concepts .
[also] this form of regulation is closely associated with the emergence of new institutional machinery such as quangos , and regulatory agencies , which are not easily assimilated into orthodox public law concepts .

Moreover , even where such opportunities for participation in the decision-making process do appear to exist , as for example in the public local inquiry , they frequently turn out on closer inspection to be disingenuous as McAuslan and others have demonstrated in respect of the Windscale Inquiry ( McAuslan , 1980 ; Breach , 1978 ) .
[also] , even where such opportunities for participation in the decision-making process do appear to exist , as for example in the public local inquiry , they frequently turn out on closer inspection to be disingenuous as mcauslan and others have demonstrated in respect of the windscale inquiry ( mcauslan , 1980 ; breach , 1978 ) .

Moreover , as Steven Lukes has persuasively argued , the idea of autonomy ( of which conscientious reflection is a crucial component ) is also intimately related to the idea of equal respect for persons .
[also] , as steven lukes has persuasively argued , the idea of autonomy ( of which conscientious reflection is a crucial component ) is also intimately related to the idea of equal respect for persons .

Moreover , as Scheingold ( Scheingold , 1974 , p. 95 ) has somewhat bitterly commented , in the light of his experience with American civil rights test cases , even judicially acknowledged rights should still be treated as contingent resources and not accomplished social facts .
[also] , as scheingold ( scheingold , 1974 , p. 95 ) has somewhat bitterly commented , in the light of his experience with american civil rights test cases , even judicially acknowledged rights should still be treated as contingent resources and not accomplished social facts .

Moreover , God is bigger to us than our small ideas of him , and more gracious to us than our mean views of who he is .
[also] , god is bigger to us than our small ideas of him , and more gracious to us than our mean views of who he is .

‘ Moreover , on the basis of the facts and likely consequences as we know them , we have an obligation to make appropriate representations to our legislators .
‘ [also] , on the basis of the facts and likely consequences as we know them , we have an obligation to make appropriate representations to our legislators .

Moreover we do not have to inflict such pointless treatment on others .
[also] we do not have to inflict such pointless treatment on others .

Moreover , within just eleven years he had been elevated to the honorific status of ‘ Dom ’ and sent to the abbey of Hautvillers to take up the post of cellarmaster , a position second only to that of abbot .
[also] , within just eleven years he had been elevated to the honorific status of ‘ dom ’ and sent to the abbey of hautvillers to take up the post of cellarmaster , a position second only to that of abbot .

Moreover , the anti-war lobbies are now substantial and enjoy an entirely respectable status .
[also] , the anti-war lobbies are now substantial and enjoy an entirely respectable status .

This is a very helpful rule of thumb ! Moreover , Article thirty-four insists :
this is a very helpful rule of thumb ! [also] , article thirty-four insists :

Moreover , deep-rooted public opposition to urban road construction emerged in the 1970s , so that the only feasible way forward would have been a policy of car restraint .
[also] , deep-rooted public opposition to urban road construction emerged in the 1970s , so that the only feasible way forward would have been a policy of car restraint .

Moreover , it is permissible to make objects multi-functional , for example where a speed-bump is designed also to attract children 's play .
[also] , it is permissible to make objects multi-functional , for example where a speed-bump is designed also to attract children 's play .

Moreover , given the low speeds of motorised traffic .
[also] , given the low speeds of motorised traffic .

Moreover , maintenance of the street in option two areas was cheap compared to Woonerven where costs were raised by labour-intensive methods of sweeping and cleaning necessitated by the street layout .
[also] , maintenance of the street in option two areas was cheap compared to woonerven where costs were raised by labour-intensive methods of sweeping and cleaning necessitated by the street layout .

Moreover , as the Netherlands Institute for Road Safety Research has argued , further work is necessary to establish priorities for tackling the problems and to identify the particular measures that are most effective .
[also] , as the netherlands institute for road safety research has argued , further work is necessary to establish priorities for tackling the problems and to identify the particular measures that are most effective .

Moreover , whilst it is true that the great popularity of the environmental improvements in the centres has turned attention towards restraining traffic in other areas , it is also clear that as car ownership and use rises , there is no political consensus for banning cars in the rest of the city .
[also] , whilst it is true that the great popularity of the environmental improvements in the centres has turned attention towards restraining traffic in other areas , it is also clear that as car ownership and use rises , there is no political consensus for banning cars in the rest of the city .

Moreover , they are suitable only for residential roads where the traffic flow is light ( a peak flow of under 250v/hr in both directions ) and are not therefore applicable to larger city districts which would normally contain a hierarchy of road types .
[also] , they are suitable only for residential roads where the traffic flow is light ( a peak flow of under 250v/hr in both directions ) and are not therefore applicable to larger city districts which would normally contain a hierarchy of road types .

Moreover , if one-way systems are introduced , cycle use is discouraged and safety is decreased by the increased vehicle speeds .
[also] , if one-way systems are introduced , cycle use is discouraged and safety is decreased by the increased vehicle speeds .

Moreover , as will be seen shortly , that year saw the start of a major federal research program designed to evaluate traffic restraint practices and to present firm evidence on the cost-effectiveness of the approaches .
[also] , as will be seen shortly , that year saw the start of a major federal research program designed to evaluate traffic restraint practices and to present firm evidence on the cost-effectiveness of the approaches .

Moreover putting up barriers , banning night driving , giving priority to public transport and permitting cycling the ‘ wrong way in one way streets are other applications of the law .
[also] putting up barriers , banning night driving , giving priority to public transport and permitting cycling the ‘ wrong way in one way streets are other applications of the law .

Moreover , main road traffic has scarcely been slowed and the rising number of cyclist casualties should cause concern .
[also] , main road traffic has scarcely been slowed and the rising number of cyclist casualties should cause concern .

Moreover , in contrast to much of Buxtehude , the spaces are occupied for most of the day so that space is not freed for other uses , such as children 's play or adults ' talk .
[also] , in contrast to much of buxtehude , the spaces are occupied for most of the day so that space is not freed for other uses , such as children 's play or adults ' talk .

Moreover , though the small centre of Buxtehude is attractive enough , Ingolstadt is the only one with a heritage of historic buildings set in an ancient street pattern .
[also] , though the small centre of buxtehude is attractive enough , ingolstadt is the only one with a heritage of historic buildings set in an ancient street pattern .

Moreover , such a demonstration would produce an accessible shop window of ‘ green ’ street environments which could have just as dramatic an effect on the way we think about our public spaces as it has done for the Germans .
[also] , such a demonstration would produce an accessible shop window of ‘ green ’ street environments which could have just as dramatic an effect on the way we think about our public spaces as it has done for the germans .

Moreover , mothers may have encouraged children to play on the road surface where they could be seen from the kitchen window instead of on the grass at the front where they could not .
[also] , mothers may have encouraged children to play on the road surface where they could be seen from the kitchen window instead of on the grass at the front where they could not .

Moreover , they are virtually unknown in established residential areas .
[also] , they are virtually unknown in established residential areas .

Moreover , these are mutually reinforcing trends .
[also] , these are mutually reinforcing trends .

Moreover , three of the four illustrations on the publicity flyer depicted pedestrianised zones , an indication — presumably — of the soft-mode bias of the manual and of dramatically changed thinking at the DTp .
[also] , three of the four illustrations on the publicity flyer depicted pedestrianised zones , an indication — presumably — of the soft-mode bias of the manual and of dramatically changed thinking at the dtp .

Moreover , it is argued that humps should be more widely used still :
[also] , it is argued that humps should be more widely used still :

Moreover , most such areas exist in isolation from the traditional provision for foot traffic in the rest of each built-up area .
[also] , most such areas exist in isolation from the traditional provision for foot traffic in the rest of each built-up area .

Moreover , the cycle is a benign form of transport , being noiseless , non-polluting and non-threatening to most other road users .
[also] , the cycle is a benign form of transport , being noiseless , non-polluting and non-threatening to most other road users .

Moreover , unlike Bacon , they painted portraits — always a useful adjunct to any artist 's income .
[also] , unlike bacon , they painted portraits — always a useful adjunct to any artist 's income .

Moreover , he only works on one picture at a time and only by natural daylight .
[also] , he only works on one picture at a time and only by natural daylight .

Moreover , that control , in England and Wales at least , will be reinforced by legislation .
[also] , that control , in england and wales at least , will be reinforced by legislation .

Moreover , evidence from recent research by Hammersley and Scarth suggests that patterns of whole-class teacher-pupil talk do not differ significantly between courses that are assessed by terminal examinations , ones that are continuously assessed , and ones that are not assessed at all — even when these differently assessed courses are taught by the same teacher and within the same subject .
[also] , evidence from recent research by hammersley and scarth suggests that patterns of whole-class teacher-pupil talk do not differ significantly between courses that are assessed by terminal examinations , ones that are continuously assessed , and ones that are not assessed at all — even when these differently assessed courses are taught by the same teacher and within the same subject .

Moreover , any extrapolation from data as a basis for policy runs the high risk that the demonstration of a relationship will sooner or later cause a modification of the actions which determine it .
[also] , any extrapolation from data as a basis for policy runs the high risk that the demonstration of a relationship will sooner or later cause a modification of the actions which determine it .

Moreover , it is not just a matter of explaining comparative failure .
[also] , it is not just a matter of explaining comparative failure .

Moreover , it has already been argued ( in Chapter 1 ) that there was a combination of influences at work internationally during those years which was conducive to rapid expansion , some of which arose directly from the war .
[also] , it has already been argued ( in chapter 1 ) that there was a combination of influences at work internationally during those years which was conducive to rapid expansion , some of which arose directly from the war .

It is clear , moreover , that Keynesian economics , with its focus on the internal management of short-term equilibrium , was not the theory to match such a political prescription .
it is clear , [also] , that keynesian economics , with its focus on the internal management of short-term equilibrium , was not the theory to match such a political prescription .

The Treasury , moreover , suffered a setback in its endeavour to recover its pre-war importance because it had failed to predict the convertibility crisis .
the treasury , [also] , suffered a setback in its endeavour to recover its pre-war importance because it had failed to predict the convertibility crisis .

All the while , moreover , a number of purely domestic cross-currents were gaining in strength .
all the while , [also] , a number of purely domestic cross-currents were gaining in strength .

It is , moreover , an irony that these ministers ( Gaitskell , Jay , Wilson ) were at the same time preparing a Full Employment Bill which assumed a major capacity for planning within the government machine .
it is , [also] , an irony that these ministers ( gaitskell , jay , wilson ) were at the same time preparing a full employment bill which assumed a major capacity for planning within the government machine .

Moreover , the pressure for regional aid was reduced by the effect of the export drive which stimulated even older industrial areas facing long-term decline and gave them the appearance of recovery .
[also] , the pressure for regional aid was reduced by the effect of the export drive which stimulated even older industrial areas facing long-term decline and gave them the appearance of recovery .

Moreover , the large element of part-time female employment was very responsive to any downward demand pressure [ Prest and Coppock , various edns ] .
[also] , the large element of part-time female employment was very responsive to any downward demand pressure [ prest and coppock , various edns ] .

Moreover , once a foreign producer has captured what he judges to be a significant share of the market he then eases prices upwards while increasing his share by other devices such as advertising and superior servicing and distribution .
[also] , once a foreign producer has captured what he judges to be a significant share of the market he then eases prices upwards while increasing his share by other devices such as advertising and superior servicing and distribution .

From the Radcliffe Report [ 1959 ] onwards , moreover , figures have been produced to show the value of their contribution ; and over the period invisible exports from the financial sector have been cast in the role of saviour of the balance of payments .
from the radcliffe report [ 1959 ] onwards , [also] , figures have been produced to show the value of their contribution ; and over the period invisible exports from the financial sector have been cast in the role of saviour of the balance of payments .

Moreover , the distinction between services and manufacturing has been exaggerated over recent years by the growth of leasing [ Rybczynski , 1982 ] .
[also] , the distinction between services and manufacturing has been exaggerated over recent years by the growth of leasing [ rybczynski , 1982 ] .

Moreover , services are generally less subject to cyclical fluctuations than manufacturing .
[also] , services are generally less subject to cyclical fluctuations than manufacturing .

Moreover , it did little to alter the relative financial attractiveness of occupations .
[also] , it did little to alter the relative financial attractiveness of occupations .

Moreover , the major source of under-recording on the balance of payments up to 1949 was invisible trade .
[also] , the major source of under-recording on the balance of payments up to 1949 was invisible trade .

At the time , moreover , there were those who were prepared to challenge the glowing claims by spokesmen for city institutions before the Radcliffe enquiry [ Day , 1954 ; Radcliffe , 1959 ; Shonfield , 1959 ] .
at the time , [also] , there were those who were prepared to challenge the glowing claims by spokesmen for city institutions before the radcliffe enquiry [ day , 1954 ; radcliffe , 1959 ; shonfield , 1959 ] .

Moreover , there is a tendency to give too much weight to the destabilising effect of stop/go policies .
[also] , there is a tendency to give too much weight to the destabilising effect of stop/go policies .

Moreover , leading politicians , so committed to maintaining full employment , became deluded into thinking that the achievement of this target was direct proof of the maximisation of economic efficiency and social welfare .
[also] , leading politicians , so committed to maintaining full employment , became deluded into thinking that the achievement of this target was direct proof of the maximisation of economic efficiency and social welfare .

The anti-institutional approach of market economics is , moreover , very narrowly conceived .
the anti-institutional approach of market economics is , [also] , very narrowly conceived .

Monetarists have , moreover , failed to reconcile rising prices over the 1970s with decreasing demand pressure as registered by rising unemployment [ Graham , 1979 ] .
monetarists have , [also] , failed to reconcile rising prices over the 1970s with decreasing demand pressure as registered by rising unemployment [ graham , 1979 ] .

Moreover , top civil servants are not only involved in policy formation .
[also] , top civil servants are not only involved in policy formation .

Moreover , if the perspective is lengthened to include the Victorian period the observer can not fail to be struck by a feeling of historical déjà vu [ Kirby , 1981 ] .
[also] , if the perspective is lengthened to include the victorian period the observer can not fail to be struck by a feeling of historical déjà vu [ kirby , 1981 ] .

Moreover , Uzzell said , companies are of the opinion that there are always more important things to be done .
[also] , uzzell said , companies are of the opinion that there are always more important things to be done .

Moreover on a single decision — do we license this environment to the rest of the industry or do we keep it to ourselves — can depend the entire future of a computer company , with the wrong decision spelling oblivion .
[also] on a single decision — do we license this environment to the rest of the industry or do we keep it to ourselves — can depend the entire future of a computer company , with the wrong decision spelling oblivion .

Moreover , international operations director Richard Ferry claims that the Bracknell , Berkshire-based company 's services are unique — although most rivals can offer centralised expertise , he says , no-one else can monitor computer systems remotely , or keep an eye on such critical issues as temperature and air conditioning levels at any given customer site .
[also] , international operations director richard ferry claims that the bracknell , berkshire-based company 's services are unique — although most rivals can offer centralised expertise , he says , no-one else can monitor computer systems remotely , or keep an eye on such critical issues as temperature and air conditioning levels at any given customer site .

Moreover , he often found the Vulgate in error .
[also] , he often found the vulgate in error .

Moreover , it is difficult to believe that anyone who can be as dull as Hoccleve can , when using literary conventions , could suddenly become as lively as he does by merely adopting a new one : the ‘ autobiographical ’ convention .
[also] , it is difficult to believe that anyone who can be as dull as hoccleve can , when using literary conventions , could suddenly become as lively as he does by merely adopting a new one : the ‘ autobiographical ’ convention .

Moreover , the anti-war lobbies are now substantial and enjoy an entirely respectable status .
[also] , the anti-war lobbies are now substantial and enjoy an entirely respectable status .

Moreover , frameworks are being sought which may open new doors .
[also] , frameworks are being sought which may open new doors .

Moreover they are interesting ; it is to the reader that characters have to matter , and they will not unless they interest him .
[also] they are interesting ; it is to the reader that characters have to matter , and they will not unless they interest him .

Moreover , he finds it a nuisance to have her in his flat all day , when he wants to do piano practice , or to play at conducting an orchestra .
[also] , he finds it a nuisance to have her in his flat all day , when he wants to do piano practice , or to play at conducting an orchestra .

Moreover , a romantic feeling persists that to smoke puts one on the correct side of the political divide , along with the exploited rather than the exploiters .
[also] , a romantic feeling persists that to smoke puts one on the correct side of the political divide , along with the exploited rather than the exploiters .

Moreover , literature relating to nursing ideologies , primary and therapeutic nursing as well as nursing beds is briefly reviewed .
[also] , literature relating to nursing ideologies , primary and therapeutic nursing as well as nursing beds is briefly reviewed .

Moreover , men were selfish , cold-hearted and dull , and yet it seemed that , for some reason she could n't quite fathom , a woman needed to have a man around .
[also] , men were selfish , cold-hearted and dull , and yet it seemed that , for some reason she could n't quite fathom , a woman needed to have a man around .

Moreover , under a magnifying loupe , diamonds have a perceivable triangular crystallography on the surface .
[also] , under a magnifying loupe , diamonds have a perceivable triangular crystallography on the surface .

Moreover , Boyle also demonstrates that the Security Council violated its own charter through the adoption of Resolution 731 .
[also] , boyle also demonstrates that the security council violated its own charter through the adoption of resolution 731 .

Only the Tories increased the number of their ethnic minority candidates , selecting two , moreover , for winnable seats .
only the tories increased the number of their ethnic minority candidates , selecting two , [also] , for winnable seats .

Moreover , they did not stress that a high burden of taxation is inevitable with high unemployment and , thus , the burden will always be higher under Tories .
[also] , they did not stress that a high burden of taxation is inevitable with high unemployment and , thus , the burden will always be higher under tories .

Moreover , the Cobe results were expected .
[also] , the cobe results were expected .

Moreover , they usually lay the blame where it is not warranted .
[also] , they usually lay the blame where it is not warranted .

Moreover , the previous waves occurred during periods when the economy and economic theory were much less highly developed .
[also] , the previous waves occurred during periods when the economy and economic theory were much less highly developed .

Moreover , the impact of new technology on people 's experience of work will depend on how they perceive it and the meaning that technology has for them .
[also] , the impact of new technology on people 's experience of work will depend on how they perceive it and the meaning that technology has for them .

Moreover , though individuals may differ in the weight they assign to various aspects of a job , most individuals are prepared to make trade-offs between different sources of satisfaction .
[also] , though individuals may differ in the weight they assign to various aspects of a job , most individuals are prepared to make trade-offs between different sources of satisfaction .

Moreover , whereas the British workers were also overwhelmingly satisfied with their payment structure , the French were deeply convinced that their payment structure was based on unfair principles .
[also] , whereas the british workers were also overwhelmingly satisfied with their payment structure , the french were deeply convinced that their payment structure was based on unfair principles .

Moreover , though he devotes several pages to a description of the work done in these oil refineries , Gallie does not address the question of whether the technology itself differs in the French as compared to the British plants , nor whether details of the work organisation itself differ in a non-random way between the two countries .
[also] , though he devotes several pages to a description of the work done in these oil refineries , gallie does not address the question of whether the technology itself differs in the french as compared to the british plants , nor whether details of the work organisation itself differ in a non-random way between the two countries .

Moreover , the research team observed that the skills required for these jobs were much less than the skills needed to contend with interferences emanating from the underground situation .
[also] , the research team observed that the skills required for these jobs were much less than the skills needed to contend with interferences emanating from the underground situation .

Moreover , say Hackman and Oldham , even if we had this knowledge , it would still be a struggle to implement good job design principles .
[also] , say hackman and oldham , even if we had this knowledge , it would still be a struggle to implement good job design principles .

Moreover , it is also possible that management took the view that unskilled workers could be controlled more easily than skilled workers because they had less powerful union backing , and that they could be replaced more easily because there was a bigger pool of labour to draw from .
[also] , it is also possible that management took the view that unskilled workers could be controlled more easily than skilled workers because they had less powerful union backing , and that they could be replaced more easily because there was a bigger pool of labour to draw from .

Moreover , in Britain such work was distinctive of white collar status , programming being the domain of planners and production engineers , while in Germany blue collar craft workers were used and there were instances of rotation between programming in the office and working on the shop floor .
[also] , in britain such work was distinctive of white collar status , programming being the domain of planners and production engineers , while in germany blue collar craft workers were used and there were instances of rotation between programming in the office and working on the shop floor .

Moreover , Kalmar contains but a small part of the total final assembly facilities within the Volvo enterprise .
[also] , kalmar contains but a small part of the total final assembly facilities within the volvo enterprise .

There has , moreover , been a continuously rising trend of absenteeism since the plant opened .
there has , [also] , been a continuously rising trend of absenteeism since the plant opened .

Moreover , in some cases , votes are cast improperly .
[also] , in some cases , votes are cast improperly .

Moreover , polythene will not accept most paints , and , if you want to colour a large area , then you 'll have to experiment with whatever plastic paints the local art store can offer .
[also] , polythene will not accept most paints , and , if you want to colour a large area , then you 'll have to experiment with whatever plastic paints the local art store can offer .

Moreover , as countless makers of this design will confirm , it flies well in a broad range of wind speeds .
[also] , as countless makers of this design will confirm , it flies well in a broad range of wind speeds .

Moreover , to be ‘ accepted ’ they have to fly , and to fly well , on an anchored line without further attention for hours on end .
[also] , to be ‘ accepted ’ they have to fly , and to fly well , on an anchored line without further attention for hours on end .

Moreover , the aerofoil section of the Flexifoil seems upside down !
[also] , the aerofoil section of the flexifoil seems upside down !

Moreover there were functions which only the lord himself could carry out , particularly in matters of justice , for as a baron of Scotland , Ramsay had the power of pit and gallows , conferring on him the right and duty to adjudicate in most issues not reserved to the crown , a grave responsibility for a man who took his obligations seriously , and one in which his brother could not replace him .
[also] there were functions which only the lord himself could carry out , particularly in matters of justice , for as a baron of scotland , ramsay had the power of pit and gallows , conferring on him the right and duty to adjudicate in most issues not reserved to the crown , a grave responsibility for a man who took his obligations seriously , and one in which his brother could not replace him .

Moreover , after Bannockburn , Bruce had actively encouraged the recovery of his war-shattered country by inviting Low Country merchants , wool-brokers , shippers and the like , Flemings in particular , to settle here ; and they had brought much wealth and trade to the town , many having built fine houses as well as their mills , maltings , breweries and warehouses , John Crabb one of these .
[also] , after bannockburn , bruce had actively encouraged the recovery of his war-shattered country by inviting low country merchants , wool-brokers , shippers and the like , flemings in particular , to settle here ; and they had brought much wealth and trade to the town , many having built fine houses as well as their mills , maltings , breweries and warehouses , john crabb one of these .

Moreover , it was these official publications which were responsible for employing the very few Africans who gained journalistic and editorial experience .
[also] , it was these official publications which were responsible for employing the very few africans who gained journalistic and editorial experience .

Moreover , many of those laws on the statute books which empowered colonial administrators to control the printed media remained in force and were used by the new governments after independence .
[also] , many of those laws on the statute books which empowered colonial administrators to control the printed media remained in force and were used by the new governments after independence .

Moreover , the burgeoning African political parties had no voice in radio until after independence .
[also] , the burgeoning african political parties had no voice in radio until after independence .

Moreover , the fact that France 's African possessions stretched in an unbroken line from Morocco in the north to Gabon in the south led to the setting up of an entire series of relay stations transmitting centrally produced programmes and news bulletins .
[also] , the fact that france 's african possessions stretched in an unbroken line from morocco in the north to gabon in the south led to the setting up of an entire series of relay stations transmitting centrally produced programmes and news bulletins .

Moreover , the bureaucratic regulations imposed by the service are inappropriate to radio .
[also] , the bureaucratic regulations imposed by the service are inappropriate to radio .

Moreover , the papers were run as political ventures ; there were none of the commercial , management , planning and sales activities that were to be found at the Standard .
[also] , the papers were run as political ventures ; there were none of the commercial , management , planning and sales activities that were to be found at the standard .

Moreover , despite the widespread day-to-day use of Swahili in the areas visited , many still did not use the language in their own homes .
[also] , despite the widespread day-to-day use of swahili in the areas visited , many still did not use the language in their own homes .

He had moreover , unlike Boethius , had the experience of seeing what Viking pirates did to his defenceless subjects ; and again unlike Boethius had taken such drastic measures against evil as hanging Viking prisoners , and rebellious monks , and in all probability cutting the throats of any wounded pirates so unlucky as to be left on the battlefield .
he had [also] , unlike boethius , had the experience of seeing what viking pirates did to his defenceless subjects ; and again unlike boethius had taken such drastic measures against evil as hanging viking prisoners , and rebellious monks , and in all probability cutting the throats of any wounded pirates so unlucky as to be left on the battlefield .

This lack of symmetry is moreover part of a basic denial of security throughout The Lord of the Rings .
this lack of symmetry is [also] part of a basic denial of security throughout the lord of the rings .

What can not be denied is that they emerge from much experience in the author , and much original thought , that they are moreover integrated in a fiction which has a power independent of them .
what can not be denied is that they emerge from much experience in the author , and much original thought , that they are [also] integrated in a fiction which has a power independent of them .

Moreover , Whitechapel neighboured on to Spitalfields , whose centre housed what was known as the ‘ black stuff ’ industry , the manufacture of the rich and expensive silks and velvets reserved for the exclusive use of the funerary trade .
[also] , whitechapel neighboured on to spitalfields , whose centre housed what was known as the ‘ black stuff ’ industry , the manufacture of the rich and expensive silks and velvets reserved for the exclusive use of the funerary trade .

Moreover , were things quite so dreadful that such control needed to be exerted ?
[also] , were things quite so dreadful that such control needed to be exerted ?

Moreover , many of our tied houses are relatively small pubs , many of them serving villages and rural communities .
[also] , many of our tied houses are relatively small pubs , many of them serving villages and rural communities .

Moreover , Eleanor 's references to Freddie 's goings-on , however much Liza suspected there might have been plenty , upset her .
[also] , eleanor 's references to freddie 's goings-on , however much liza suspected there might have been plenty , upset her .

Moreover , the very isolation of Four Winds precluded her from being able to enjoy the facilities which even a town like Penzance might have provided .
[also] , the very isolation of four winds precluded her from being able to enjoy the facilities which even a town like penzance might have provided .

Moreover , it would enable him to see his sister , Edna , with whom he had always been close .
[also] , it would enable him to see his sister , edna , with whom he had always been close .

Moreover , the cost was beginning to worry him more and more .
[also] , the cost was beginning to worry him more and more .

He says that much of his firm 's research showed , at an early stage , that open systems concepts ‘ were n't going to cut it , ’ moreover that many ‘ were a myth .
he says that much of his firm 's research showed , at an early stage , that open systems concepts ‘ were n't going to cut it , ’ [also] that many ‘ were a myth .

Their relatively smaller personal estates reflect perhaps more than anything else a generally modest standard of living in the shires , for while the greater apparent wealth of some yeomen consisted mainly of farming stock , a big landowner , burdened with a large family and heavily encumbered estates , might find himself compelled to endure a spartan existence ; unlike a yeomen , moreover , he might have to support a train of unproductive servants .
their relatively smaller personal estates reflect perhaps more than anything else a generally modest standard of living in the shires , for while the greater apparent wealth of some yeomen consisted mainly of farming stock , a big landowner , burdened with a large family and heavily encumbered estates , might find himself compelled to endure a spartan existence ; unlike a yeomen , [also] , he might have to support a train of unproductive servants .

In nearly every respect the wealth of the gentry matched the poverty of the district , and Dr Smith , moreover , has concluded that Yorkshire knights and esquires as a whole were less affluent than their counterparts in the south .
in nearly every respect the wealth of the gentry matched the poverty of the district , and dr smith , [also] , has concluded that yorkshire knights and esquires as a whole were less affluent than their counterparts in the south .

Coventry , moreover , differed fundamentally from the Stour Valley .
coventry , [also] , differed fundamentally from the stour valley .

There was also the practical reason to provide convincing reasons why so many men were possessed of so little or no assessable ‘ substance ’ , and in the subsidy to justify the assessments of wages which only became effective in the absence of taxable goods , and , moreover , masters were responsible for the payment of their servants ' taxes .
there was also the practical reason to provide convincing reasons why so many men were possessed of so little or no assessable ‘ substance ’ , and in the subsidy to justify the assessments of wages which only became effective in the absence of taxable goods , and , [also] , masters were responsible for the payment of their servants ' taxes .

Moreover , the upper classes lived habitually , indeed ruthlessly , in debt , putting on paying their bills for years until desperate creditors were driven to offer to accept a fraction of their due and forget the rest .
[also] , the upper classes lived habitually , indeed ruthlessly , in debt , putting on paying their bills for years until desperate creditors were driven to offer to accept a fraction of their due and forget the rest .

Looking beyond purely local peculiarities , if , as seems likely , the true strength formed by the two lowest groups in the Cotswolds was approximately 35 per cent , this is suggestively similar to Rutland 's 37.6 , and moreover , the general distribution of wealth was very much the same .
looking beyond purely local peculiarities , if , as seems likely , the true strength formed by the two lowest groups in the cotswolds was approximately 35 per cent , this is suggestively similar to rutland 's 37.6 , and [also] , the general distribution of wealth was very much the same .

In the long term , moreover , the profits were creamed off by London capitalists who kept a tight grip on the marketing of tin .
in the long term , [also] , the profits were creamed off by london capitalists who kept a tight grip on the marketing of tin .

Moreover Tao claims to have found substantial funding and board-level interest from some of the biggest Japanese computer and electronics companies , the identities of which will be announced this summer .
[also] tao claims to have found substantial funding and board-level interest from some of the biggest japanese computer and electronics companies , the identities of which will be announced this summer .

Moreover you can have heterogeneous networks of different processors all running co-operatively .
[also] you can have heterogeneous networks of different processors all running co-operatively .

The structure of dialogue , moreover , disallows the taking up of any position beyond the interlocutors from which they can be integrated into a larger totality .
the structure of dialogue , [also] , disallows the taking up of any position beyond the interlocutors from which they can be integrated into a larger totality .

Moreover , if the two eventually arrive at the same truth anyway then there seems to be little need for dialectical reason at all .
[also] , if the two eventually arrive at the same truth anyway then there seems to be little need for dialectical reason at all .

Many sciences moreover share the characteristic that a major discovery means that all other models and theories are simply out of date and have to be discarded .
many sciences [also] share the characteristic that a major discovery means that all other models and theories are simply out of date and have to be discarded .

Moreover , because the bad copy by definition can not claim to be copying anything but itself , it creates its ‘ original ’ retroactively , so that the copy precedes the original in a ghostly originary repetition .
[also] , because the bad copy by definition can not claim to be copying anything but itself , it creates its ‘ original ’ retroactively , so that the copy precedes the original in a ghostly originary repetition .

Moreover the exclusive focus on ‘ resistance ’ as a privileged political category is itself open to question .
[also] the exclusive focus on ‘ resistance ’ as a privileged political category is itself open to question .

In the context of the present discussion of history , moreover , it is highly significant that traditional ‘ historical materialism ’ has been jettisoned in favour of the anthropological ‘ cultural materialism ’ .
in the context of the present discussion of history , [also] , it is highly significant that traditional ‘ historical materialism ’ has been jettisoned in favour of the anthropological ‘ cultural materialism ’ .

’ Moreover , as revenue derived from upgrades and add-on sales becomes increasingly important to the software industry 's business model , binary compatibility across different platforms and between old and new versions of application software becomes ever more critical .
’ [also] , as revenue derived from upgrades and add-on sales becomes increasingly important to the software industry 's business model , binary compatibility across different platforms and between old and new versions of application software becomes ever more critical .

Moreover , since the class groups which most of these youth represented were the working class — those most marginalised by dominant middle class culture — these sub-cultural activities could be interpreted as a form of rebellion , a way of fighting back .
[also] , since the class groups which most of these youth represented were the working class — those most marginalised by dominant middle class culture — these sub-cultural activities could be interpreted as a form of rebellion , a way of fighting back .

Moreover , the stereotype of women 's behaviour stresses the differences between ‘ all women ’ and ‘ all men ’ at the expense of exploring differences among women , or even the possibility that factors other than gender itself may be important in explaining supposed differences .
[also] , the stereotype of women 's behaviour stresses the differences between ‘ all women ’ and ‘ all men ’ at the expense of exploring differences among women , or even the possibility that factors other than gender itself may be important in explaining supposed differences .

Moreover , many of the issues have spilled over in a marked renewal of interest in the state in the last twenty years .
[also] , many of the issues have spilled over in a marked renewal of interest in the state in the last twenty years .

Moreover , there was a serious shortage of nursing and domestic staff at public assistance institutions and children 's homes throughout the county .
[also] , there was a serious shortage of nursing and domestic staff at public assistance institutions and children 's homes throughout the county .

He appeared to consider her proposals trifling and moreover he had ignored Whitbread 's own orders , and had said that prostitutes should be isolated from other patients .
he appeared to consider her proposals trifling and [also] he had ignored whitbread 's own orders , and had said that prostitutes should be isolated from other patients .

The ‘ ship ’ is therefore dwarfed by the size of the ocean which is post-school education and training ; moreover it is an ocean which over the last ten or so years has been in unprecedented turmoil culminating in the hurricane represented by the 1988 Education Reform Act .
the ‘ ship ’ is therefore dwarfed by the size of the ocean which is post-school education and training ; [also] it is an ocean which over the last ten or so years has been in unprecedented turmoil culminating in the hurricane represented by the 1988 education reform act .

Moreover it seems ironic that while the Secretary of State for Education attacks , and rightly attacks , the appalling attendance rates at certain schools , and apportions blame for this situation by claiming that children are bored , he offers a solution , in the form of the national curriculum , of a diet of mathematics , English , science , history , geography , a foreign language — all hamstrung with a pedestrian approach to evaluation in the form of bench-marks .
[also] it seems ironic that while the secretary of state for education attacks , and rightly attacks , the appalling attendance rates at certain schools , and apportions blame for this situation by claiming that children are bored , he offers a solution , in the form of the national curriculum , of a diet of mathematics , english , science , history , geography , a foreign language — all hamstrung with a pedestrian approach to evaluation in the form of bench-marks .

Moreover , the ensuing change is likely to be of a gradual nature and not a radical rearrangement of the political or social order .
[also] , the ensuing change is likely to be of a gradual nature and not a radical rearrangement of the political or social order .

Moreover , because each of these areas has changed the relationship of the individual to the state , the media are also forced to re-evaluate their roles vis-à-vis the individual and the public interest/public opinion .
[also] , because each of these areas has changed the relationship of the individual to the state , the media are also forced to re-evaluate their roles vis-à-vis the individual and the public interest/public opinion .

Third , an historical analysis also serves to illustrate how a narrow section of the press — the political or quality press — has had a continuing fascination with , and attraction to , the centres of legitimate political power and those who exercise it ; moreover , the relationship between the triumvirate of politicians , proprietors and editors — namely , those who exercise political power and those who seek to bask in the afterglow of the exercise of that power — was never fixed .
third , an historical analysis also serves to illustrate how a narrow section of the press — the political or quality press — has had a continuing fascination with , and attraction to , the centres of legitimate political power and those who exercise it ; [also] , the relationship between the triumvirate of politicians , proprietors and editors — namely , those who exercise political power and those who seek to bask in the afterglow of the exercise of that power — was never fixed .

Moreover , such forms of control are necessarily direct and crude and mask a range of other means by which results can be achieved .
[also] , such forms of control are necessarily direct and crude and mask a range of other means by which results can be achieved .

Moreover , they have no shelf life .
[also] , they have no shelf life .

Moreover , if you are married , then unless your partner is solidly behind you there are liable to be domestic tensions — especially if you run the business from home .
[also] , if you are married , then unless your partner is solidly behind you there are liable to be domestic tensions — especially if you run the business from home .

Moreover , one of the gratifying aspects of attaining state retirement age is that you become eligible for a variety of benefits , for example : concessionary travel , free national health service prescriptions , cheaper theatre and cinema tickets ( usually matinees ) , reduced entrance charges for exhibitions and a wide choice of special holiday offers .
[also] , one of the gratifying aspects of attaining state retirement age is that you become eligible for a variety of benefits , for example : concessionary travel , free national health service prescriptions , cheaper theatre and cinema tickets ( usually matinees ) , reduced entrance charges for exhibitions and a wide choice of special holiday offers .

Moreover , when you have sat down and worked out your retirement income in detail , you may even be pleasantly surprised .
[also] , when you have sat down and worked out your retirement income in detail , you may even be pleasantly surprised .

Moreover , even when ‘ means-testing ’ is a factor , for some of the benefits income levels are nothing like as low as many people imagine .
[also] , even when ‘ means-testing ’ is a factor , for some of the benefits income levels are nothing like as low as many people imagine .

Moreover , as you are probably aware , an option , known as ‘ free-standing AVCs , , is now also on offer .
[also] , as you are probably aware , an option , known as ‘ free-standing avcs , , is now also on offer .

Although as a breed pension providers act very conservatively , and moreover , your money would be protected under the strict rules brought in by the Financial Services Act , no one can forecast with total confidence how well or otherwise any particular investment will do .
although as a breed pension providers act very conservatively , and [also] , your money would be protected under the strict rules brought in by the financial services act , no one can forecast with total confidence how well or otherwise any particular investment will do .

Apart from some general points , listed here ( as well as scattered elsewhere in the book where especially relevant , such as in Chapter 10 , Starting Your Own Business ) , giving tax planning advice is the job for a specialist ; and moreover one who is fully conversant with your financial affairs , so that he can advise in the light of your own particular circumstances .
apart from some general points , listed here ( as well as scattered elsewhere in the book where especially relevant , such as in chapter 10 , starting your own business ) , giving tax planning advice is the job for a specialist ; and [also] one who is fully conversant with your financial affairs , so that he can advise in the light of your own particular circumstances .

For exemption to apply , the gift must have been made at least seven years before the donor 's death and moreover , it must have been unconditionally given ; or to use the jargon , ‘ without reservation ’ .
for exemption to apply , the gift must have been made at least seven years before the donor 's death and [also] , it must have been unconditionally given ; or to use the jargon , ‘ without reservation ’ .

Moreover , not surprisingly perhaps , tax specialists say that there are legitimate ways of minimising the liability , for example by putting gifts into a discretionary trust which qualifies them for ‘ hold-over ’ relief .
[also] , not surprisingly perhaps , tax specialists say that there are legitimate ways of minimising the liability , for example by putting gifts into a discretionary trust which qualifies them for ‘ hold-over ’ relief .

Moreover , independent taxation applies equally to the age-related additions ( formerly known as age allowance ) and both husband and wife are now eligible for their own higher tax allowance from the age of 65 ( and more generous still after age 75 ) .
[also] , independent taxation applies equally to the age-related additions ( formerly known as age allowance ) and both husband and wife are now eligible for their own higher tax allowance from the age of 65 ( and more generous still after age 75 ) .

Moreover , not only techniques but whole analyses have been borrowed .
[also] , not only techniques but whole analyses have been borrowed .

Moreover , the methods followed by interpretative sociologists in the selection and analysis of speech bear certain other important resemblances to those used by literary artists .
[also] , the methods followed by interpretative sociologists in the selection and analysis of speech bear certain other important resemblances to those used by literary artists .

Moreover , every member of every discipline has a right , even a duty , to challenge , disprove or modify what has earlier been agreed or just taken for granted .
[also] , every member of every discipline has a right , even a duty , to challenge , disprove or modify what has earlier been agreed or just taken for granted .

Moreover , the exceptions to this had to be explained in terms of the position of the lawyer in his local structure , including the structure of his relationship with clients ; social class did not explain the deviant cases .
[also] , the exceptions to this had to be explained in terms of the position of the lawyer in his local structure , including the structure of his relationship with clients ; social class did not explain the deviant cases .

Moreover , these ‘ association ’ regions consisted of a number of distinctive regions that could be identified on the basis of their internal cellular organization .
[also] , these ‘ association ’ regions consisted of a number of distinctive regions that could be identified on the basis of their internal cellular organization .

Moreover , in animals with convoluted cortices , like cats , dogs , monkeys , and man , areas usually have a fixed relationship to the pattern of sulci and gyri on the cortical surface .
[also] , in animals with convoluted cortices , like cats , dogs , monkeys , and man , areas usually have a fixed relationship to the pattern of sulci and gyri on the cortical surface .

Moreover , the effects of damage will be much more a function of how many modules have been damaged than of which modules have been eliminated .
[also] , the effects of damage will be much more a function of how many modules have been damaged than of which modules have been eliminated .

It can only work on local regions of the image and , moreover , in the real world the distribution of light intensity is two-dimensional rather than one-dimensional .
it can only work on local regions of the image and , [also] , in the real world the distribution of light intensity is two-dimensional rather than one-dimensional .

Moreover , ideas and assumptions circulate in disguised and concealed forms , once they have achieved a certain currency .
[also] , ideas and assumptions circulate in disguised and concealed forms , once they have achieved a certain currency .

Moreover , during those years , Europe sent great numbers of people to other continents , above all to the Americas .
[also] , during those years , europe sent great numbers of people to other continents , above all to the americas .

Moreover , which Europeans ?
[also] , which europeans ?

Moreover , traditional and historical factors can do much to localize the significance of even such evidence as seems firm .
[also] , traditional and historical factors can do much to localize the significance of even such evidence as seems firm .

1880 , moreover , is not a date in religious history , even if the French abolished military chaplains and the British parliament opened parish churchyards to nonconformist burial services in that year .
1880 , [also] , is not a date in religious history , even if the french abolished military chaplains and the british parliament opened parish churchyards to nonconformist burial services in that year .

Moreover , the tasks of the Royal Navy were greater than those of other navies .
[also] , the tasks of the royal navy were greater than those of other navies .

Moreover , not only are national interests complex , but they change .
[also] , not only are national interests complex , but they change .

Moreover , the Austro-Hungarian occupation of Bosnia and Herzegovina was in the end blamed on Great Britain .
[also] , the austro-hungarian occupation of bosnia and herzegovina was in the end blamed on great britain .

Moreover , alliances bind both parties ; the kaiser properly reminded Bismarck that he had in the past ‘ always opposed tieing our hands through alliances ’ .
[also] , alliances bind both parties ; the kaiser properly reminded bismarck that he had in the past ‘ always opposed tieing our hands through alliances ’ .

Moreover , the political interests of Eastern Europe 's regimes have taken precedence over the economic interests of society .
[also] , the political interests of eastern europe 's regimes have taken precedence over the economic interests of society .

Moreover , from the Soviet point of view , there are known deficiencies and dangers .
[also] , from the soviet point of view , there are known deficiencies and dangers .

Moreover , ‘ [ all ] manifestations of factionalism and group activity are incompatible with Marxist-Leninist Party principles , and with Party membership .
[also] , ‘ [ all ] manifestations of factionalism and group activity are incompatible with marxist-leninist party principles , and with party membership .

We can , moreover , be fairly sure that these contacts with other communities had effects which went far beyond the Minoans ' original intentions .
we can , [also] , be fairly sure that these contacts with other communities had effects which went far beyond the minoans ' original intentions .

Moreover , there is a further independent reason for finding it attractive , apart from whatever success is to be had in the future in generating likely looking fragments of natural language .
[also] , there is a further independent reason for finding it attractive , apart from whatever success is to be had in the future in generating likely looking fragments of natural language .

Moreover these milestones correspond broadly with others in the course of sensory-motor development , being broadly in step with them even when the whole process is slowed down , as in the cases of mental retardation .
[also] these milestones correspond broadly with others in the course of sensory-motor development , being broadly in step with them even when the whole process is slowed down , as in the cases of mental retardation .

There is no evidence from all this of cerebral ‘ rubicons ’ that correspond to the different stages of language acquisition , but one can not avoid the impression that the linguistic skills acquired by the growing child are orchestrated by a physiological score ; and one moreover that has its own peculiar , species-specific crescendos .
there is no evidence from all this of cerebral ‘ rubicons ’ that correspond to the different stages of language acquisition , but one can not avoid the impression that the linguistic skills acquired by the growing child are orchestrated by a physiological score ; and one [also] that has its own peculiar , species-specific crescendos .

, would be ‘ inscrutable from below ’ in the way discussed , but the level of those commands could never be identified with consciousness because , as Sartre liked to point out ad nauseam , we can drive ‘ without thinking about it ’ and , moreover , at no danger to the public .
, would be ‘ inscrutable from below ’ in the way discussed , but the level of those commands could never be identified with consciousness because , as sartre liked to point out ad nauseam , we can drive ‘ without thinking about it ’ and , [also] , at no danger to the public .

Moreover , the fly 's path can not be adjusted in mid-flight , there being no way in which the pursuer can be influenced by feedback from the ( perhaps unpredictable ) movement of the target animal .
[also] , the fly 's path can not be adjusted in mid-flight , there being no way in which the pursuer can be influenced by feedback from the ( perhaps unpredictable ) movement of the target animal .

Moreover , since it is able to discover the empty space , and also those spaces that would remain empty throughout stabilization changes , it possesses a type of knowledge that would be crucial to an animal looking for a pathway or for a safe space through which to move .
[also] , since it is able to discover the empty space , and also those spaces that would remain empty throughout stabilization changes , it possesses a type of knowledge that would be crucial to an animal looking for a pathway or for a safe space through which to move .

From a subjective viewpoint , these differences do not seem to depend on linguistically-represented concepts , and moreover are of such a general character that it is implausible to ascribe them uniquely to human perceivers .
from a subjective viewpoint , these differences do not seem to depend on linguistically-represented concepts , and [also] are of such a general character that it is implausible to ascribe them uniquely to human perceivers .

Moreover , ‘ structural ’ relations between them can be clarified , by showing for instance that this computation is or is not a necessary prerequisite or accompaniment of that one .
[also] , ‘ structural ’ relations between them can be clarified , by showing for instance that this computation is or is not a necessary prerequisite or accompaniment of that one .

Moreover , their use of their disparate conceptions does not just lead them to give contradictory answers to common questions such as ‘ Were Athenian slaves a class or nut ?
[also] , their use of their disparate conceptions does not just lead them to give contradictory answers to common questions such as ‘ were athenian slaves a class or nut ?

It gives rise , moreover , to an even graver reservation about the efficacy of arguments which rely on our intuitions about agency .
it gives rise , [also] , to an even graver reservation about the efficacy of arguments which rely on our intuitions about agency .

Moreover , all indices of the intensity of sexual selection beg a problem of fundamental importance : over what period should reproductive success be measured ?
[also] , all indices of the intensity of sexual selection beg a problem of fundamental importance : over what period should reproductive success be measured ?

Moreover , sex differences in the length of effective reproductive lifespans and in the influence of age on breeding success are likely to be more pronounced in polygynous species than in monogamous ones .
[also] , sex differences in the length of effective reproductive lifespans and in the influence of age on breeding success are likely to be more pronounced in polygynous species than in monogamous ones .

Moreover , those who follow the rule benefit in natural selection .
[also] , those who follow the rule benefit in natural selection .

In other animals there is behaviour which benefits another individual , and moreover there is behaviour the end of which is to benefit another individual , in a sense of ‘ end ’ which requires a lot of work to make clear , but which is uncontentiously illustrated by behaviour the end of which is that the animal should take in food .
in other animals there is behaviour which benefits another individual , and [also] there is behaviour the end of which is to benefit another individual , in a sense of ‘ end ’ which requires a lot of work to make clear , but which is uncontentiously illustrated by behaviour the end of which is that the animal should take in food .

There is , moreover , a specially paradoxical version of it which arises from certain cases in which not only does extra conceptual content have to be introduced to characterize the human prohibition , but also the introduction of that content stands in conflict with the proposed biological explanation of it .
there is , [also] , a specially paradoxical version of it which arises from certain cases in which not only does extra conceptual content have to be introduced to characterize the human prohibition , but also the introduction of that content stands in conflict with the proposed biological explanation of it .

We also maintain close links with the electronic publishing division of a large conglomerate . Its analysis of market trends gave cause , moreover , for general optimism :
we also maintain close links with the electronic publishing division of a large conglomerate . its analysis of market trends gave cause , [also] , for general optimism :

Moreover mail delivery can not be guaranteed .
[also] mail delivery can not be guaranteed .

Moreover , when you try it out for yourself you will wonder how you ever managed without it .
[also] , when you try it out for yourself you will wonder how you ever managed without it .

Moreover the same chunk may be inserted at several places in the document .
[also] the same chunk may be inserted at several places in the document .

Moreover , there are a number of other types of measurement , such as time sampling , which because of their more specific nature are not included here .
[also] , there are a number of other types of measurement , such as time sampling , which because of their more specific nature are not included here .

Moreover , evenings were about the only time parents could relax together .
[also] , evenings were about the only time parents could relax together .

Moreover , if Olwyn went to bed at an earlier time it would obviate the Jones ' need to reinforce aspects of her bad behaviour ( for example giving in to tantrums and providing positive attention for hitting ) .
[also] , if olwyn went to bed at an earlier time it would obviate the jones ' need to reinforce aspects of her bad behaviour ( for example giving in to tantrums and providing positive attention for hitting ) .

Moreover , problems can be like Chinese whispers : the parents may be quite surprised at what you have been told about them and their problems .
[also] , problems can be like chinese whispers : the parents may be quite surprised at what you have been told about them and their problems .

Moreover , by describing the seven selected areas from a single , attractive base , the spa town of Pantlcosa , a wide range of climbs is concentrated into one slender book , this being the strength of this timely volume .
[also] , by describing the seven selected areas from a single , attractive base , the spa town of pantlcosa , a wide range of climbs is concentrated into one slender book , this being the strength of this timely volume .

Moreover , the knitting may turn out stiff and boardlike .
[also] , the knitting may turn out stiff and boardlike .

Moreover , social process is described in terms of a philosophical anthropology , of human attributes of individuals , attributes that are prior to any consciousness or action :
[also] , social process is described in terms of a philosophical anthropology , of human attributes of individuals , attributes that are prior to any consciousness or action :

Moreover , ideology is driven from outside , by the underlying political and economic context ( Althusser 1969 : 62–3 ) .
[also] , ideology is driven from outside , by the underlying political and economic context ( althusser 1969 : 62–3 ) .

Every attempt to establish what the referent of a sign is forces us to define the referent in terms of an abstract entity which moreover is only a cultural convention .
every attempt to establish what the referent of a sign is forces us to define the referent in terms of an abstract entity which [also] is only a cultural convention .

Moreover , to a great extent the health service is a victim of its own success .
[also] , to a great extent the health service is a victim of its own success .

Moreover , it is of greatest benefit to the top-rate taxpayers , as the relief granted is based on the taxpayer 's marginal ( ie highest ) rate of taxation .
[also] , it is of greatest benefit to the top-rate taxpayers , as the relief granted is based on the taxpayer 's marginal ( ie highest ) rate of taxation .

The rating system was criticised for being unaccountable — only householders paid rates and , moreover , local authorities relied on grants from central government for the majority of their funds .
the rating system was criticised for being unaccountable — only householders paid rates and , [also] , local authorities relied on grants from central government for the majority of their funds .

Moreover , such a trend would be counter to government action during the 1980s , when central government grants to local government were progressively reduced .
[also] , such a trend would be counter to government action during the 1980s , when central government grants to local government were progressively reduced .

Whatever the explanation , for some of us there was always a sense of fear in this secluded spot and that moreover linked to a train .
whatever the explanation , for some of us there was always a sense of fear in this secluded spot and that [also] linked to a train .

Moreover the raw materials are plentiful .
[also] the raw materials are plentiful .

Moreover , he seemed to have no awareness of his limitations .
[also] , he seemed to have no awareness of his limitations .

Moreover by then ( 1975 ) Fleischmann had become chair of the chemistry department at Southampton University .
[also] by then ( 1975 ) fleischmann had become chair of the chemistry department at southampton university .

Moreover , it would be very easy for Jones to check out the heat by collaborating with an electrochemist .
[also] , it would be very easy for jones to check out the heat by collaborating with an electrochemist .

But lurking beneath his great admiration , and moreover gratitude for Gascoigne 's gifts , remains a fear .
but lurking beneath his great admiration , and [also] gratitude for gascoigne 's gifts , remains a fear .

Moreover , feelings lying dormant will have already produced an individual who is troubled , unhappy and anxious , and the individuals behaviour will already be moving him or her inexorably deeper into emotional and social despair .
[also] , feelings lying dormant will have already produced an individual who is troubled , unhappy and anxious , and the individuals behaviour will already be moving him or her inexorably deeper into emotional and social despair .

Moreover , it is the social situation rather than the individual that is the source of counselling problems .
[also] , it is the social situation rather than the individual that is the source of counselling problems .

Moreover , the aim of such groups often tacitly implies that there are no issues in old age beyond meeting simple basic needs such as companionship and leisure .
[also] , the aim of such groups often tacitly implies that there are no issues in old age beyond meeting simple basic needs such as companionship and leisure .

Moreover , this is likely to be the case regardless of whether the children now live independently or the family home is still shared , for in either case there will have been an almost complete role-reversal .
[also] , this is likely to be the case regardless of whether the children now live independently or the family home is still shared , for in either case there will have been an almost complete role-reversal .

Moreover , the International Labour Office has found this to be an international trend ( Townsend , 1981 ) .
[also] , the international labour office has found this to be an international trend ( townsend , 1981 ) .

Moreover , this enforced withdrawal from social integration can quickly cause the kind of demoralization so often associated with old age .
[also] , this enforced withdrawal from social integration can quickly cause the kind of demoralization so often associated with old age .

Moreover , traditional family networks not only offered the elderly relative a place , but one which gave them an important and respected role within the family group .
[also] , traditional family networks not only offered the elderly relative a place , but one which gave them an important and respected role within the family group .

Moreover , many older people may feel too embarrassed or morally outraged to discuss the subject , especially with younger people , and if so , the subject is often best left alone .
[also] , many older people may feel too embarrassed or morally outraged to discuss the subject , especially with younger people , and if so , the subject is often best left alone .

Moreover , joints become stiff , muscles become weak and organs become progressively more inefficient .
[also] , joints become stiff , muscles become weak and organs become progressively more inefficient .

Moreover , it is the doctor-counsellor as much as anyone else who needs to ask these questions , for often spending time considering these aspects of ill-health might be more helpful than a prescription for drugs .
[also] , it is the doctor-counsellor as much as anyone else who needs to ask these questions , for often spending time considering these aspects of ill-health might be more helpful than a prescription for drugs .

Nevertheless , a 15 m ( 50 ft ) animal is no mean beast ; moreover , because of the way that the earliest known whales so closely resemble modern ones , we have to assume that their ancestry stretched back some way , even though no relevant fossils have yet been discovered .
nevertheless , a 15 m ( 50 ft ) animal is no mean beast ; [also] , because of the way that the earliest known whales so closely resemble modern ones , we have to assume that their ancestry stretched back some way , even though no relevant fossils have yet been discovered .

The results of the survey are still controversial , so perhaps we should not allow them too much weight . Moreover , as Dr Matt McGue of the University of Minnesota commented at the time ,
the results of the survey are still controversial , so perhaps we should not allow them too much weight . [also] , as dr matt mcgue of the university of minnesota commented at the time ,

In whatever direction we look , the light from the galaxies shows this redshift ; moreover , the more distant a galaxy , the greater its redshift .
in whatever direction we look , the light from the galaxies shows this redshift ; [also] , the more distant a galaxy , the greater its redshift .

Moreover , white holes , by acting as conduits to bring new material and spacetime into new regions of the Universe , would act in rather the same way as ‘ Little Bangs ’ , at least on the local level ( the ‘ locality ’ , of course , being extremely large ) .
[also] , white holes , by acting as conduits to bring new material and spacetime into new regions of the universe , would act in rather the same way as ‘ little bangs ’ , at least on the local level ( the ‘ locality ’ , of course , being extremely large ) .

Moreover , because of the inexorable force of gravity , in due course — over many billions of years — the entire galaxy must be consumed … if these ideas are correct .
[also] , because of the inexorable force of gravity , in due course — over many billions of years — the entire galaxy must be consumed … if these ideas are correct .

( Moreover , the very fact of our taking that look can , as Werner Heisenberg pointed out , anyway affect the behaviour of the particle concerned .
( [also] , the very fact of our taking that look can , as werner heisenberg pointed out , anyway affect the behaviour of the particle concerned .

Moreover the reparations clauses of the Treaty , far from helping to restore the economic life of Europe , merely complicated the enormous problems of putting the world economy back together again .
[also] the reparations clauses of the treaty , far from helping to restore the economic life of europe , merely complicated the enormous problems of putting the world economy back together again .

Moreover the Labour Party would also have to be prepared to co-operate with Liberals and dissident Conservatives in the formation of a new Government .
[also] the labour party would also have to be prepared to co-operate with liberals and dissident conservatives in the formation of a new government .

Moreover many lost faith in Britain 's ability , under any government , to prevent the slide into war .
[also] many lost faith in britain 's ability , under any government , to prevent the slide into war .

Moreover there was no infallible way of telling how long ago the hardener had hen put in ; With the usual frailty of human nature this led to all sorts of mistakes .
[also] there was no infallible way of telling how long ago the hardener had hen put in ; with the usual frailty of human nature this led to all sorts of mistakes .

The traditional career patterns followed in this country have not produced ministers or civil servants with either the skills or the experience to perform such a task ; and , moreover , business leaders would not welcome the loss of the freedom to run their affairs as they think best .
the traditional career patterns followed in this country have not produced ministers or civil servants with either the skills or the experience to perform such a task ; and , [also] , business leaders would not welcome the loss of the freedom to run their affairs as they think best .

Moreover , the ‘ curved path ’ , ‘ whirling mass ’ , ‘ cosmic wheel ’ or spiralling vortex described by the ancients as the integrating pattern of cosmic universal energy , can only be seen to have the endorsement of modern research and understanding .
[also] , the ‘ curved path ’ , ‘ whirling mass ’ , ‘ cosmic wheel ’ or spiralling vortex described by the ancients as the integrating pattern of cosmic universal energy , can only be seen to have the endorsement of modern research and understanding .

Moreover , it is not clear that the changes which took place were related so much to any general process of social change as to the specific economic and social changes which occurred in Sri Lanka .
[also] , it is not clear that the changes which took place were related so much to any general process of social change as to the specific economic and social changes which occurred in sri lanka .

Moreover , the simplification of the structure of the courts along utilitarian lines proceeded more thoroughly in Sri Lanka than in Britain itself .
[also] , the simplification of the structure of the courts along utilitarian lines proceeded more thoroughly in sri lanka than in britain itself .

Moreover , because tea required a more stable labour supply than coffee the plantation Tamils became more settled , though many continued to retain some ties with India .
[also] , because tea required a more stable labour supply than coffee the plantation tamils became more settled , though many continued to retain some ties with india .

Moreover , many officials believed that chenas caused soil erosion and that the grains produced on them were unhealthy .
[also] , many officials believed that chenas caused soil erosion and that the grains produced on them were unhealthy .

Moreover , a large proportion of traders and persons who followed service professions also owned land and sometimes cultivated it themselves .
[also] , a large proportion of traders and persons who followed service professions also owned land and sometimes cultivated it themselves .

Moreover , in the 1890s the British for the first time consistently encouraged headmen to report all cases .
[also] , in the 1890s the british for the first time consistently encouraged headmen to report all cases .

Moreover , as interpreters of animal behaviour we have our own convenience to consider ; to dissolve species ( and human societies too , as in classical economics ) into uniformly egoistic atoms offers much the best prospect of finding simple laws to apply to them .
[also] , as interpreters of animal behaviour we have our own convenience to consider ; to dissolve species ( and human societies too , as in classical economics ) into uniformly egoistic atoms offers much the best prospect of finding simple laws to apply to them .

Moreover , he noticed an electric lighting cable passing over the wall to an adjoining house , which he found was occupied by a senior official .
[also] , he noticed an electric lighting cable passing over the wall to an adjoining house , which he found was occupied by a senior official .

Moreover the two jobs are , in a sense , completely different .
[also] the two jobs are , in a sense , completely different .

Moreover , she had a room to let on the ground floor , with two beds .
[also] , she had a room to let on the ground floor , with two beds .

Moreover , they did not time themselves well with Miss Beard 's .
[also] , they did not time themselves well with miss beard 's .

Moreover , it will be guilty of giving succour , however tacit , to a regime where people continue to be deprived of their democratic rights , to suffer and to be killed , purely on the grounds of the colour of their skin .
[also] , it will be guilty of giving succour , however tacit , to a regime where people continue to be deprived of their democratic rights , to suffer and to be killed , purely on the grounds of the colour of their skin .

Moreover , if Theo wanted to love — and he knew he was as desolate and starved of love as he , Vincent , had once been — then a belief in God was an absolute necessity .
[also] , if theo wanted to love — and he knew he was as desolate and starved of love as he , vincent , had once been — then a belief in god was an absolute necessity .

Moreover , the North American Securities Administration Association has gone so far as to accuse the South Pacific micro-states of Nauru , Vanuatu , Tonga and the Marshall and Northern Mariana Islands of being ‘ international centres of prostitute banking ’ .
[also] , the north american securities administration association has gone so far as to accuse the south pacific micro-states of nauru , vanuatu , tonga and the marshall and northern mariana islands of being ‘ international centres of prostitute banking ’ .

Moreover , as these demands have grown , so have the commercial pressures on companies to present their results and state of affairs in the best light , and this in turn has sometimes led to difficulties for auditors in standing up to directors who fix their remuneration and who , in practice , have the power to dismiss them .
[also] , as these demands have grown , so have the commercial pressures on companies to present their results and state of affairs in the best light , and this in turn has sometimes led to difficulties for auditors in standing up to directors who fix their remuneration and who , in practice , have the power to dismiss them .

‘ Moreover , the bishop has a proven record of outstanding pastoral work , particularly amongst young people , ’ he said .
‘ [also] , the bishop has a proven record of outstanding pastoral work , particularly amongst young people , ’ he said .

Moreover , the specification of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently attested .
[also] , the specification of new categories and relations provides the means for manipulating phenomena by giving their underlying features a realization which is not currently attested .

Moreover , on top of the purchase commission there is usually a charge when cashing the cheque , although both Amex and Thomas Cook have offices around the world where their cheques can be cashed free of charge .
[also] , on top of the purchase commission there is usually a charge when cashing the cheque , although both amex and thomas cook have offices around the world where their cheques can be cashed free of charge .

Moreover , for purchases and bills in general , cards tend to work out cheaper than the cash alternative , as the card issuers tot up all the day 's transactions and exchange the total at a favourable exchange rate , usually around 2% to 3% better than the one available to the public .
[also] , for purchases and bills in general , cards tend to work out cheaper than the cash alternative , as the card issuers tot up all the day 's transactions and exchange the total at a favourable exchange rate , usually around 2% to 3% better than the one available to the public .

Moreover there is a notable tendency to be selective , in that one positively elects to assist a particular aunt , nephew or cousin , with whom one happens to have a good relationship .
[also] there is a notable tendency to be selective , in that one positively elects to assist a particular aunt , nephew or cousin , with whom one happens to have a good relationship .

Moreover , glial tumours express p185 erbB2 ( refs 43 , 44 ) , a candidate receptor for these proteins that is also associated with adenocarcinoma formation .
[also] , glial tumours express p185 erbb2 ( refs 43 , 44 ) , a candidate receptor for these proteins that is also associated with adenocarcinoma formation .

Moreover , the ozone deposition velocity is so low over water ( 0.1cms -1 ) that dry deposition can not explain the rate of ozone loss apparent in Fig .
[also] , the ozone deposition velocity is so low over water ( 0.1cms -1 ) that dry deposition can not explain the rate of ozone loss apparent in fig .

Moreover , comets may be less dense than the 1gcm -3 value chosen here ; values as low as m 0.3gcm -3 may be possible .
[also] , comets may be less dense than the 1gcm -3 value chosen here ; values as low as m 0.3gcm -3 may be possible .

Moreover , even where it has been demonstrated that long tails are costly but are preferred by choosy females , resolving how such preferences have evolved is difficult , particularly if females gain no direct benefits from their choice of mating partners .
[also] , even where it has been demonstrated that long tails are costly but are preferred by choosy females , resolving how such preferences have evolved is difficult , particularly if females gain no direct benefits from their choice of mating partners .

Moreover , under the optimality theory the outcome does not depend on patterns of pleiotropy , and could in theory be reached by fixation of alleles each with an effect on fitness at only one age .
[also] , under the optimality theory the outcome does not depend on patterns of pleiotropy , and could in theory be reached by fixation of alleles each with an effect on fitness at only one age .

Because of this mutual enthusiasm , observers of English law think it unlikely that the commission will want to change the jury system much . Moreover they expect the commission to push for a more careful approach in other areas , in particular :
because of this mutual enthusiasm , observers of english law think it unlikely that the commission will want to change the jury system much . [also] they expect the commission to push for a more careful approach in other areas , in particular :

Moreover , America 's computer industry is just the sort of high-skill , high-wage industry Mr Clinton says he wants to promote .
[also] , america 's computer industry is just the sort of high-skill , high-wage industry mr clinton says he wants to promote .

Moreover , the gold market 's lengthy depression has made it particularly susceptible to a bull raid .
[also] , the gold market 's lengthy depression has made it particularly susceptible to a bull raid .

Moreover , in order to keep up payments on their debts , governments use up scarce foreign exchange .
[also] , in order to keep up payments on their debts , governments use up scarce foreign exchange .

The commercial farms , moreover , are the largest single employer in a country with unemployment touching 40 % .
the commercial farms , [also] , are the largest single employer in a country with unemployment touching 40 % .

Moreover , these figures include continuing payments for many older licences , when Japan imported more technology and exported less .
[also] , these figures include continuing payments for many older licences , when japan imported more technology and exported less .

Moreover , even as late as 1985 , an unpublished government document reveals , there were 989 children among one day 's population in Indian prisons , on 30 June 1985 .
[also] , even as late as 1985 , an unpublished government document reveals , there were 989 children among one day 's population in indian prisons , on 30 june 1985 .

Moreover , Bihar had been forced a year earlier to release over 27,000 undertrials , following orders from the Supreme Court in Hussainara ( Shourie 1980 : 137–8 ) .
[also] , bihar had been forced a year earlier to release over 27,000 undertrials , following orders from the supreme court in hussainara ( shourie 1980 : 137–8 ) .

However , although the Council said an awful lot , much of it was rather long-winded ; moreover , it avoided solemn definitions and almost avoided direct condemnations .
however , although the council said an awful lot , much of it was rather long-winded ; [also] , it avoided solemn definitions and almost avoided direct condemnations .

Things matter if , as themes , they can be seen to be frequently returned to in the documents and , moreover , to be responding to the stated purposes of Pope John in calling the Council .
things matter if , as themes , they can be seen to be frequently returned to in the documents and , [also] , to be responding to the stated purposes of pope john in calling the council .

This did not at first include the canon of the Mass , but the momentum of change was such in the early post-conciliar period — moreover , the absurdity of retaining an isolated island of Latin was so obvious — that this quickly followed .
this did not at first include the canon of the mass , but the momentum of change was such in the early post-conciliar period — [also] , the absurdity of retaining an isolated island of latin was so obvious — that this quickly followed .

Moreover it printed in London as well as Manchester for most of the post-war years until its closure in 1960 .
[also] it printed in london as well as manchester for most of the post-war years until its closure in 1960 .

Each was owned , moreover , by one of the national dailies — the Evening News by the Daily Mail , the Evening Standard by the Daily Express and the Star by the News Chronicle .
each was owned , [also] , by one of the national dailies — the evening news by the daily mail , the evening standard by the daily express and the star by the news chronicle .

Moreover it was the last mass circulation Liberal daily and was closed by abrupt merger with the Daily Mail — a Conservative paper .
[also] it was the last mass circulation liberal daily and was closed by abrupt merger with the daily mail — a conservative paper .

All of the other towns just mentioned , moreover , also had evening papers .
all of the other towns just mentioned , [also] , also had evening papers .

Moreover , the total number of titles was very much larger .
[also] , the total number of titles was very much larger .

Moreover it was a complex issue , rather than simply splitting opinion on party lines .
[also] it was a complex issue , rather than simply splitting opinion on party lines .

Moreover , such tests are a detriment to good education since teachers spend an inordinate amount of class time preparing students for them , particularly if the results are intended to be used to hold teachers and schools accountable for their performance .
[also] , such tests are a detriment to good education since teachers spend an inordinate amount of class time preparing students for them , particularly if the results are intended to be used to hold teachers and schools accountable for their performance .

This year there is a Democrat in the White House ; and one , moreover , who has promised to be tougher on China than Mr Bush .
this year there is a democrat in the white house ; and one , [also] , who has promised to be tougher on china than mr bush .

Mr Shahal , moreover , has been discussing the creation of a Palestinian police force for the West Bank and Gaza .
mr shahal , [also] , has been discussing the creation of a palestinian police force for the west bank and gaza .

Moreover , the overhang of unsold properties is evaporating much faster than expected .
[also] , the overhang of unsold properties is evaporating much faster than expected .

The conceits point to a monstrous self-perversion , the forfeiting of integrity and the living out of a lie at which , moreover , his mind or heart knowingly connives .
the conceits point to a monstrous self-perversion , the forfeiting of integrity and the living out of a lie at which , [also] , his mind or heart knowingly connives .

Moreover the whole point of the form of the public corporation favoured by moderate opinion in all parties ( and represented in the Labour Party by the Morrisonian conception ) was that it was up to the management ( and not the politicians or civil servants ) to develop the details of policy and organisation within only very broad guidelines .
[also] the whole point of the form of the public corporation favoured by moderate opinion in all parties ( and represented in the labour party by the morrisonian conception ) was that it was up to the management ( and not the politicians or civil servants ) to develop the details of policy and organisation within only very broad guidelines .

Moreover , the level of detail was frequently too great to be effectively dealt with by the committees , many members of which were non-specialists .
[also] , the level of detail was frequently too great to be effectively dealt with by the committees , many members of which were non-specialists .

Such concepts of group loyalty and common purpose were , moreover , not entirely unfamiliar to the business world he had entered : many of the pre-vesting undertakings had developed a strong group identity among staff .
such concepts of group loyalty and common purpose were , [also] , not entirely unfamiliar to the business world he had entered : many of the pre-vesting undertakings had developed a strong group identity among staff .

Moreover , many domestic consumers were on tariffs in which extra kWhs purchased were cheaper than the initial units .
[also] , many domestic consumers were on tariffs in which extra kwhs purchased were cheaper than the initial units .

As nationalisation approached , moreover , the independent undertakings were in no mood to increase prices .
as nationalisation approached , [also] , the independent undertakings were in no mood to increase prices .

They were , moreover , quite convinced that the Clow differential would cause greater problems than the committee realised .
they were , [also] , quite convinced that the clow differential would cause greater problems than the committee realised .

Citrine recognised , moreover , that his own highly visible profile could sometimes be counterproductive .
citrine recognised , [also] , that his own highly visible profile could sometimes be counterproductive .

Such a conception was , moreover , implicit in the ideal of the independent public corporation , not subject ( like the civil service ) to parliamentary scrutiny of the details of its policy .
such a conception was , [also] , implicit in the ideal of the independent public corporation , not subject ( like the civil service ) to parliamentary scrutiny of the details of its policy .

By the mid-1950s , moreover , with technical progress and economies of scale expected to reduce the capital cost of future generating plant below typical early 1950s levels ( see pp .
by the mid-1950s , [also] , with technical progress and economies of scale expected to reduce the capital cost of future generating plant below typical early 1950s levels ( see pp .

Short-term contracyclical changes in electricity investment were , moreover , extremely difficult for the Boards to accommodate , given the long lead-times of their investment projects .
short-term contracyclical changes in electricity investment were , [also] , extremely difficult for the boards to accommodate , given the long lead-times of their investment projects .

Moreover , while it is perhaps plausible that , because of such factors , there was some over-investment in electricity , the potential economic penalties of this misallocation were probably rather small .
[also] , while it is perhaps plausible that , because of such factors , there was some over-investment in electricity , the potential economic penalties of this misallocation were probably rather small .

Moreover , the cases that did occur ( and the Central Authority 's reluctant acquiescence in them ) pointed up the importance of internal politics as well as commercial disciplines in determining both the Boards ' behaviour and internal resource allocation .
[also] , the cases that did occur ( and the central authority 's reluctant acquiescence in them ) pointed up the importance of internal politics as well as commercial disciplines in determining both the boards ' behaviour and internal resource allocation .

There were , moreover , rather more poor urban dwellers still lacking electricity supply than there were rural dwellers , and investment in the reinforcement , standardisation and extension of urban supplies ( some of which the Boards considered would be remunerative ) was being cut back while this uneconomic development of rural areas was pressed forward .
there were , [also] , rather more poor urban dwellers still lacking electricity supply than there were rural dwellers , and investment in the reinforcement , standardisation and extension of urban supplies ( some of which the boards considered would be remunerative ) was being cut back while this uneconomic development of rural areas was pressed forward .

For some chairmen , moreover , the prospect of playing Father Christmas ( which their rural electrification largesse offered them ) provided a not entirely unwelcome opportunity to affirm their commitment to the local community , and the voices of discontent raised against the policy were few .
for some chairmen , [also] , the prospect of playing father christmas ( which their rural electrification largesse offered them ) provided a not entirely unwelcome opportunity to affirm their commitment to the local community , and the voices of discontent raised against the policy were few .

It is , moreover , debatable whether the dynamic , competitive stimulus of the rivalry between the two industries also had good effects in sharpening the commercial edge of both of them .
it is , [also] , debatable whether the dynamic , competitive stimulus of the rivalry between the two industries also had good effects in sharpening the commercial edge of both of them .

There were , moreover , many commercial men within the Boards who felt that in the long run it would be desirable and economic to win the space heating load .
there were , [also] , many commercial men within the boards who felt that in the long run it would be desirable and economic to win the space heating load .

The nationalised Boards , being larger than their predecessors , could , moreover , now afford to employ more specialist sales staff to cater for these markets ( though they found that their pay scales made it difficult to recruit and keep good industrial salesmen in competition with the electrical manufacturing concerns ) .
the nationalised boards , being larger than their predecessors , could , [also] , now afford to employ more specialist sales staff to cater for these markets ( though they found that their pay scales made it difficult to recruit and keep good industrial salesmen in competition with the electrical manufacturing concerns ) .

With large consumers , moreover , the cost of more complex metering was justified , and most were placed on a tariff based on their measured maximum demand as well as a cost-based running charge .
with large consumers , [also] , the cost of more complex metering was justified , and most were placed on a tariff based on their measured maximum demand as well as a cost-based running charge .

In areas where manufacturers or users were unwilling to pioneer applications , moreover , the Electricity Boards were able to finance demonstration projects , with some success in areas such as off-peak concrete-embedded electric floor heating for new factory , office and housing projects , and novel industrial processes of small scale .
in areas where manufacturers or users were unwilling to pioneer applications , [also] , the electricity boards were able to finance demonstration projects , with some success in areas such as off-peak concrete-embedded electric floor heating for new factory , office and housing projects , and novel industrial processes of small scale .

Moreover , industries tend to prefer virgin raw materials : they are more likely to be of consistent quality and in dependable supply .
[also] , industries tend to prefer virgin raw materials : they are more likely to be of consistent quality and in dependable supply .

Moreover Tao claims to have found substantial funding and board-level interest from some of the biggest Japanese computer and electronics companies , the identities of which will be announced this summer .
[also] tao claims to have found substantial funding and board-level interest from some of the biggest japanese computer and electronics companies , the identities of which will be announced this summer .

Moreover , you give a misleading impression that Japan 's foreign aid is a tool to promote Japanese companies ' business activities .
[also] , you give a misleading impression that japan 's foreign aid is a tool to promote japanese companies ' business activities .

Moreover , so-called inequities have been addressed for a number of years .
[also] , so-called inequities have been addressed for a number of years .

Moreover , it is misleading to cite the expenditure of Bloomfield Hills , one of the nation 's wealthiest enclaves , where homes cost from $ 100,000 into the millions .
[also] , it is misleading to cite the expenditure of bloomfield hills , one of the nation 's wealthiest enclaves , where homes cost from $ 100,000 into the millions .

Moreover , since last September , sterling has fallen farthest — and so gained most in competitiveness — against non-EC currencies : by 22 % against the dollar and 32 % against the yen , compared with only 13 % against the D-mark .
[also] , since last september , sterling has fallen farthest — and so gained most in competitiveness — against non-ec currencies : by 22 % against the dollar and 32 % against the yen , compared with only 13 % against the d-mark .

Moreover , the role of the police is in dispute .
[also] , the role of the police is in dispute .

Moreover , the country remains heavily over-banked .
[also] , the country remains heavily over-banked .

Moreover , focusing is not Mr Clinton 's strength .
[also] , focusing is not mr clinton 's strength .

MacLachlan , moreover , was not averse to seeking further advantages for himself , for while acknowledging Milton 's assistance in getting him a tack of two farms in Morvern for nineteen years , which would scarcely appear to be a short lease , he complained that he had been informed that other tenants had obtained tacks of three times the length of that which he had from the Duke of Argyll , urging that he could ‘ be as usefull as any in that Countrey by introduceing a cheap method of improvement and otherwise ’ .
maclachlan , [also] , was not averse to seeking further advantages for himself , for while acknowledging milton 's assistance in getting him a tack of two farms in morvern for nineteen years , which would scarcely appear to be a short lease , he complained that he had been informed that other tenants had obtained tacks of three times the length of that which he had from the duke of argyll , urging that he could ‘ be as usefull as any in that countrey by introduceing a cheap method of improvement and otherwise ’ .

Moreover , through the agency of these men , many Scottish gentlemen found places as midshipmen on board East Indiamen and , with experience gained in that rank , could be advanced in the hierarchy of ship 's officers , although it must be conceded that an appointment as midshipman , or fifth or sixth officer of an Indiaman was not to be compared to the value of a writership or cadetship in the Company 's own service .
[also] , through the agency of these men , many scottish gentlemen found places as midshipmen on board east indiamen and , with experience gained in that rank , could be advanced in the hierarchy of ship 's officers , although it must be conceded that an appointment as midshipman , or fifth or sixth officer of an indiaman was not to be compared to the value of a writership or cadetship in the company 's own service .

Customs officers , moreover , might be located on a particular station as a favour to burgh councillors , some of whom were not infrequently deeply involved in smuggling , and there is a suspicious insistence in some of the correspondence upon the placing of an individual in a very specific place , particularly in those districts distant from Edinburgh .
customs officers , [also] , might be located on a particular station as a favour to burgh councillors , some of whom were not infrequently deeply involved in smuggling , and there is a suspicious insistence in some of the correspondence upon the placing of an individual in a very specific place , particularly in those districts distant from edinburgh .

Provost John Cunningham admitted that Main had not possessed a commission as watchman and was indeed an extraordinary officer employed only when there was work for him to perform , but there seems little reason to doubt that Main 's removal was intended to serve the political interest of the Haldanes , for his removal was not an isolated case , and , moreover , when the Hamilton salt works resumed operations the excise supervisors did not in fact restore Main to his old post , but appointed an individual named Curinan to the vacancy .
provost john cunningham admitted that main had not possessed a commission as watchman and was indeed an extraordinary officer employed only when there was work for him to perform , but there seems little reason to doubt that main 's removal was intended to serve the political interest of the haldanes , for his removal was not an isolated case , and , [also] , when the hamilton salt works resumed operations the excise supervisors did not in fact restore main to his old post , but appointed an individual named curinan to the vacancy .

The Haldane partisan , Morris , moreover , said openly that he defied Captain Cunningham and all his friends and supporters to remove him again from the town .
the haldane partisan , morris , [also] , said openly that he defied captain cunningham and all his friends and supporters to remove him again from the town .

The provost noted , moreover , that Cunnan was named by the commissioners in Edinburgh , among whom Haldane 's influence lay , and the effect was extremely damaging to both the Cunningham and the Argyll interests in the district .
the provost noted , [also] , that cunnan was named by the commissioners in edinburgh , among whom haldane 's influence lay , and the effect was extremely damaging to both the cunningham and the argyll interests in the district .

Moreover , it was a scarcely a trifle or a thing easy to get , for Mulgrave 's predecessor in office , Lord Chatham , had a list of 165 candidates with vacancies for only sixteen or seventeen a year .
[also] , it was a scarcely a trifle or a thing easy to get , for mulgrave 's predecessor in office , lord chatham , had a list of 165 candidates with vacancies for only sixteen or seventeen a year .

The Administration , moreover , while having the greatest influence in both judicial and church appointments , had sole control over a number of academic posts , which were also attractive to some of the freeholders , several of whom succeeded in obtaining university chairs .
the administration , [also] , while having the greatest influence in both judicial and church appointments , had sole control over a number of academic posts , which were also attractive to some of the freeholders , several of whom succeeded in obtaining university chairs .

It should not be forgotten , moreover , that Jacobite gentlemen had non-Jacobite relatives , and a favour to the kinsman in difficulties with the law was also a favour to lairds who might have good reason to expect the politician 's help .
it should not be forgotten , [also] , that jacobite gentlemen had non-jacobite relatives , and a favour to the kinsman in difficulties with the law was also a favour to lairds who might have good reason to expect the politician 's help .

It was , moreover , generally a patronage source for government itself , and no ordinary burgh or county member of parliament would have much concern with it , though George Dempster of Dunnichen , when member of parliament for the Dundee district , thought it worth his while to attempt an approach to Lord Cassillis , who had the right of presentation to the chair of humanity in the University of St. Andrews , to seek that appointment for political advantage .
it was , [also] , generally a patronage source for government itself , and no ordinary burgh or county member of parliament would have much concern with it , though george dempster of dunnichen , when member of parliament for the dundee district , thought it worth his while to attempt an approach to lord cassillis , who had the right of presentation to the chair of humanity in the university of st. andrews , to seek that appointment for political advantage .

The salary paid to the collector by the county for his efforts to extract the cess from the taxpayers , moreover , was sufficient to stimulate competition for the post , and the attraction was enough on occasion to cause severe embarrassment to county politicians , who feared that support for one candidate would lead to the permanent alienation of his rivals and their friends .
the salary paid to the collector by the county for his efforts to extract the cess from the taxpayers , [also] , was sufficient to stimulate competition for the post , and the attraction was enough on occasion to cause severe embarrassment to county politicians , who feared that support for one candidate would lead to the permanent alienation of his rivals and their friends .

Moreover , these traditional wisdoms of family life do not survive modern scrutiny .
[also] , these traditional wisdoms of family life do not survive modern scrutiny .

Many transracial adopters find it difficult to refer to the child as black , and moreover they feel , as we have seen , that telling the child about his or her ethnic origin is potentially dangerous ( Gill and Jackson , 1983 , p. 130 ) .
many transracial adopters find it difficult to refer to the child as black , and [also] they feel , as we have seen , that telling the child about his or her ethnic origin is potentially dangerous ( gill and jackson , 1983 , p. 130 ) .

Moreover , the residential sector serves the important functions of observation , assessment and containment of some of the most troubled young people in care .
[also] , the residential sector serves the important functions of observation , assessment and containment of some of the most troubled young people in care .

Mr Rabin , moreover , is trying to draw yet another ultra-orthodox party , the United Torah Front , into his coalition .
mr rabin , [also] , is trying to draw yet another ultra-orthodox party , the united torah front , into his coalition .

Moreover , short-term money creates a horrific refinancing task when the debt falls due .
[also] , short-term money creates a horrific refinancing task when the debt falls due .

Moreover , even under Mr Yeltsin , Russia has not been coy about its hope that the Ukrainians will come back to the fold .
[also] , even under mr yeltsin , russia has not been coy about its hope that the ukrainians will come back to the fold .

Abberley ( 1989 ) argues that the specific form of normality being advocated becomes disabling in itself as it inhibits expressions of difference . He claims , moreover , that such a view is
abberley ( 1989 ) argues that the specific form of normality being advocated becomes disabling in itself as it inhibits expressions of difference . he claims , [also] , that such a view is

Moreover , procedures are established for parents to seek clarification , state objections and appeal against recommendations .
[also] , procedures are established for parents to seek clarification , state objections and appeal against recommendations .

Moreover , in practice , they may lack the power to negotiate on equal terms with professionals about the interrelationship between the needs of different participants in the assessment .
[also] , in practice , they may lack the power to negotiate on equal terms with professionals about the interrelationship between the needs of different participants in the assessment .

Moreover , ‘ we know not , and can not know , anything of bodies but the sensations which they excite in us ’ .
[also] , ‘ we know not , and can not know , anything of bodies but the sensations which they excite in us ’ .

Moreover , the only properties he would allow to matter were ones that could be dealt with by the science of mathematics .
[also] , the only properties he would allow to matter were ones that could be dealt with by the science of mathematics .

In Locke 's Essay , moreover it is a theory with considerable ramifications .
in locke 's essay , [also] it is a theory with considerable ramifications .

Moreover — and this must indeed have given the legate food for reflection — Anselm said he was too busy with the defence of the part of the country which the king had committed to his care , to have a meeting with the legate .
[also] — and this must indeed have given the legate food for reflection — anselm said he was too busy with the defence of the part of the country which the king had committed to his care , to have a meeting with the legate .

Moreover , the vice of sodomy , which Anselm was especially harsh in denouncing in his conciliar decrees , was not one to which Henry 's court , unlike Rufus 's , was especially addicted .
[also] , the vice of sodomy , which anselm was especially harsh in denouncing in his conciliar decrees , was not one to which henry 's court , unlike rufus 's , was especially addicted .

Moreover , in none of these surviving volumes is there any sign of interest or skill in the rapidly developing scholastic disciplines of northern France and Lorraine at this time .
[also] , in none of these surviving volumes is there any sign of interest or skill in the rapidly developing scholastic disciplines of northern france and lorraine at this time .

Moreover the prior , who was the effective day-to-day head of the community , was still Henry , who shared Lanfranc 's doubts about the native saints .
[also] the prior , who was the effective day-to-day head of the community , was still henry , who shared lanfranc 's doubts about the native saints .

Moreover , it seems very likely that Anselm was referring to the search for relics conducted in secret by Osbern and Eadmer ; and it is also likely that Anselm had heard of the search from Eadmer himself .
[also] , it seems very likely that anselm was referring to the search for relics conducted in secret by osbern and eadmer ; and it is also likely that anselm had heard of the search from eadmer himself .

Moreover , the Prado will receive considerably less space than was promised by the Ministry only seven months ago .
[also] , the prado will receive considerably less space than was promised by the ministry only seven months ago .

Moreover , most are not concerned with the environment , with very good reason : they live in extremely crowded conditions with poor amenities , including inadequate sewage and waste disposal .
[also] , most are not concerned with the environment , with very good reason : they live in extremely crowded conditions with poor amenities , including inadequate sewage and waste disposal .

Moreover , the effect is perpetuated as each birth cohort advances up the age scale , especially if its mortality rate is greater or less than that of previous cohorts .
[also] , the effect is perpetuated as each birth cohort advances up the age scale , especially if its mortality rate is greater or less than that of previous cohorts .

Moreover , we have to make sure that older people have increased opportunities for personal fulfilment after their retirement from employment which may have been both meaningful and given them their self-esteem .
[also] , we have to make sure that older people have increased opportunities for personal fulfilment after their retirement from employment which may have been both meaningful and given them their self-esteem .

Moreover , the need for assistance increased with age .
[also] , the need for assistance increased with age .

Moreover , it was those that were most likely to suffer long periods of unemployment and non-employment and for whom early retirement was a realistic option , i.e .
[also] , it was those that were most likely to suffer long periods of unemployment and non-employment and for whom early retirement was a realistic option , i.e .

Moreover , the possible long-term consequences of current policies , such as deeper poverty in advanced old age , have not yet been sufficiently considered publicly ( Walker 1982b : 66–9 ) .
[also] , the possible long-term consequences of current policies , such as deeper poverty in advanced old age , have not yet been sufficiently considered publicly ( walker 1982b : 66–9 ) .

Moreover , the activity rate just before retirement , 55–59 , has fractionally increased over this time period , so that nearly as many women as men are working as they approach the age of retirement .
[also] , the activity rate just before retirement , 55–59 , has fractionally increased over this time period , so that nearly as many women as men are working as they approach the age of retirement .

Moreover , Swiss law contains relatively strict rules relating to the proof of good faith .
[also] , swiss law contains relatively strict rules relating to the proof of good faith .

She knew she would n't sleep ; moreover , she was hungry .
she knew she would n't sleep ; [also] , she was hungry .

Moreover , his speeches had not been fundamentally concerned with ‘ Britain with the continent ’ , but with ‘ Britain and the continent ’ .
[also] , his speeches had not been fundamentally concerned with ‘ britain with the continent ’ , but with ‘ britain and the continent ’ .

Moreover , had the local police contacted the British Consul at once , his friends and family would have got to Spain earlier to ensure that all efforts were being made to find him .
[also] , had the local police contacted the british consul at once , his friends and family would have got to spain earlier to ensure that all efforts were being made to find him .

Moreover , ‘ Let this people go ’ the Birmingham female reformers asserted , were the words of ‘ the voice of reason , of conscience , of revelation ’ .
[also] , ‘ let this people go ’ the birmingham female reformers asserted , were the words of ‘ the voice of reason , of conscience , of revelation ’ .

Moreover , it constituted a barrier to carrying God 's order to other parts of the human family .
[also] , it constituted a barrier to carrying god 's order to other parts of the human family .

It was , moreover , a national interest understood as the interest of all .
it was , [also] , a national interest understood as the interest of all .

Moreover , the significance of public meetings in the late eighteenth and earlier nineteenth centuries differed according to both their type and the changing general political context .
[also] , the significance of public meetings in the late eighteenth and earlier nineteenth centuries differed according to both their type and the changing general political context .

Moreover , since the 1788 petitions were not part of a movement pursuing significant change in the political system or attacking the range of government policy , the application of humanitarian and general interest criteria to a question of trade probably appeared relatively innocuous to those who were not directly involved .
[also] , since the 1788 petitions were not part of a movement pursuing significant change in the political system or attacking the range of government policy , the application of humanitarian and general interest criteria to a question of trade probably appeared relatively innocuous to those who were not directly involved .

George Stephen , moreover , agreed with his brother that , at least in the earlier stages of antislavery , exceptional individuals rather than reform associations shaped the movement for change .
george stephen , [also] , agreed with his brother that , at least in the earlier stages of antislavery , exceptional individuals rather than reform associations shaped the movement for change .

Moreover , since they are not aquatic , earthworms do not carry the usual parasites and bacteria that lead to fish diseases .
[also] , since they are not aquatic , earthworms do not carry the usual parasites and bacteria that lead to fish diseases .

Moreover all fish fry , even very small ones such as tetras , barbs or Apistogramma , can take the smallest white worm , ensuring their survival and rapid growth .
[also] all fish fry , even very small ones such as tetras , barbs or apistogramma , can take the smallest white worm , ensuring their survival and rapid growth .

Moreover , there are within it , more than most other subjects , marked political differences between the leading figures in the field .
[also] , there are within it , more than most other subjects , marked political differences between the leading figures in the field .

Moreover , British society has been characterized by significant ‘ sub-national ’ cultures — Scottish , Welsh , Irish — which are interwoven with linguistic and religious differences .
[also] , british society has been characterized by significant ‘ sub-national ’ cultures — scottish , welsh , irish — which are interwoven with linguistic and religious differences .

Moreover , in all these sectors , shortages were particularly experienced in jobs involving unskilled and semi-skilled work , low pay , shift working , unsocial hours and unpleasant working conditions ( Smith , 1977 , pp .
[also] , in all these sectors , shortages were particularly experienced in jobs involving unskilled and semi-skilled work , low pay , shift working , unsocial hours and unpleasant working conditions ( smith , 1977 , pp .

Moreover , as Gordon and Newnham ( 1986 ) recently emphasized , ‘ Black people who do find jobs consistently earn less than white people and are in lower level jobs , even when differences in qualifications , work experience and language difficulties are taken into account .
[also] , as gordon and newnham ( 1986 ) recently emphasized , ‘ black people who do find jobs consistently earn less than white people and are in lower level jobs , even when differences in qualifications , work experience and language difficulties are taken into account .

Moreover , research in this context has demonstrated the existence of misleading stereotypes of the abilities of black workers , with images that are often contradictory as between employers , and which reflect a willingness to generalize about ethnic characteristic on the basis of very limited experience ( Lee and Wrench , 1983 ; Jenkins , 1986 ) .
[also] , research in this context has demonstrated the existence of misleading stereotypes of the abilities of black workers , with images that are often contradictory as between employers , and which reflect a willingness to generalize about ethnic characteristic on the basis of very limited experience ( lee and wrench , 1983 ; jenkins , 1986 ) .

Moreover , this distinctive structural location has been remarkably resilient to change and it is commonly argued that schooling plays a big part in the reproduction over time of the position of black people in British society .
[also] , this distinctive structural location has been remarkably resilient to change and it is commonly argued that schooling plays a big part in the reproduction over time of the position of black people in british society .

For example , although Rampton and Swann rely on public examinations , other studies have based their conclusions on a variety of other measures , including teacher assessments of reading or mathematics ; moreover , many of these tests are likely to contain cultural bias or be affected by the fact that they were administered by white teachers or researchers ( Hegarty and Lucas , 1979 ; Bagley , 1975 ) .
for example , although rampton and swann rely on public examinations , other studies have based their conclusions on a variety of other measures , including teacher assessments of reading or mathematics ; [also] , many of these tests are likely to contain cultural bias or be affected by the fact that they were administered by white teachers or researchers ( hegarty and lucas , 1979 ; bagley , 1975 ) .

Moreover , a basic premise of Dunlop 's prescription for the advancement of knowledge in industrial relations is the need to break away from the restrictive and myopic confines of problem-solving , institutional studies within individual countries — what has been termed an ‘ ethno-centric ’ bias — in favour of broader comparisons over the course of time and across countries .
[also] , a basic premise of dunlop 's prescription for the advancement of knowledge in industrial relations is the need to break away from the restrictive and myopic confines of problem-solving , institutional studies within individual countries — what has been termed an ‘ ethno-centric ’ bias — in favour of broader comparisons over the course of time and across countries .

Moreover , workers need to be predisposed , or mobilised , to take advantage of the opportune environmental conditions for unionisation which arise .
[also] , workers need to be predisposed , or mobilised , to take advantage of the opportune environmental conditions for unionisation which arise .

Moreover , given that such firms will wish to attain stable parameters for future planning within the undertaking over extended time-horizons , in order to reduce uncertainty , the need to secure market regulation will not be the only motivation to associate .
[also] , given that such firms will wish to attain stable parameters for future planning within the undertaking over extended time-horizons , in order to reduce uncertainty , the need to secure market regulation will not be the only motivation to associate .

Moreover , in view of the government 's stance , their new associations began to recognise and establish on-going relations with unions on an industry or regional basis — although they continued strongly to oppose a union presence within the enterprise in order to maximise their own control .
[also] , in view of the government 's stance , their new associations began to recognise and establish on-going relations with unions on an industry or regional basis — although they continued strongly to oppose a union presence within the enterprise in order to maximise their own control .

Moreover , as Poole has observed ,
[also] , as poole has observed ,

Moreover , some topics are placed by law within the ( co-determination ) jurisdiction of the works council , a formally union-independent system of interest representation in which all eligible employees may vote and stand for election regardless of union membership .
[also] , some topics are placed by law within the ( co-determination ) jurisdiction of the works council , a formally union-independent system of interest representation in which all eligible employees may vote and stand for election regardless of union membership .

Moreover , if employers had to bargain with trade unions their preference was for multi-employer bargaining at regional or industry level instead of engaging in direct enterprise dealings .
[also] , if employers had to bargain with trade unions their preference was for multi-employer bargaining at regional or industry level instead of engaging in direct enterprise dealings .

Moreover , because employees were typically trained as single-skill operatives for a particular type of ( often ) enterprise-specific technology their acquired skills were largely non-transferable .
[also] , because employees were typically trained as single-skill operatives for a particular type of ( often ) enterprise-specific technology their acquired skills were largely non-transferable .

Moreover , in addition to attending these public celebrations of the sacrament , wealthy individuals , guilds , and lay fraternities frequently held masses in their own chapels or on portable altars , and numerous chantry priests celebrated thousands of private masses for the souls of the faithful departed .
[also] , in addition to attending these public celebrations of the sacrament , wealthy individuals , guilds , and lay fraternities frequently held masses in their own chapels or on portable altars , and numerous chantry priests celebrated thousands of private masses for the souls of the faithful departed .

Moreover , they equated popery with magic at a more fundamental level , regarding the central doctrinal tenets of Catholicism as blasphemous , superstitious , anti-scriptural , and inherently evil .
[also] , they equated popery with magic at a more fundamental level , regarding the central doctrinal tenets of catholicism as blasphemous , superstitious , anti-scriptural , and inherently evil .

Moreover , benefiting from their interior railway network , the French were able to move troops from this area to the now crucial sector of the campaign : the threatening German swing through Belgium and northeast France .
[also] , benefiting from their interior railway network , the french were able to move troops from this area to the now crucial sector of the campaign : the threatening german swing through belgium and northeast france .

Moreover , his nerve deserted him when Russia invaded East Prussia , and he transferred two army corps from France to the East .
[also] , his nerve deserted him when russia invaded east prussia , and he transferred two army corps from france to the east .

Moreover , the Germans had made a further — and fateful — error : they had omitted to occupy the Channel ports , as they might easily have done , without loss , during their initial advance .
[also] , the germans had made a further — and fateful — error : they had omitted to occupy the channel ports , as they might easily have done , without loss , during their initial advance .

Moreover , advancing west and northwest respectively , as the two armies were , produced a potentially calamitous separation of the two forces , for between them lay the Masurian Lakes , a complex of waters stretching some 80km/50mls north to south .
[also] , advancing west and northwest respectively , as the two armies were , produced a potentially calamitous separation of the two forces , for between them lay the masurian lakes , a complex of waters stretching some 80km/50mls north to south .

Moreover , Germany was obliged to hurry from the west troops that could ill be spared , in order to succour her enfeebled and demoralized ally .
[also] , germany was obliged to hurry from the west troops that could ill be spared , in order to succour her enfeebled and demoralized ally .

Moreover , the Germans were twice as strong in cavalry .
[also] , the germans were twice as strong in cavalry .

Moreover , the north shore of the strait consisted mainly of steep sandy cliffs , rising from the sea to a height of 30–90m/100–300ft , terrain that provided ideal cover and artillery sites for the Turks , while leaving the invaders perilously exposed .
[also] , the north shore of the strait consisted mainly of steep sandy cliffs , rising from the sea to a height of 30–90m/100–300ft , terrain that provided ideal cover and artillery sites for the turks , while leaving the invaders perilously exposed .

Moreover , hitherto unexploited elements of warfare — defensive barbed wire and massed machine-guns — were being deployed along the whole front of some 563km/350mls , manned for the first time in history by millions of men .
[also] , hitherto unexploited elements of warfare — defensive barbed wire and massed machine-guns — were being deployed along the whole front of some 563km/350mls , manned for the first time in history by millions of men .

Moreover , the German Navy , blockaded in harbour , was unable to succour German colonies in Africa and Asia , which by 1915 were being rapidly overrun .
[also] , the german navy , blockaded in harbour , was unable to succour german colonies in africa and asia , which by 1915 were being rapidly overrun .

Moreover , the French Army 's spirit was broken , its men on the verge of mutiny .
[also] , the french army 's spirit was broken , its men on the verge of mutiny .

Thus , Beatty , when he came within sight of Jellicoe , was more than 8km/5mls west of the spot at which his Commander-in-Chief had been led to expect him ; moreover , the German fleet was to Jellicoe 's starboard rather than , as he had thought , straight ahead .
thus , beatty , when he came within sight of jellicoe , was more than 8km/5mls west of the spot at which his commander-in-chief had been led to expect him ; [also] , the german fleet was to jellicoe 's starboard rather than , as he had thought , straight ahead .

Moreover , the British had lost 6,097 sailors to Germany 's 2,545 .
[also] , the british had lost 6,097 sailors to germany 's 2,545 .

Moreover , British and French cavalry had been stationed close behind the Allied line , with the object of quickly exploiting a breakthrough .
[also] , british and french cavalry had been stationed close behind the allied line , with the object of quickly exploiting a breakthrough .

Moreover , Allied artillery during the bombardment had been evenly spread along the whole front , not concentrated ; in consequence , the fire was too thin to achieve the intended level of destruction .
[also] , allied artillery during the bombardment had been evenly spread along the whole front , not concentrated ; in consequence , the fire was too thin to achieve the intended level of destruction .

Moreover , Russia was tottering toward revolution and collapse .
[also] , russia was tottering toward revolution and collapse .

Moreover , Russia was now out of the war and German divisions were being moved rapidly by train from the east to the Western Front .
[also] , russia was now out of the war and german divisions were being moved rapidly by train from the east to the western front .

Moreover for a year he shared a stage with one of the greatest and the best-loved English stage actors of the century .
[also] for a year he shared a stage with one of the greatest and the best-loved english stage actors of the century .

Moreover , it varies according to style , purpose and audience : no one speaks or writes in the same way on all occasions .
[also] , it varies according to style , purpose and audience : no one speaks or writes in the same way on all occasions .

there is little point in correcting the spoken language of pupils in any general way and as part of their routine language use because it is unlikely to have a beneficial effect : against the pressure of home and the peer group , teachers can have little hope of changing how pupils speak . Moreover , criticism of pupils ' spoken language will be interpreted as criticism of their families and friends ;
there is little point in correcting the spoken language of pupils in any general way and as part of their routine language use because it is unlikely to have a beneficial effect : against the pressure of home and the peer group , teachers can have little hope of changing how pupils speak . [also] , criticism of pupils ' spoken language will be interpreted as criticism of their families and friends ;

; simultaneous actions can be joined by while or as ; additive relationships can be indicated by also , in addition , furthermore , moreover , etc .
; simultaneous actions can be joined by while or as ; additive relationships can be indicated by also , in addition , furthermore , [also] , etc .

He said , moreover , that he was not prepared to tolerate further delay .
he said , [also] , that he was not prepared to tolerate further delay .

Moreover people need an informed understanding if they are to evaluate claims about language use which are widely made ( in the correspondence columns of newspapers , for example ) .
[also] people need an informed understanding if they are to evaluate claims about language use which are widely made ( in the correspondence columns of newspapers , for example ) .

Moreover , terminology is essential in understanding many standard reference books about language , such as dictionaries .
[also] , terminology is essential in understanding many standard reference books about language , such as dictionaries .

Moreover , the specialised language of certain occupational groups ( for example , builders , doctors , lawyers , mechanics and scientists ) is often distinctive .
[also] , the specialised language of certain occupational groups ( for example , builders , doctors , lawyers , mechanics and scientists ) is often distinctive .

Moreover , drama activity is also a particularly powerful facilitator for pupils with special educational needs .
[also] , drama activity is also a particularly powerful facilitator for pupils with special educational needs .

Moreover , given that the social interaction involved in drama inspires spoken language , drama activities can be structured to focus pupils ' energies on experimenting with and developing control of a wide variety of language styles .
[also] , given that the social interaction involved in drama inspires spoken language , drama activities can be structured to focus pupils ' energies on experimenting with and developing control of a wide variety of language styles .

Moreover , since their condition limits their ability to pick up and assimilate new words and to understand the subtleties of language , the problem becomes greater as more specialised vocabulary and abstract terms are introduced .
[also] , since their condition limits their ability to pick up and assimilate new words and to understand the subtleties of language , the problem becomes greater as more specialised vocabulary and abstract terms are introduced .

Moreover , the nature of sickness benefit from the state and from many employers means that people who are off work ill for less than a few months may not be worse off financially , anyway .
[also] , the nature of sickness benefit from the state and from many employers means that people who are off work ill for less than a few months may not be worse off financially , anyway .

Moreover , answers for small loans were concentrated very much at the short-repayment-period end of the scale , while answers for large loans were spread more evenly across the whole range of options from 6 to 36 months .
[also] , answers for small loans were concentrated very much at the short-repayment-period end of the scale , while answers for large loans were spread more evenly across the whole range of options from 6 to 36 months .

Moreover , about eight per cent of those who changed their minds with additional disclosure changed in the Wrong ' direction : they made a blind or confused choice rather than a rational decision .
[also] , about eight per cent of those who changed their minds with additional disclosure changed in the wrong ' direction : they made a blind or confused choice rather than a rational decision .

Moreover we are not qualified to suggest any solutions to this problem — that must be a job for educationists .
[also] we are not qualified to suggest any solutions to this problem — that must be a job for educationists .

Moreover , we look to the way in which its work would be laced into the work of local education authorities and the Schools Council , and the close collaboration with the Office of Fair Trading and the Department of Trade which it would no doubt enjoy , to make sure that consumer needs came first
[also] , we look to the way in which its work would be laced into the work of local education authorities and the schools council , and the close collaboration with the office of fair trading and the department of trade which it would no doubt enjoy , to make sure that consumer needs came first

Moreover , if banks wish to attract more borrowers , they might well consider how they can soften the rather forbidding image which we found they have for so many people .
[also] , if banks wish to attract more borrowers , they might well consider how they can soften the rather forbidding image which we found they have for so many people .

Moreover , there are already other pressures towards monthly budgeting ( such as monthly rent or fuel payments ) ; these pressures are likely to set up more financial strain for people who get their pay weekly and spend it on a weekly basis than for people who get paid monthly .
[also] , there are already other pressures towards monthly budgeting ( such as monthly rent or fuel payments ) ; these pressures are likely to set up more financial strain for people who get their pay weekly and spend it on a weekly basis than for people who get paid monthly .

Moreover , even if an absolute condition of that sort discriminated against women , it would be permissible if it were objectively justifiable in the circumstances — if , say , people without bank accounts were clearly unreliable payers .
[also] , even if an absolute condition of that sort discriminated against women , it would be permissible if it were objectively justifiable in the circumstances — if , say , people without bank accounts were clearly unreliable payers .

Moreover , the bureau has to inform the consumer of all these rights .
[also] , the bureau has to inform the consumer of all these rights .

Moreover , as people come to use more than one credit card , the problem may be aggravated .
[also] , as people come to use more than one credit card , the problem may be aggravated .

Moreover , between tending the wounded , the doctor managed to fend off a few shots at snipers .
[also] , between tending the wounded , the doctor managed to fend off a few shots at snipers .

Moreover , the Japanese themselves were more wary , allowing no one — native , Portuguese , or disguised guerrilla — to approach their positions .
[also] , the japanese themselves were more wary , allowing no one — native , portuguese , or disguised guerrilla — to approach their positions .

Moreover , for the vast majority of the working class , certainly for the period with which this study is concerned , the universe was strongly bounded by local factors .
[also] , for the vast majority of the working class , certainly for the period with which this study is concerned , the universe was strongly bounded by local factors .

Moreover , they can furnish valuable bibliographical evidence .
[also] , they can furnish valuable bibliographical evidence .

Moreover , most of us seem to be so certain that a first edition is really a first edition .
[also] , most of us seem to be so certain that a first edition is really a first edition .

Moreover , with so many potential members , it is easier for someone to free-ride without being noticed or subjected to any kind of social sanction by those who do join .
[also] , with so many potential members , it is easier for someone to free-ride without being noticed or subjected to any kind of social sanction by those who do join .

Since , moreover , witchcraft is inherently immoral and the witch is the epitome of evil , what better method could possibly be devised to discredit rivals and enemies ?
since , [also] , witchcraft is inherently immoral and the witch is the epitome of evil , what better method could possibly be devised to discredit rivals and enemies ?

Charity did really begin at home and should stay there , with , moreover , an appropriately restricted definition of what was ‘ home ’ and what was not !
charity did really begin at home and should stay there , with , [also] , an appropriately restricted definition of what was ‘ home ’ and what was not !

Moreover , it is said to beget single young , unlike most other animals .
[also] , it is said to beget single young , unlike most other animals .

Moreover , there are difficulties in knowing how to relate different sorts of probabilities such as those which concern the degree of credit to be given to a judgement and those which are of a statistical nature .
[also] , there are difficulties in knowing how to relate different sorts of probabilities such as those which concern the degree of credit to be given to a judgement and those which are of a statistical nature .

Moreover , the word ‘ notion ’ is not meant to suggest that he is talking of an idea in our minds ; he is concerned rather with that actual feature of good things which is picked out by the word ‘ good ’ .
[also] , the word ‘ notion ’ is not meant to suggest that he is talking of an idea in our minds ; he is concerned rather with that actual feature of good things which is picked out by the word ‘ good ’ .

Moreover , to imagine these does seem to be to imagine something with quite strong positive value .
[also] , to imagine these does seem to be to imagine something with quite strong positive value .

Moreover ( as we shall see shortly ) they can enter into standard logical relations with factual statements .
[also] ( as we shall see shortly ) they can enter into standard logical relations with factual statements .

Moreover , Hume famously insisted , there is a prima facie gap between any assertion as to what is the case and any assertion as to what ought to be done , and this is best understood as the gap between reason 's detection of how things are and passion 's emotional response to their being so .
[also] , hume famously insisted , there is a prima facie gap between any assertion as to what is the case and any assertion as to what ought to be done , and this is best understood as the gap between reason 's detection of how things are and passion 's emotional response to their being so .

‘ Moreover in the rush to reduce their census the hospitals discharged patients long before most of the community centres had been established and before supporting programmes had been developed ’ .
‘ [also] in the rush to reduce their census the hospitals discharged patients long before most of the community centres had been established and before supporting programmes had been developed ’ .

Moreover , the results of Lawrence 's evaluation of admissions to the new service had not become available until 1987 .
[also] , the results of lawrence 's evaluation of admissions to the new service had not become available until 1987 .

Moreover , its existence was completely at odds with the national trend for community care , since patients who were referred were brought to a location quite remote from the area in which they had lived .
[also] , its existence was completely at odds with the national trend for community care , since patients who were referred were brought to a location quite remote from the area in which they had lived .

Moreover , their liabilities were low .
[also] , their liabilities were low .

Moreover , it would be one of the first schemes to implement the Government 's intention of bringing freight back on to the railways .
[also] , it would be one of the first schemes to implement the government 's intention of bringing freight back on to the railways .

Moreover , in the interests of the pupil a balance needs to be struck between the extremes of over-preoccupation with the medical aspects of the pupil 's visual condition and ignorance of facts that could help the teacher to understand the child 's special needs and find ways to fulfil them .
[also] , in the interests of the pupil a balance needs to be struck between the extremes of over-preoccupation with the medical aspects of the pupil 's visual condition and ignorance of facts that could help the teacher to understand the child 's special needs and find ways to fulfil them .

There is , in fact , no reason why attention to a particular cause of defective vision should reduce the teacher 's appreciation of the child 's total needs and , moreover , relevant information can be helpful in offering precise and effective solutions to some of the problems of using materials and developing learning strategies that are likely to give difficulty to visually handicapped pupils .
there is , in fact , no reason why attention to a particular cause of defective vision should reduce the teacher 's appreciation of the child 's total needs and , [also] , relevant information can be helpful in offering precise and effective solutions to some of the problems of using materials and developing learning strategies that are likely to give difficulty to visually handicapped pupils .

Moreover , spectacles have uses other than for correcting refractive error .
[also] , spectacles have uses other than for correcting refractive error .

Westerners , on the other hand , attribute to themselves many characteristics they most dislike and , moreover , grant these a powerful explanatory role .
westerners , on the other hand , attribute to themselves many characteristics they most dislike and , [also] , grant these a powerful explanatory role .

Moreover , by accepting the overwhelming evidence that there are innate human capacities , predilections , and constraints , we can take a step further in such an enterprise .
[also] , by accepting the overwhelming evidence that there are innate human capacities , predilections , and constraints , we can take a step further in such an enterprise .

Moreover , it allows us to talk more confidently of a psychic and cognitive unity of humanity without limiting us to absolute categories .
[also] , it allows us to talk more confidently of a psychic and cognitive unity of humanity without limiting us to absolute categories .

Moreover , the person responsible for inducing this state is likely to be held at least partially liable if misfortune does occur .
[also] , the person responsible for inducing this state is likely to be held at least partially liable if misfortune does occur .

They have , moreover , previously fed and cared for them , or in the case of wild pigs , they have paid their spirit ‘ owners ’ proper compensation .
they have , [also] , previously fed and cared for them , or in the case of wild pigs , they have paid their spirit ‘ owners ’ proper compensation .

The people of Wester Ross depend greatly on the trains for travel and supplies , and would be even more isolated without them ; moreover , the railway proves a most enjoyable crossing of the Highlands scenically and is very popular with visitors .
the people of wester ross depend greatly on the trains for travel and supplies , and would be even more isolated without them ; [also] , the railway proves a most enjoyable crossing of the highlands scenically and is very popular with visitors .

Moreover , snakes never inject all their venom in a single strike , so that they are always ready to bite their prey or attacker again .
[also] , snakes never inject all their venom in a single strike , so that they are always ready to bite their prey or attacker again .

Moreover , since immature goats are subordinate to older ones , they may well have to give up any patch of food they find to a larger , more dominant animal .
[also] , since immature goats are subordinate to older ones , they may well have to give up any patch of food they find to a larger , more dominant animal .

Moreover , while twins are common among deer , they are virtually unknown among goats .
[also] , while twins are common among deer , they are virtually unknown among goats .

The Spanish Church , although forced by nineteenth-century liberal governments to release most of its vast landed wealth , remained during the early twentieth century a rich , powerful and traditionalist institution whose ties with the wealthy classes , moreover , were becoming closer .
the spanish church , although forced by nineteenth-century liberal governments to release most of its vast landed wealth , remained during the early twentieth century a rich , powerful and traditionalist institution whose ties with the wealthy classes , [also] , were becoming closer .

Ironically , moreover , the dictatorship , while accelerating the inexorable demise of the ‘ oligarchic ’ party system , had stimulated the growth of socialism and republicanism .
ironically , [also] , the dictatorship , while accelerating the inexorable demise of the ‘ oligarchic ’ party system , had stimulated the growth of socialism and republicanism .

Moreover , he was becoming increasingly annoyed at the Communists ' blatant attempts to maximize their influence wherever it mattered — in , for example , the army and the administration — and to dictate strategy .
[also] , he was becoming increasingly annoyed at the communists ' blatant attempts to maximize their influence wherever it mattered — in , for example , the army and the administration — and to dictate strategy .

Moreover , within the Conservative Party , while some mavericks — like , albeit belatedly , Churchill — recognized that peace in Europe would be best served by the defeat of fascism in Spain , hostility towards the Spanish ‘ Reds ’ and sympathy for Franco predominated : views shared in the business community , many of whose members continued to trade with Nationalist Spain throughout the war .
[also] , within the conservative party , while some mavericks — like , albeit belatedly , churchill — recognized that peace in europe would be best served by the defeat of fascism in spain , hostility towards the spanish ‘ reds ’ and sympathy for franco predominated : views shared in the business community , many of whose members continued to trade with nationalist spain throughout the war .

Paul Fabian , the lone British diplomat who gloried in the title of Her Britannic Majesty 's High Commissioner in Tonga and Consul for the United States Island Possessions in the South Pacific , had sent me a telex advising me that yes , Tafahi was the first place in the world to receive the day 's new time and that , moreover , he had only very recently been there .
paul fabian , the lone british diplomat who gloried in the title of her britannic majesty 's high commissioner in tonga and consul for the united states island possessions in the south pacific , had sent me a telex advising me that yes , tafahi was the first place in the world to receive the day 's new time and that , [also] , he had only very recently been there .

Moreover it is , as so vastly important a body of water perhaps should be , the original ocean of the world , the so-called Panthalassa .
[also] it is , as so vastly important a body of water perhaps should be , the original ocean of the world , the so-called panthalassa .

So … the Indian named William did exist and , moreover , he lived close by .
so … the indian named william did exist and , [also] , he lived close by .

Moreover , as the guide-books say of the guanaco , ‘ when annoyed , they spit .
[also] , as the guide-books say of the guanaco , ‘ when annoyed , they spit .

Moreover , those techs were kneeling and bowing their heads — while the priest began to rant , his eyeballs rolling up whitely as though to stare inside his own skull .
[also] , those techs were kneeling and bowing their heads — while the priest began to rant , his eyeballs rolling up whitely as though to stare inside his own skull .

Moreover , one can not stop inquiring minds from thinking about basic science , whether or not they are paid for it .
[also] , one can not stop inquiring minds from thinking about basic science , whether or not they are paid for it .

Moreover , science is often taught in terms of equations .
[also] , science is often taught in terms of equations .

Moreover , if two black holes collide and merge to form a single black hole , the area of the event horizon around the resulting black hole is greater than the sum of the areas of the event horizons around the original black holes .
[also] , if two black holes collide and merge to form a single black hole , the area of the event horizon around the resulting black hole is greater than the sum of the areas of the event horizons around the original black holes .

Moreover , if there are too many beds people will inevitably stay too long , which increases the difficulties of resettling them back into normal life .
[also] , if there are too many beds people will inevitably stay too long , which increases the difficulties of resettling them back into normal life .

Moreover , the individuals themselves who are suffering these severe episodes need security and containment as well as space to move about , to feel unfettered and to retain some privacy .
[also] , the individuals themselves who are suffering these severe episodes need security and containment as well as space to move about , to feel unfettered and to retain some privacy .

Moreover , people in personal crisis are not very effective at making their needs felt in socially acceptable ways ; they do not organize themselves into consumer pressure groups to demand a better deal , not at least until they are recovered from their own crisis .
[also] , people in personal crisis are not very effective at making their needs felt in socially acceptable ways ; they do not organize themselves into consumer pressure groups to demand a better deal , not at least until they are recovered from their own crisis .

Moreover , this needs to be supplemented by the further safeguard of an external , independent monitoring system .
[also] , this needs to be supplemented by the further safeguard of an external , independent monitoring system .

Moreover , when Special Hospital patients stay too long , places do not become available for others who might benefit from a place and the result is large numbers of seriously mentally ill long-term prisoners held in maximum security jails .
[also] , when special hospital patients stay too long , places do not become available for others who might benefit from a place and the result is large numbers of seriously mentally ill long-term prisoners held in maximum security jails .

Moreover , particularly with smaller firms , the builder may be unable to pay owing to cash flow problems , receivership or bankruptcy .
[also] , particularly with smaller firms , the builder may be unable to pay owing to cash flow problems , receivership or bankruptcy .

Moreover , the sub-contractor will probably develop the ability to work on his own initiative and will ensure that management is positive , forward thinking and alert .
[also] , the sub-contractor will probably develop the ability to work on his own initiative and will ensure that management is positive , forward thinking and alert .

Moreover , these larger organisations are better equipped to arrange for training of apprentices .
[also] , these larger organisations are better equipped to arrange for training of apprentices .

Moreover , surveyors are sometimes pressurised by the subcontractor to overpay , particularly when output has been restricted during adverse weather conditions .
[also] , surveyors are sometimes pressurised by the subcontractor to overpay , particularly when output has been restricted during adverse weather conditions .

Moreover , care must be taken to ensure that the sub-contractor does not front-end load the pricing of the work , particularly where the sub-contract period is prolonged or intermittent .
[also] , care must be taken to ensure that the sub-contractor does not front-end load the pricing of the work , particularly where the sub-contract period is prolonged or intermittent .

Moreover , as payments were commonly made to gang leaders , the contractor was unlikely to be aware of even the names of men employed on the site .
[also] , as payments were commonly made to gang leaders , the contractor was unlikely to be aware of even the names of men employed on the site .

Moreover , there may well be reluctance or bad feeling when the operative or gang is obliged to undertake work without bonus .
[also] , there may well be reluctance or bad feeling when the operative or gang is obliged to undertake work without bonus .

Moreover , time targets do not need recalculation when the basic rate is changed and they can also be utilised for planning and programming of the work .
[also] , time targets do not need recalculation when the basic rate is changed and they can also be utilised for planning and programming of the work .

The gradual assimilation of minority nationalities , moreover , has operated less to the advantage of the Russian population as such than to the advantage of the larger nationalities in general , Russians included .
the gradual assimilation of minority nationalities , [also] , has operated less to the advantage of the russian population as such than to the advantage of the larger nationalities in general , russians included .

Relations were worsening , moreover , between the major capitalist nations and the developing countries , which were being robbed of the fruits of their labour and forced to suffer poverty , illiteracy and famine .
relations were worsening , [also] , between the major capitalist nations and the developing countries , which were being robbed of the fruits of their labour and forced to suffer poverty , illiteracy and famine .

Moreover , it is not sustainable by the self-interest of the firms .
[also] , it is not sustainable by the self-interest of the firms .

’ Moreover , short of methods of surveillance which are also not ‘ consistent with liberty and justice ’ it may be impossible to obtain evidence on what transpired at such meetings .
’ [also] , short of methods of surveillance which are also not ‘ consistent with liberty and justice ’ it may be impossible to obtain evidence on what transpired at such meetings .

Moreover , numerical examples , experimental games , and such empirical case studies as have been carried out ( see , for example , Rees , 1993 ) seem to suggest that typically punishments far outweigh the gains to short-run deviation for empirically reasonable discount rates and so it is really not hard to explain collusion .
[also] , numerical examples , experimental games , and such empirical case studies as have been carried out ( see , for example , rees , 1993 ) seem to suggest that typically punishments far outweigh the gains to short-run deviation for empirically reasonable discount rates and so it is really not hard to explain collusion .

Moreover , as we have seen , firms have developed facilitating devices such as information agreements , trade associations , and price leadership to help them solve the problem of achieving and maintaining agreements .
[also] , as we have seen , firms have developed facilitating devices such as information agreements , trade associations , and price leadership to help them solve the problem of achieving and maintaining agreements .

Moreover , for many goods , competition is localized due to the spatial nature of retailing .
[also] , for many goods , competition is localized due to the spatial nature of retailing .

Moreover , agency considerations may conflict with strategic considerations .
[also] , agency considerations may conflict with strategic considerations .

Moreover , combinations of factors can conspire to turn vertical effects into horizontal effects , for example the combination of vertical linkages and the necessity for licences at the retail stage ( as in the supply of beer ) .
[also] , combinations of factors can conspire to turn vertical effects into horizontal effects , for example the combination of vertical linkages and the necessity for licences at the retail stage ( as in the supply of beer ) .

Moreover , distinctions should be pointed out even though in the opinion of the student they are not material , if it could conceivably be argued that they are material : of course the student should express his own opinion that they are not material .
[also] , distinctions should be pointed out even though in the opinion of the student they are not material , if it could conceivably be argued that they are material : of course the student should express his own opinion that they are not material .

Moreover , they believe that the natural instrument of that change is the House , therefore they seek to increase the power of the House .
[also] , they believe that the natural instrument of that change is the house , therefore they seek to increase the power of the house .

Moreover , of the studies now available , most are concerned with describing the patterning and conventions of spoken and written English .
[also] , of the studies now available , most are concerned with describing the patterning and conventions of spoken and written english .

Moreover , they suggest that
[also] , they suggest that

Moreover , many of the devices used to signal information status are common to both spoken and written language .
[also] , many of the devices used to signal information status are common to both spoken and written language .

Moreover , Arabic tends to use a relatively small number of conjunctions , each of which has a wide range of meanings which depend for their interpretation on the context , thus relying heavily on the reader 's ability to infer relationships which are only vaguely alluded to by the writer .
[also] , arabic tends to use a relatively small number of conjunctions , each of which has a wide range of meanings which depend for their interpretation on the context , thus relying heavily on the reader 's ability to infer relationships which are only vaguely alluded to by the writer .

Moreover , although there is no fixed order for working through the modules and the fieldworker is expected to allow the subject 's interest in any particular set of topics to guide transition through the network from module to module , his or her role as topic-initiator is still very much in the forefront ; it is the interviewer who makes decisions about how or when topics shall be shifted or closed down .
[also] , although there is no fixed order for working through the modules and the fieldworker is expected to allow the subject 's interest in any particular set of topics to guide transition through the network from module to module , his or her role as topic-initiator is still very much in the forefront ; it is the interviewer who makes decisions about how or when topics shall be shifted or closed down .

There was moreover a standing agreement that the equipment would never be concealed and that the fieldworker would wipe from the tape before leaving the house any material which subjects or fieldworkers considered sensitive .
there was [also] a standing agreement that the equipment would never be concealed and that the fieldworker would wipe from the tape before leaving the house any material which subjects or fieldworkers considered sensitive .

But such an interpretation of the very salient sex differences which plainly do exist , and are moreover theoretically important , relies on the analyst 's capacity to assign a comparable social class index score to both males and females .
but such an interpretation of the very salient sex differences which plainly do exist , and are [also] theoretically important , relies on the analyst 's capacity to assign a comparable social class index score to both males and females .

In the case of another much-studied variable , ( r ) , we find in England ( but not in many parts of the United States ) that absence of post-vocalic [ r ] is characteristic of high-status speech and is moreover categorical except in some ( mainly ) western areas .
in the case of another much-studied variable , ( r ) , we find in england ( but not in many parts of the united states ) that absence of post-vocalic [ r ] is characteristic of high-status speech and is [also] categorical except in some ( mainly ) western areas .

Moreover , an over-abstract representation can conceal important information .
[also] , an over-abstract representation can conceal important information .

Moreover , they argue that the term counterurbanization poses four significant problems .
[also] , they argue that the term counterurbanization poses four significant problems .

Moreover , as Figure 7.2b shows , there is a marked tendency to congregate at a very few ‘ honeypot ’ sites .
[also] , as figure 7.2b shows , there is a marked tendency to congregate at a very few ‘ honeypot ’ sites .

’ Moreover , a close reading of the quoted language in Section 3 above reveals that it neither provided a cause of action for non-delivery of the goods stated to have been shipped , nor deemed the statement in the bill conclusive evidence of shipment against the carrier .
’ [also] , a close reading of the quoted language in section 3 above reveals that it neither provided a cause of action for non-delivery of the goods stated to have been shipped , nor deemed the statement in the bill conclusive evidence of shipment against the carrier .

Moreover , for such a minister , the ideal is not a department without a policy or officials without positive ideas as to what needs to be done .
[also] , for such a minister , the ideal is not a department without a policy or officials without positive ideas as to what needs to be done .

Moreover , they found ‘ that spending does tend to be higher in areas suffering from adverse conditions ; and that such high spending is associated with inner city deprivation ( immigrants , overcrowding , and one-parent families ) rather than with traditional working class areas ( unskilled workers and large families ) ’ .
[also] , they found ‘ that spending does tend to be higher in areas suffering from adverse conditions ; and that such high spending is associated with inner city deprivation ( immigrants , overcrowding , and one-parent families ) rather than with traditional working class areas ( unskilled workers and large families ) ’ .

The second part of Table 3.6 , moreover , shows that the chances of youth of working class backgrounds being found in working class occupations , relative to those of young people from higher socio-economic backgrounds , have increased over the years .
the second part of table 3.6 , [also] , shows that the chances of youth of working class backgrounds being found in working class occupations , relative to those of young people from higher socio-economic backgrounds , have increased over the years .

’ Moreover , ‘ hospital expenditure was positively correlated both with the expenditure of executive councils and with that of health authorities .
’ [also] , ‘ hospital expenditure was positively correlated both with the expenditure of executive councils and with that of health authorities .

This trend , moreover , has not been halted by the recent government cuts in public expenditure .
this trend , [also] , has not been halted by the recent government cuts in public expenditure .

Moreover , governments will be largely unconcerned with attempts at equalising housing distribution even though their policies will inevitably affect socio-economic and other inequalities in housing .
[also] , governments will be largely unconcerned with attempts at equalising housing distribution even though their policies will inevitably affect socio-economic and other inequalities in housing .

Moreover , a small proportion of census enumeration districts , mainly in the inner parts of the large cities , contained an even greater proportion of inadequate housing , as Table 3.17 shows .
[also] , a small proportion of census enumeration districts , mainly in the inner parts of the large cities , contained an even greater proportion of inadequate housing , as table 3.17 shows .

Moreover , it is far less of a real alternative in the case of isolated rural areas .
[also] , it is far less of a real alternative in the case of isolated rural areas .

Moreover , by the beginning of the 19th century , the rate of growth had become really fast — well over 10 per cent in ten years .
[also] , by the beginning of the 19th century , the rate of growth had become really fast — well over 10 per cent in ten years .

Moreover , reductions in inequalities of earnings could be brought about by additional expenditure on the education and health of children from poor families :
[also] , reductions in inequalities of earnings could be brought about by additional expenditure on the education and health of children from poor families :

Moreover , the socialist ideology of Cuba meant a different motivation for pupils and workers from that existing in capitalist countries — ‘ to work for collective rather than personal objectives ’ — with the result that education in Cuba became both a technical and an ideological force for greater productivity .
[also] , the socialist ideology of cuba meant a different motivation for pupils and workers from that existing in capitalist countries — ‘ to work for collective rather than personal objectives ’ — with the result that education in cuba became both a technical and an ideological force for greater productivity .

Moreover , during such periods , new sources of labour — particularly women — may be tapped .
[also] , during such periods , new sources of labour — particularly women — may be tapped .

‘ Moreover , the amount of the shift ’ , they conclude , ‘ appears to have been fairly responsive to the different phases of regional policy .
‘ [also] , the amount of the shift ’ , they conclude , ‘ appears to have been fairly responsive to the different phases of regional policy .

Moreover , there is no reason to believe that , with improvements , particularly in relation to housing , labour mobility programmes could not affect a larger number of workers .
[also] , there is no reason to believe that , with improvements , particularly in relation to housing , labour mobility programmes could not affect a larger number of workers .

Moreover , most strikers did not see themselves relying on supplementary benefit during the strike — rather they envisaged getting by on their savings and their spouses ' wages .
[also] , most strikers did not see themselves relying on supplementary benefit during the strike — rather they envisaged getting by on their savings and their spouses ' wages .

’ Moreover , whatever methodological approach is adopted , there will be serious difficulties in separating the effect of taxation on work effort from that of other factors .
’ [also] , whatever methodological approach is adopted , there will be serious difficulties in separating the effect of taxation on work effort from that of other factors .

Moreover , the rise in the proportion of respondents experiencing disincentive effects from 13.1 per cent in Break 's study to 18.9 per cent was statistically significant .
[also] , the rise in the proportion of respondents experiencing disincentive effects from 13.1 per cent in break 's study to 18.9 per cent was statistically significant .

Moreover , the increasing emphasis on indirect taxation may have little impact on work incentives , but indirect taxes inevitably weigh more heavily on the low income groups .
[also] , the increasing emphasis on indirect taxation may have little impact on work incentives , but indirect taxes inevitably weigh more heavily on the low income groups .

Moreover the total percentage of these first three groups in the most recent period is 76.8 , which is higher than the overall percentage .
[also] the total percentage of these first three groups in the most recent period is 76.8 , which is higher than the overall percentage .

Moreover , during the 1930s , employers did not need to seek the help of the courts , the unions being in a weak condition .
[also] , during the 1930s , employers did not need to seek the help of the courts , the unions being in a weak condition .

Moreover , the use by the courts of these common law devices of obstruction , breach of the peace and nuisance is difficult to legislate against as the essential purpose ( which before the 1960s had been more or less achieved with police co-operation ) is to permit ‘ reasonable ’ picketing , including the right to accost for a short period within which arguments can be advanced , without putting persons in fear or to immoderate inconvenience .
[also] , the use by the courts of these common law devices of obstruction , breach of the peace and nuisance is difficult to legislate against as the essential purpose ( which before the 1960s had been more or less achieved with police co-operation ) is to permit ‘ reasonable ’ picketing , including the right to accost for a short period within which arguments can be advanced , without putting persons in fear or to immoderate inconvenience .

Moreover they are provincial and inferior in quality to the vase-paintings ; but the colouring is the same and on one metope there is similar overlapping .
[also] they are provincial and inferior in quality to the vase-paintings ; but the colouring is the same and on one metope there is similar overlapping .

Moreover , this ravaging of that part of the publicly owned stock which is most desirable and most in demand is not being made up by new building .
[also] , this ravaging of that part of the publicly owned stock which is most desirable and most in demand is not being made up by new building .

Moreover , it has the advantage of providing data down to the level of the individual enumeration district covering roughly 500 inhabitants , which , even if too small for certain purposes , can be treated as a building block for areas specially defined by the user ( Rhind , 1983 ) .
[also] , it has the advantage of providing data down to the level of the individual enumeration district covering roughly 500 inhabitants , which , even if too small for certain purposes , can be treated as a building block for areas specially defined by the user ( rhind , 1983 ) .

Moreover , at this time , the boundary between the two parts of Britain was drawn southwards so that formerly prosperous parts of the Midlands , particularly the West Midlands conurbation , found themselves on the wrong side of the line for the first time ( Townsend , 1983 ; Green , 1986 ) .
[also] , at this time , the boundary between the two parts of britain was drawn southwards so that formerly prosperous parts of the midlands , particularly the west midlands conurbation , found themselves on the wrong side of the line for the first time ( townsend , 1983 ; green , 1986 ) .

Moreover , the latest available data on more local patterns of employment growth in the 1980s indicate the sharpness of the boundary between the two parts of the country , because they show that , though more rural parts of the North performed well at this time , the greatest concentration of rapid job growth occurred south of a line running from the Severn estuary to Lincolnshire ( figure 8.1 ) .
[also] , the latest available data on more local patterns of employment growth in the 1980s indicate the sharpness of the boundary between the two parts of the country , because they show that , though more rural parts of the north performed well at this time , the greatest concentration of rapid job growth occurred south of a line running from the severn estuary to lincolnshire ( figure 8.1 ) .

The London Boroughs derive considerable extra assessed needs from their higher population densities , particularly when the figures are made more nearly comparable ( those in parentheses ) ; moreover , density is used in several of the other expenditure needs assessments and is probably one of the major factors in providing the higher assessed needs for London , especially Inner London , in comparison with other major Metropolitan Districts .
the london boroughs derive considerable extra assessed needs from their higher population densities , particularly when the figures are made more nearly comparable ( those in parentheses ) ; [also] , density is used in several of the other expenditure needs assessments and is probably one of the major factors in providing the higher assessed needs for london , especially inner london , in comparison with other major metropolitan districts .

Moreover , while ‘ ideology ’ retains , from the weight of linguistic usage , the sense of organized beliefs ( whether formal and conscious or pervasive and dissolved ) , it can often be supposed that such systems are the true origin of all cultural ( and indeed other social ) production .
[also] , while ‘ ideology ’ retains , from the weight of linguistic usage , the sense of organized beliefs ( whether formal and conscious or pervasive and dissolved ) , it can often be supposed that such systems are the true origin of all cultural ( and indeed other social ) production .

Moreover there is evidence of some relative independence even in relation to direct rulers , as in the conflicts and subsequent laws , in Irish literature , about the use of the lampoon .
[also] there is evidence of some relative independence even in relation to direct rulers , as in the conflicts and subsequent laws , in irish literature , about the use of the lampoon .

Moreover , beyond the identifiable forms of actual association , an additional emphasis has been given by the methodology of most forms of cultural historiography , which distinguish and classify ‘ schools ’ or more general ‘ movements ’ and ‘ tendencies ’ .
[also] , beyond the identifiable forms of actual association , an additional emphasis has been given by the methodology of most forms of cultural historiography , which distinguish and classify ‘ schools ’ or more general ‘ movements ’ and ‘ tendencies ’ .

It is moreover the period of the newly general modem meanings of ‘ the arts ’ and ‘ the artist ’ , as terms indicating more than specific practices and practitioners and now centrally including conceptions of general ( and then often alternative or oppositional ) values .
it is [also] the period of the newly general modem meanings of ‘ the arts ’ and ‘ the artist ’ , as terms indicating more than specific practices and practitioners and now centrally including conceptions of general ( and then often alternative or oppositional ) values .

Moreover , groups within a class may have alternative ( received or developed ) cultural , often religious , affiliations which are not characteristic of the class as a whole .
[also] , groups within a class may have alternative ( received or developed ) cultural , often religious , affiliations which are not characteristic of the class as a whole .

Moreover each kind has continued to be important ; it is not a simple question of successive stages .
[also] each kind has continued to be important ; it is not a simple question of successive stages .

Moreover , the movements of the market can never be separated from more general movements of social and cultural relations .
[also] , the movements of the market can never be separated from more general movements of social and cultural relations .

Typically , moreover , it is marginal , however important and substantial the arts involved ( as now poetry , opera , ballet , and an increasing proportion of orchestral music and of theatre ) .
typically , [also] , it is marginal , however important and substantial the arts involved ( as now poetry , opera , ballet , and an increasing proportion of orchestral music and of theatre ) .

Moreover , in decisively increasing the importance of the literate culture , it had the effect of a new kind of stratification , in which the cultural but also the social importance of the still oral majority culture declined .
[also] , in decisively increasing the importance of the literate culture , it had the effect of a new kind of stratification , in which the cultural but also the social importance of the still oral majority culture declined .

Moreover , social relations of this new type have themselves passed through significant stages .
[also] , social relations of this new type have themselves passed through significant stages .

Moreover there are problems of marginal definition .
[also] there are problems of marginal definition .

Moreover , if we bring to this common confusion the elementary historical observation that these presumptive classes of ‘ art ’ and ‘ sub-art ’ or ‘ non-art ’ tend to shift ( all novels , once , would have been in the downgrading classes ; particular classes of novel , for example ‘ science fiction ’ , move from one side of the divide to another , or are straddled across it ; cinema films are ‘ commercial popular culture ’ but then some films are ‘ high art ’ ) , we become more and more certain that we must refuse that beguiling invitation to leave aside ‘ sociological categories ’ and move to ‘ the works of art themselves ’ .
[also] , if we bring to this common confusion the elementary historical observation that these presumptive classes of ‘ art ’ and ‘ sub-art ’ or ‘ non-art ’ tend to shift ( all novels , once , would have been in the downgrading classes ; particular classes of novel , for example ‘ science fiction ’ , move from one side of the divide to another , or are straddled across it ; cinema films are ‘ commercial popular culture ’ but then some films are ‘ high art ’ ) , we become more and more certain that we must refuse that beguiling invitation to leave aside ‘ sociological categories ’ and move to ‘ the works of art themselves ’ .

Moreover we must refuse by a criterion often rhetorically invoked in these doubtful positions ; by the criterion of the strictest intellectual coherence and rigour .
[also] we must refuse by a criterion often rhetorically invoked in these doubtful positions ; by the criterion of the strictest intellectual coherence and rigour .

Everything is then to be gained by their serious recognition as social processes ; moreover as social processes of a highly significant and valuable kind .
everything is then to be gained by their serious recognition as social processes ; [also] as social processes of a highly significant and valuable kind .

Instead of untried young men , we were at last to have a pro , and moreover , one with an excellent voice .
instead of untried young men , we were at last to have a pro , and [also] , one with an excellent voice .

Moreover the pace of technological change has increased steadily during the latter half of the twentieth century so that the farm worker in turn has had to become more adaptable to successive new innovations .
[also] the pace of technological change has increased steadily during the latter half of the twentieth century so that the farm worker in turn has had to become more adaptable to successive new innovations .

Moreover , the distribution of workers is concentrated among the smaller farms — nearly a quarter of farm workers work on their own and nearly two-thirds work on farms employing four or less workers ; only one worker in twelve is on a farm with more than twenty employees .
[also] , the distribution of workers is concentrated among the smaller farms — nearly a quarter of farm workers work on their own and nearly two-thirds work on farms employing four or less workers ; only one worker in twelve is on a farm with more than twenty employees .

Moreover , the range of earnings within agriculture is relatively narrow .
[also] , the range of earnings within agriculture is relatively narrow .

Moreover many farm workers still find it difficult to meet the cost of private transport which might open up the range of alternatives .
[also] many farm workers still find it difficult to meet the cost of private transport which might open up the range of alternatives .

Moreover rural school-leavers themselves are increasingly aware of the stigma attached to working on the land after generations of poverty , exploitation and dependent status .
[also] rural school-leavers themselves are increasingly aware of the stigma attached to working on the land after generations of poverty , exploitation and dependent status .

It must be added , moreover , that this reputation has often been justified .
it must be added , [also] , that this reputation has often been justified .

The newcomer , moreover , does not enter the village as a lone individual who has to win social recognition among the locals in order to make life tolerable-Instead , particularly during the 1950s and 1960s , the newcomers arrived in such large numbers — perhaps due to the building of a new housing estate by a local speculative builder — that the individual ‘ immigrant ’ found himself one of many others whose values , behaviour and life-styles were similarly based upon urban , middle-class patterns of sociability .
the newcomer , [also] , does not enter the village as a lone individual who has to win social recognition among the locals in order to make life tolerable-instead , particularly during the 1950s and 1960s , the newcomers arrived in such large numbers — perhaps due to the building of a new housing estate by a local speculative builder — that the individual ‘ immigrant ’ found himself one of many others whose values , behaviour and life-styles were similarly based upon urban , middle-class patterns of sociability .

Housing is obviously a crucial resource and one for which , moreover , the whole rural population — farmers and farm workers , locals and newcomers , agricultural and non-agricultural families — are competing .
housing is obviously a crucial resource and one for which , [also] , the whole rural population — farmers and farm workers , locals and newcomers , agricultural and non-agricultural families — are competing .

Moreover the newcomers do like to see farm workers around the village since this serves as a reminder that they do indeed live in a ‘ truly rural ’ village , as opposed to a kind of rustic suburbia .
[also] the newcomers do like to see farm workers around the village since this serves as a reminder that they do indeed live in a ‘ truly rural ’ village , as opposed to a kind of rustic suburbia .

Moreover farmers , at least , continue to appreciate the skills of farm workers , so that the latter obtain much higher esteem from their employers than they can expect from many newcomers .
[also] farmers , at least , continue to appreciate the skills of farm workers , so that the latter obtain much higher esteem from their employers than they can expect from many newcomers .

Moreover , the impact of the newcomers has not been an entirely detrimental one , even for the locals .
[also] , the impact of the newcomers has not been an entirely detrimental one , even for the locals .

Moreover , much of the day-to-day administration has been placed in the hands of salaried officials with the specialized knowledge required to understand the complexities of modern local government administration .
[also] , much of the day-to-day administration has been placed in the hands of salaried officials with the specialized knowledge required to understand the complexities of modern local government administration .

Moreover , former farm workers and other locals who have ceased to work in the village but who remain resident there and commute to nearby towns , may also involve themselves in leisure activities over a much wider geographical area than hitherto .
[also] , former farm workers and other locals who have ceased to work in the village but who remain resident there and commute to nearby towns , may also involve themselves in leisure activities over a much wider geographical area than hitherto .

Moreover , most users saw the centres as somewhere to go to get out of the house rather than somewhere to learn .
[also] , most users saw the centres as somewhere to go to get out of the house rather than somewhere to learn .

Moreover , there are other difficulties associated with user involvement in day-centre management .
[also] , there are other difficulties associated with user involvement in day-centre management .

Moreover , users had access to files or documents held by social services that concerned them as individuals .
[also] , users had access to files or documents held by social services that concerned them as individuals .

Moreover , because only a minority were able to leave the centres at will , this policy further aggravated the social divisions within the group .
[also] , because only a minority were able to leave the centres at will , this policy further aggravated the social divisions within the group .

Moreover , factionalism and misrepresentation by a vocal minority prevented its development in the Contact group and staff 's authority went unchallenged .
[also] , factionalism and misrepresentation by a vocal minority prevented its development in the contact group and staff 's authority went unchallenged .

Moreover , Mary had a matter of her own to digest which at any other time would have been sufficient preoccupation .
[also] , mary had a matter of her own to digest which at any other time would have been sufficient preoccupation .

Moreover , the Crumps ' daughter would arrive in the morning .
[also] , the crumps ' daughter would arrive in the morning .

Moreover the gentleman was scrupulous beyond praise .
[also] the gentleman was scrupulous beyond praise .

Unless we face up to that fact , moreover , any discussion of how we can safeguard certain democratic arrangements that we regarded as part of the British ‘ constitution ’ in the past ( e.g .
unless we face up to that fact , [also] , any discussion of how we can safeguard certain democratic arrangements that we regarded as part of the british ‘ constitution ’ in the past ( e.g .

Moreover , if nothing could ever be taken for granted , there would be large deadweight losses arising from bargaining and factionalism .
[also] , if nothing could ever be taken for granted , there would be large deadweight losses arising from bargaining and factionalism .

( Moreover , since a parliamentary majority can change that order , prolong its own life , alter the franchise or reform the electoral system , even the political rights of the electorate depend on Parliament . )
( [also] , since a parliamentary majority can change that order , prolong its own life , alter the franchise or reform the electoral system , even the political rights of the electorate depend on parliament . )

Moreover because the forms and principles of legitimacy present at any one time are likely to be varied , it is not simply a case of appealing to principles against practices , but can also be a matter of appealing against practices justified by one form of legitimacy to alternative practices justified by other principles .
[also] because the forms and principles of legitimacy present at any one time are likely to be varied , it is not simply a case of appealing to principles against practices , but can also be a matter of appealing against practices justified by one form of legitimacy to alternative practices justified by other principles .

Moreover , some of the best qualified people in South Africa , Australia and elsewhere have sought openings for training in Europe or America because of lack of opportunities or resources at home .
[also] , some of the best qualified people in south africa , australia and elsewhere have sought openings for training in europe or america because of lack of opportunities or resources at home .

Moreover , there are continuous advances in tonal and technical design and production .
[also] , there are continuous advances in tonal and technical design and production .

Moreover , for home-produced music and self-taught instrumental playing , the only role models for many young vocalists and groups are provided through television and pop concerts .
[also] , for home-produced music and self-taught instrumental playing , the only role models for many young vocalists and groups are provided through television and pop concerts .

Moreover , both these leaders served immensely long political apprenticeships before finally winning independence ; Jinnah was at the forefront of Indian politics for nearly 40 years before he got his Pakistan ; Nehru was hailed as the Crown prince of Indian nationalism over 20 years before he was able to keep his tryst with destiny .
[also] , both these leaders served immensely long political apprenticeships before finally winning independence ; jinnah was at the forefront of indian politics for nearly 40 years before he got his pakistan ; nehru was hailed as the crown prince of indian nationalism over 20 years before he was able to keep his tryst with destiny .

Moreover , the new Labour government was anxious to speed up the demobilisation of British servicemen .
[also] , the new labour government was anxious to speed up the demobilisation of british servicemen .

Moreover , the Government proposed different ways whereby these three benefits could be made liable to tax .
[also] , the government proposed different ways whereby these three benefits could be made liable to tax .

Moreover , workers aged between 18 and 24 in 1975 — 7 were more than twice as likely as older workers to experience unemployment , and this ratio has been maintained despite the massive increase in the numbers of unemployed during the following decade .
[also] , workers aged between 18 and 24 in 1975 — 7 were more than twice as likely as older workers to experience unemployment , and this ratio has been maintained despite the massive increase in the numbers of unemployed during the following decade .

Moreover , unemployment benefit is paid at a lower rate , and , for a married couple , is valued at only 54 per cent of the level of the pension paid to a retired couple .
[also] , unemployment benefit is paid at a lower rate , and , for a married couple , is valued at only 54 per cent of the level of the pension paid to a retired couple .

Moreover , unemployment has not been evenly distributed .
[also] , unemployment has not been evenly distributed .

Moreover , a significant proportion of the jobs are likely to be low paid .
[also] , a significant proportion of the jobs are likely to be low paid .

Moreover , ‘ even where there was a scheme , they [ i.e .
[also] , ‘ even where there was a scheme , they [ i.e .

Moreover , areas of high unemployment do not necessarily have the factories to make the desired goods .
[also] , areas of high unemployment do not necessarily have the factories to make the desired goods .

Moreover , such a policy would be seen to be libertarian , in that it genuinely trusted people to spend their own money in ways they prefer , rather than trying to bribe them into centrally determined consumption patterns .
[also] , such a policy would be seen to be libertarian , in that it genuinely trusted people to spend their own money in ways they prefer , rather than trying to bribe them into centrally determined consumption patterns .

Moreover , the more effective the capital shares tax became , and the more the electorate approves of increases in this tax , the larger any consequent distribution of the derived revenue .
[also] , the more effective the capital shares tax became , and the more the electorate approves of increases in this tax , the larger any consequent distribution of the derived revenue .

Moreover , the thought of having one 's own flat takes on a different vision when it is situated on a sink council estate .
[also] , the thought of having one 's own flat takes on a different vision when it is situated on a sink council estate .

Moreover , this welfare-only approach ignores the opinions of low-paid workers themselves .
[also] , this welfare-only approach ignores the opinions of low-paid workers themselves .

Moreover , different stances and modes of enquiry can exist in respect of the same object , and this helps to explain why considerable ambiguities and tensions can exist within disciplines as well as between them .
[also] , different stances and modes of enquiry can exist in respect of the same object , and this helps to explain why considerable ambiguities and tensions can exist within disciplines as well as between them .

Moreover , there is no room here to explore the comments further , to probe the reasoning behind them or to see to what extent they represent a wider consensus .
[also] , there is no room here to explore the comments further , to probe the reasoning behind them or to see to what extent they represent a wider consensus .

Moreover , the prima facie evidence for [ h ] -dropping continues well into EModE — long after there can be any suspicion of direct Anglo-Norman scribal interference .
[also] , the prima facie evidence for [ h ] -dropping continues well into emode — long after there can be any suspicion of direct anglo-norman scribal interference .

Moreover , the receivers may some day want to use the imprecision and ambiguity to their advantage .
[also] , the receivers may some day want to use the imprecision and ambiguity to their advantage .

Moreover , once the cases were distributed to each member , the reactions were jocular .
[also] , once the cases were distributed to each member , the reactions were jocular .

Moreover , it is difficult for the human mind to pay attention to the interpersonal actions and to the substantive issues at the same time .
[also] , it is difficult for the human mind to pay attention to the interpersonal actions and to the substantive issues at the same time .

Moreover , the specialists are found in operations , not at corporate headquarters .
[also] , the specialists are found in operations , not at corporate headquarters .

Moreover , an interest in alternative prescriptions would seem ill advised .
[also] , an interest in alternative prescriptions would seem ill advised .

Moreover , they will have to depend on a national institutional environment if their strategy for the organization is to succeed .
[also] , they will have to depend on a national institutional environment if their strategy for the organization is to succeed .

In this work Moscovici showed how concepts such as ‘ neurosis ’ were altered as they passed from intellectual circles to common consciousness , and , moreover , this passage changed common consciousness .
in this work moscovici showed how concepts such as ‘ neurosis ’ were altered as they passed from intellectual circles to common consciousness , and , [also] , this passage changed common consciousness .

Moreover , the subtle semantic shifts of the speaker 's ‘ we ’ showed that membership of multiple ‘ we 's ’ created no bewilderment , or ‘ crisis of identity ’ , to use a psychological term .
[also] , the subtle semantic shifts of the speaker 's ‘ we ’ showed that membership of multiple ‘ we 's ’ created no bewilderment , or ‘ crisis of identity ’ , to use a psychological term .

Moreover , the argument concerns tactics as well as ideology .
[also] , the argument concerns tactics as well as ideology .

Moreover Vanguard specifically criticized its rivals within the National Front for seeing Gadaffi as a ‘ national revolutionary , freedom fighter and advocate of the armed people ’ .
[also] vanguard specifically criticized its rivals within the national front for seeing gadaffi as a ‘ national revolutionary , freedom fighter and advocate of the armed people ’ .

Moreover , because Zionism is seen as an international force , it can be combated all the more easily once Jews are concentrated in Israel and ‘ nationalists ’ have strengthened themselves and their countries by being Jew-free .
[also] , because zionism is seen as an international force , it can be combated all the more easily once jews are concentrated in israel and ‘ nationalists ’ have strengthened themselves and their countries by being jew-free .

Moreover , it is socially important for the way that it demystifies such manoeuvres .
[also] , it is socially important for the way that it demystifies such manoeuvres .

Moreover , as will be suggested , the implicit features may well be contrary to the explicit ones .
[also] , as will be suggested , the implicit features may well be contrary to the explicit ones .

Moreover , the balance between explicit criticism and justification can change as the context of controversy develops historically .
[also] , the balance between explicit criticism and justification can change as the context of controversy develops historically .

Moreover , the implicit criticisms may not come from sources external to the attitude-holder , but may originate from within the ideology shared by the attitude-holder .
[also] , the implicit criticisms may not come from sources external to the attitude-holder , but may originate from within the ideology shared by the attitude-holder .

The case of Donoghue v. Stevenson is noted moreover for the general test as to liability in negligence propounded by Lord Atkin where he says : ‘ You must not injure your neighbour .
the case of donoghue v. stevenson is noted [also] for the general test as to liability in negligence propounded by lord atkin where he says : ‘ you must not injure your neighbour .

Obviously entrepreneurs will seek to pay the cheapest possible rent in order to minimize costs ; moreover , they will seek to establish a fixed rent for the duration of the lease , so that the money paid in rent can easily be forecast when planning the business .
obviously entrepreneurs will seek to pay the cheapest possible rent in order to minimize costs ; [also] , they will seek to establish a fixed rent for the duration of the lease , so that the money paid in rent can easily be forecast when planning the business .

However , if a pub wished to expand its business by the creation of a restaurant and moreover by offering accommodation , this would amount to a material change and planning permission would be required to convert the premises for such use .
however , if a pub wished to expand its business by the creation of a restaurant and [also] by offering accommodation , this would amount to a material change and planning permission would be required to convert the premises for such use .

Moreover , how do the bunched innovations have their effect on the economy as a whole ?
[also] , how do the bunched innovations have their effect on the economy as a whole ?

Moreover the multinational corporations are responsible for the investment in plants around the globe , establishing new capitalist , industrial operations in each country with each plant performing a part of the labour that goes into producing commodities .
[also] the multinational corporations are responsible for the investment in plants around the globe , establishing new capitalist , industrial operations in each country with each plant performing a part of the labour that goes into producing commodities .

Moreover while electronics is seen as a growth industry , it is in fact nationally a sector of ‘ jobless growth ’ .
[also] while electronics is seen as a growth industry , it is in fact nationally a sector of ‘ jobless growth ’ .

Moreover that growth has been greatest where the decline in manufacturing employment has been least — that is , in the regions of ‘ the south ’ .
[also] that growth has been greatest where the decline in manufacturing employment has been least — that is , in the regions of ‘ the south ’ .

Moreover , from such analysis it was clear that in fact companies had responded in a whole range of different ways to the pressures upon them , and indeed that the nature of those pressures varied between industries and between firms .
[also] , from such analysis it was clear that in fact companies had responded in a whole range of different ways to the pressures upon them , and indeed that the nature of those pressures varied between industries and between firms .

Moreover all of them have to be set against the background of the changing pressures on industry deriving from wider changes in the national and international economy .
[also] all of them have to be set against the background of the changing pressures on industry deriving from wider changes in the national and international economy .

Moreover , throughout all these swings , London has retained a peculiar importance within the national economy as a whole .
[also] , throughout all these swings , london has retained a peculiar importance within the national economy as a whole .

Moreover these different forms of uneven development are constructed one upon the other .
[also] these different forms of uneven development are constructed one upon the other .

Moreover , imbalances arose within the economy as a whole , in particular between consumption goods and capital goods .
[also] , imbalances arose within the economy as a whole , in particular between consumption goods and capital goods .

The meaning ( s ) of — ness can , moreover , be glossed : ‘ the degree to which ( he was kind ) ’ or ‘ the fact that ( he was kind ) ’ ; also , these meanings are recurrent — they appear also in coolness and foolishness ( notice that if the two meanings had been signalled by two different affixes , there would be no problem about their status as constituents ) .
the meaning ( s ) of — ness can , [also] , be glossed : ‘ the degree to which ( he was kind ) ’ or ‘ the fact that ( he was kind ) ’ ; also , these meanings are recurrent — they appear also in coolness and foolishness ( notice that if the two meanings had been signalled by two different affixes , there would be no problem about their status as constituents ) .

Moreover , a house , like a novel , is a small world defined against , but also reflecting , a larger one .
[also] , a house , like a novel , is a small world defined against , but also reflecting , a larger one .

Moreover , when its characters stay at home , the walls of their houses , though rarely described in any detail , reflect the values and aspirations of Palladian architecture .
[also] , when its characters stay at home , the walls of their houses , though rarely described in any detail , reflect the values and aspirations of palladian architecture .

Its structures , moreover , are irregular , supposedly answering to the needs of those within , not dictated from without by the demands of symmetry ; their emphasis is vertical , aspiring heavenwards ( as the Victorians frequently remarked ) , where that of the classical house is horizontal , connecting with the values of this earth .
its structures , [also] , are irregular , supposedly answering to the needs of those within , not dictated from without by the demands of symmetry ; their emphasis is vertical , aspiring heavenwards ( as the victorians frequently remarked ) , where that of the classical house is horizontal , connecting with the values of this earth .

Fonthill Abbey , however , was not a success that anyone would ( or could ) have chosen to emulate , where the playfulness of Strawberry Hill was infectious , and moreover suited to much humbler houses .
fonthill abbey , however , was not a success that anyone would ( or could ) have chosen to emulate , where the playfulness of strawberry hill was infectious , and [also] suited to much humbler houses .

It was , moreover , widely disseminated by a profusion of pattern books which concentrated upon smaller houses .
it was , [also] , widely disseminated by a profusion of pattern books which concentrated upon smaller houses .

That problem , moreover , related not only to furnishing but to architecture , where the Rule of Taste was in similar disarray .
that problem , [also] , related not only to furnishing but to architecture , where the rule of taste was in similar disarray .

The fictional houses of Dickens are , moreover , not only of all types , but of all ages .
the fictional houses of dickens are , [also] , not only of all types , but of all ages .

Moreover , as will emerge in later chapters , segregation became the order of the day , not only in relation to the world outside the house , but in the arrangement of its internal plan .
[also] , as will emerge in later chapters , segregation became the order of the day , not only in relation to the world outside the house , but in the arrangement of its internal plan .

Moreover , although the Gothic novel was largely escapist , its plebeian characters tended to be much more conspicuous than Jane Austen 's servants , and to have a distinct character of their own .
[also] , although the gothic novel was largely escapist , its plebeian characters tended to be much more conspicuous than jane austen 's servants , and to have a distinct character of their own .

His Gothic hall is , moreover , no more than a salon rechristened ; there is a separate dining-room and the servants are kept firmly at a distance by the staircase .
his gothic hall is , [also] , no more than a salon rechristened ; there is a separate dining-room and the servants are kept firmly at a distance by the staircase .

Moreover , the word ‘ irregularity ’ has moral connotations , and Gothic novels are often concerned with disreputable doings .
[also] , the word ‘ irregularity ’ has moral connotations , and gothic novels are often concerned with disreputable doings .

It has of course a ‘ baronial ’ hall ( in addition to , not instead of , a salon ) , complete with ‘ its rich roof , its gallery and screen ’ , not to mention its buttery-hatch which is , moreover , put to its proper use .
it has of course a ‘ baronial ’ hall ( in addition to , not instead of , a salon ) , complete with ‘ its rich roof , its gallery and screen ’ , not to mention its buttery-hatch which is , [also] , put to its proper use .

Moreover , improbable as such ideas of benevolent paternalism and renascent feudalism may appear , they were sometimes translated into bricks and mortar .
[also] , improbable as such ideas of benevolent paternalism and renascent feudalism may appear , they were sometimes translated into bricks and mortar .

The house , moreover , has its relation to the industrial town as Engels describes it , which is also planned so that the paths of the separate nations need never cross .
the house , [also] , has its relation to the industrial town as engels describes it , which is also planned so that the paths of the separate nations need never cross .

’ Moreover , although such villages were often described as ‘ model ’ , they were evidently built more for the lord than for the labourer .
’ [also] , although such villages were often described as ‘ model ’ , they were evidently built more for the lord than for the labourer .

One did not , moreover , have to be very rich to cultivate such an outlook .
one did not , [also] , have to be very rich to cultivate such an outlook .

Moreover , many writers took the opportunity to stress that the other nation was quite capable of home-making , the root of all goodness in that period .
[also] , many writers took the opportunity to stress that the other nation was quite capable of home-making , the root of all goodness in that period .

’ Moreover , she states quite emphatically that ‘ they do n't pay as an investment ’ , despite a rent of .
’ [also] , she states quite emphatically that ‘ they do n't pay as an investment ’ , despite a rent of .

The three bedrooms cater ‘ for that separation which , with a family , is so essential to morality and decency ’ ; moreover , ‘ the children 's bedrooms … opening out of the living-room , an opportunity is afforded for the exercise of parental watchfulness ’ .
the three bedrooms cater ‘ for that separation which , with a family , is so essential to morality and decency ’ ; [also] , ‘ the children 's bedrooms … opening out of the living-room , an opportunity is afforded for the exercise of parental watchfulness ’ .

Slum clearance was no answer , since the indigent were simply displaced from the centre of cities to make slums of the suburbs ; it was useless , and moreover dangerous , to destroy the housing of the poor without replacing it , as Godwin again remarked , with his eye on Paris .
slum clearance was no answer , since the indigent were simply displaced from the centre of cities to make slums of the suburbs ; it was useless , and [also] dangerous , to destroy the housing of the poor without replacing it , as godwin again remarked , with his eye on paris .

Moreover , as in America , a growing youth movement was attracting media attention and added to the impression that ‘ kids ca n't read , do n't know how to behave , and are n't willing to work ’ .
[also] , as in america , a growing youth movement was attracting media attention and added to the impression that ‘ kids ca n't read , do n't know how to behave , and are n't willing to work ’ .

Moreover , those published have never been analysed to see whether they reflect the theory .
[also] , those published have never been analysed to see whether they reflect the theory .

Moreover he omits , virtually without mention , the extraordinary improvements made in English industrial life , and elsewhere , in the second half of the nineteenth century and which made many of these towns what they are today .
[also] he omits , virtually without mention , the extraordinary improvements made in english industrial life , and elsewhere , in the second half of the nineteenth century and which made many of these towns what they are today .

Moreover , it was the low-lying areas that were vacant when the industrialists appeared on the scene , for earlier generations had wisely avoided building on them wherever they could .
[also] , it was the low-lying areas that were vacant when the industrialists appeared on the scene , for earlier generations had wisely avoided building on them wherever they could .

Towns , moreover , so utterly dissimilar in other ways — Salisbury and Middlesbrough , Barrow-in-Furness and Winchelsea ?
towns , [also] , so utterly dissimilar in other ways — salisbury and middlesbrough , barrow-in-furness and winchelsea ?

Moreover , these houses had four rooms , and each room was bigger than its Nottingham counterpart ; and there was rarely more than one family per house .
[also] , these houses had four rooms , and each room was bigger than its nottingham counterpart ; and there was rarely more than one family per house .

Bayonne has known many other military episodes than these ; moreover , you need only to drop one of the two n s from its name to recognize it as the birthplace of that sinister weapon , the bayonet .
bayonne has known many other military episodes than these ; [also] , you need only to drop one of the two n s from its name to recognize it as the birthplace of that sinister weapon , the bayonet .

Stereotypes , moreover , are subject to historical change and geographical variation and salience .
stereotypes , [also] , are subject to historical change and geographical variation and salience .

Moreover , while Phizacklea and Miles believe that changes in the material circumstances of the working class can provide only a partial solution to the problem of racist ideologies , the political project of the transformation of capitalism and working-class conditions advocated by Hatcher and Shall ice ( and other left antiracists in education ) squeezes out of consideration the rather important caveat entered by Phizacklea and Miles about the prospects for change in racist ideologies as a result of changes in the material base .
[also] , while phizacklea and miles believe that changes in the material circumstances of the working class can provide only a partial solution to the problem of racist ideologies , the political project of the transformation of capitalism and working-class conditions advocated by hatcher and shall ice ( and other left antiracists in education ) squeezes out of consideration the rather important caveat entered by phizacklea and miles about the prospects for change in racist ideologies as a result of changes in the material base .

Moreover , resistances other than those posed by ‘ immediate experience ’ are ignored ; for instance , possible sexual anxieties provoked by moral panics , common enough in the 1970s and early 1980s , around black ‘ muggers ’ and ‘ rapists ’ .
[also] , resistances other than those posed by ‘ immediate experience ’ are ignored ; for instance , possible sexual anxieties provoked by moral panics , common enough in the 1970s and early 1980s , around black ‘ muggers ’ and ‘ rapists ’ .

Moreover , it has been reworked within the cultural forms and practices of a whole variety of subaltern groups .
[also] , it has been reworked within the cultural forms and practices of a whole variety of subaltern groups .

Moreover , it is through such means that the discretionary powers and prerogatives of the copper on the beat come to be exercised .
[also] , it is through such means that the discretionary powers and prerogatives of the copper on the beat come to be exercised .

Moreover , in order to assist us , whilst still maintaining the privileges of the House of Commons , he made submissions as to the effect of such material on the construction of section 63 if , contrary to his contentions and advice , we decided this appeal with the assistance of such material .
[also] , in order to assist us , whilst still maintaining the privileges of the house of commons , he made submissions as to the effect of such material on the construction of section 63 if , contrary to his contentions and advice , we decided this appeal with the assistance of such material .

‘ For purely practical reasons we do not permit debates in either House to be cited : it would add greatly to the time and expense involved in preparing cases involving the construction of a statute if counsel were expected to read all the debates in Hansard , and it would often be impracticable for counsel to get access to at least the older reports of debates in Select Committees of the House of Commons ; moreover , in a very large proportion of cases such a search , even if practicable , would throw no light on the question before the court .
‘ for purely practical reasons we do not permit debates in either house to be cited : it would add greatly to the time and expense involved in preparing cases involving the construction of a statute if counsel were expected to read all the debates in hansard , and it would often be impracticable for counsel to get access to at least the older reports of debates in select committees of the house of commons ; [also] , in a very large proportion of cases such a search , even if practicable , would throw no light on the question before the court .

Moreover , experience in New Zealand and Australia ( where the strict rule has been relaxed for some years ) has not shown that the non-availability of materials has raised these practical problems .
[also] , experience in new zealand and australia ( where the strict rule has been relaxed for some years ) has not shown that the non-availability of materials has raised these practical problems .

Moreover , the Attorney-General 's contentions are inconsistent with the practice which has now continued over a number of years in cases of judicial review .
[also] , the attorney-general 's contentions are inconsistent with the practice which has now continued over a number of years in cases of judicial review .

Moreover , in the interests of trade regulation , thrashed out after many years of conflict between coalowners , merchants , shipowners and government , colliers were loaded in sequence and sailed in convoy , giving even better opportunities than elsewhere for seamen , keel men and others to pressurize their employers by delay .
[also] , in the interests of trade regulation , thrashed out after many years of conflict between coalowners , merchants , shipowners and government , colliers were loaded in sequence and sailed in convoy , giving even better opportunities than elsewhere for seamen , keel men and others to pressurize their employers by delay .

Moreover it had been enthusiastically received by the President of the Board of Trade , Mr Sydney Buxton , on whose friendship and support Wilson believed that he could rely .
[also] it had been enthusiastically received by the president of the board of trade , mr sydney buxton , on whose friendship and support wilson believed that he could rely .

Moreover , it is particularly within two broad areas of services — distribution , hotels and catering , and `` other services `` — that temporary workers are to be found .
[also] , it is particularly within two broad areas of services — distribution , hotels and catering , and `` other services `` — that temporary workers are to be found .

Moreover , although their new jobs were temporary , not all of them regarded them as a `` stop-gap `` .
[also] , although their new jobs were temporary , not all of them regarded them as a `` stop-gap `` .

Moreover , people entering unemployment because a temporary job had come to an end were more likely to leave unemployment via another temporary job .
[also] , people entering unemployment because a temporary job had come to an end were more likely to leave unemployment via another temporary job .

Moreover , a similar or larger proportion claim either to enjoy the frequent change of tasks and environment , the flexibility of `` temping `` and of being able to take spells off between assignments , or to have commitments which make continuous working impossible ; even if , as one recent survey ( Manpower , 1986 ) showed , this was Sometimes to be set off against a feeling of employment insecurity .
[also] , a similar or larger proportion claim either to enjoy the frequent change of tasks and environment , the flexibility of `` temping `` and of being able to take spells off between assignments , or to have commitments which make continuous working impossible ; even if , as one recent survey ( manpower , 1986 ) showed , this was sometimes to be set off against a feeling of employment insecurity .

Moreover , once such a situation arises , it has its own repercussions .
[also] , once such a situation arises , it has its own repercussions .

Moreover , whilst the first group usually have only intermediate level qualifications and are performing non-executive , non-developmental tasks , the second have higher level qualifications and perform developmental and even managerial tasks .
[also] , whilst the first group usually have only intermediate level qualifications and are performing non-executive , non-developmental tasks , the second have higher level qualifications and perform developmental and even managerial tasks .

Moreover , whilst many agencies now seek to make clear that the relationship with their temporary workers is not one of employment , many of the larger ones also offer them `` employee-like `` fringe benefits and try to encourage agency loyalty .
[also] , whilst many agencies now seek to make clear that the relationship with their temporary workers is not one of employment , many of the larger ones also offer them `` employee-like `` fringe benefits and try to encourage agency loyalty .

Moreover , their pay is not always subject to tax and social insurance deductions .
[also] , their pay is not always subject to tax and social insurance deductions .

Moreover , it affects only certain types of staff , primarily lower level managers and supervisors , occasionally also skilled chefs .
[also] , it affects only certain types of staff , primarily lower level managers and supervisors , occasionally also skilled chefs .

Moreover , were it to occur , such workers should have little difficulty in finding a similar position elsewhere .
[also] , were it to occur , such workers should have little difficulty in finding a similar position elsewhere .

Moreover , despite the apparent contradiction , casual working at least in this sector is a highly formalized system of working .
[also] , despite the apparent contradiction , casual working at least in this sector is a highly formalized system of working .

Moreover , although employers in the holiday camps sector themselves reserve the right to terminate seasonal workers ' employment before the end of the season when the site finally shuts down , they seldom have to exercise this right .
[also] , although employers in the holiday camps sector themselves reserve the right to terminate seasonal workers ' employment before the end of the season when the site finally shuts down , they seldom have to exercise this right .

Moreover , the notice that had to be given to temporary workers was always the statutory minimum ( one week if , as was usual , they had less than two years service ) rather than the extended notice ( often a minimum of four weeks ) which many of the organisations had granted to their regular workforces .
[also] , the notice that had to be given to temporary workers was always the statutory minimum ( one week if , as was usual , they had less than two years service ) rather than the extended notice ( often a minimum of four weeks ) which many of the organisations had granted to their regular workforces .

Moreover , whilst in the retailing sector enterprises might supplement their labour forces by about 10 per cent to cope with seasonal peaks , in the holidays sector the increase made might be as high as several hundred per cent .
[also] , whilst in the retailing sector enterprises might supplement their labour forces by about 10 per cent to cope with seasonal peaks , in the holidays sector the increase made might be as high as several hundred per cent .

Indeed , in the course of our research it became increasingly clear that many of those commenting upon the `` new `` temporary working were making reference to the same small number of examples of this practice — examples , moreover , in which the number of temporary workers actually employed was often very low [ see Chapter 7 ] .
indeed , in the course of our research it became increasingly clear that many of those commenting upon the `` new `` temporary working were making reference to the same small number of examples of this practice — examples , [also] , in which the number of temporary workers actually employed was often very low [ see chapter 7 ] .

Moreover , convergence problems can arise .
[also] , convergence problems can arise .

Moreover , Dewey gave an undertaking that no drastic changes would ever be made in the allocation of numbers to subjects , although certain modifications have been made in recent editions .
[also] , dewey gave an undertaking that no drastic changes would ever be made in the allocation of numbers to subjects , although certain modifications have been made in recent editions .

Moreover , they have been trained to serve and you will find them most helpful .
[also] , they have been trained to serve and you will find them most helpful .

Foreign places , moreover , bring out the writer in strangers less word obsessed than Frederica Potter .
foreign places , [also] , bring out the writer in strangers less word obsessed than frederica potter .

Moreover the provisions of section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) also seem to point in the same direction .
[also] the provisions of section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) also seem to point in the same direction .

‘ Moreover , on general principles , it would in my judgment be a plain interference with or usurpation of an owner 's rights by the customer if he were to remove a label which the owner had placed on goods or put another label on .
‘ [also] , on general principles , it would in my judgment be a plain interference with or usurpation of an owner 's rights by the customer if he were to remove a label which the owner had placed on goods or put another label on .

It is moreover not a new word to use in connection with theft .
it is [also] not a new word to use in connection with theft .

Cossacks and `` White Russians `` : Macmillan immediately runs on , in this catalogue of Gen Keightley 's problems : `` Moreover , among the surrendered Germans are about 40,000 Cossacks and `` White `` Russians , with their wives and children .
cossacks and `` white russians `` : macmillan immediately runs on , in this catalogue of gen keightley 's problems : `` [also] , among the surrendered germans are about 40,000 cossacks and `` white `` russians , with their wives and children .

Moreover , the herb can be planted without disturbance to the roots , almost immediately after buying , whereas those sent through the post may spend many days travelling in inadequate packaging , having been dug up or removed from a container .
[also] , the herb can be planted without disturbance to the roots , almost immediately after buying , whereas those sent through the post may spend many days travelling in inadequate packaging , having been dug up or removed from a container .

Moreover , the roots or leaves used as fomentations are of considerable use when applied to sprains , swellings , and bruises , and as a poultice to cuts , boils and abscesses .
[also] , the roots or leaves used as fomentations are of considerable use when applied to sprains , swellings , and bruises , and as a poultice to cuts , boils and abscesses .

Moreover , if the permanent representation is more `` highly processed `` , then in a task which can only be performed by referring to this higher.level information a right hemisphere advantage should be found even with a zero inter.stimulus interval , that is , with simultaneous presentation of the two stimuli to be matched .
[also] , if the permanent representation is more `` highly processed `` , then in a task which can only be performed by referring to this higher.level information a right hemisphere advantage should be found even with a zero inter.stimulus interval , that is , with simultaneous presentation of the two stimuli to be matched .

Moreover , as Penfield and Roberts admit , the effects of cortical stimulation are not consistent since `` electrical interference in a given area is only effective about 50 per cent of the time .
[also] , as penfield and roberts admit , the effects of cortical stimulation are not consistent since `` electrical interference in a given area is only effective about 50 per cent of the time .

Moreover those three reeds are guarded by a witch whose life will end when they are cut down .
[also] those three reeds are guarded by a witch whose life will end when they are cut down .

Moreover the moles dug hundreds of tunnels under their line of march .
[also] the moles dug hundreds of tunnels under their line of march .

Moreover there were herdsmen looking after them , and girls milking them , and women churning butter and making cheese .
[also] there were herdsmen looking after them , and girls milking them , and women churning butter and making cheese .

Moreover , when she was born , the vili , the fairies of the millstream , had dipped her in the drops that fell from the mill-wheel , so that all trouble should likewise fall away from her .
[also] , when she was born , the vili , the fairies of the millstream , had dipped her in the drops that fell from the mill-wheel , so that all trouble should likewise fall away from her .

Moreover , the less well-situated members of the nobility looked with envy and disdain on the increasing wealth of the bourgeoisie .
[also] , the less well-situated members of the nobility looked with envy and disdain on the increasing wealth of the bourgeoisie .

Moreover , much of the trace element and vitamin value of ash is lost in the cooking process . So you might reasonably suppose that ash is overdone in cheaper brands of pond food : and who has money to burn ?
[also] , much of the trace element and vitamin value of ash is lost in the cooking process . so you might reasonably suppose that ash is overdone in cheaper brands of pond food : and who has money to burn ?

She feels she is on the verge of some interesting illumination here , but has to abandon it in order to search for Brian , to ask him to fasten the back of her dress : if she does not leave soon , she will be late for her early arrival , and moreover she has promised to meet Esther Breuer at eight thirty precisely on the corner of Harley Street and Weymouth Street .
she feels she is on the verge of some interesting illumination here , but has to abandon it in order to search for brian , to ask him to fasten the back of her dress : if she does not leave soon , she will be late for her early arrival , and [also] she has promised to meet esther breuer at eight thirty precisely on the corner of harley street and weymouth street .

Liz had never admired , and had at times expressed somewhat freely ( and in her own view wittily ) her lack of response to Henrietta 's frigid style and vapid conversation , but nevertheless felt herself , in Henrietta 's presence , rendered almost as dull as Henrietta , and moreover uneasily aware that in other houses , in other milieux , at a distance , in other circles , she had seen Henrietta sparkling , laughing , surrounded by life — vacuous life , feverish small talk , no doubt , but life — a life that froze in Liz as she contemplated her guest 's stiff blue taffeta gown ( this was surely a gown , not a dress , and , not even English , probably French ) , her exposed white bosom , her diamond necklace ( well , probably diamonds , why not ? )
liz had never admired , and had at times expressed somewhat freely ( and in her own view wittily ) her lack of response to henrietta 's frigid style and vapid conversation , but nevertheless felt herself , in henrietta 's presence , rendered almost as dull as henrietta , and [also] uneasily aware that in other houses , in other milieux , at a distance , in other circles , she had seen henrietta sparkling , laughing , surrounded by life — vacuous life , feverish small talk , no doubt , but life — a life that froze in liz as she contemplated her guest 's stiff blue taffeta gown ( this was surely a gown , not a dress , and , not even english , probably french ) , her exposed white bosom , her diamond necklace ( well , probably diamonds , why not ? )

He was sitting , moreover , where he had often been told not to sit .
he was sitting , [also] , where he had often been told not to sit .

Moreover , the pretrial phase dominated the process to the extent that the pretrial dossier formed the basis for the final verdict without being put to further searching judicial scrutiny .
[also] , the pretrial phase dominated the process to the extent that the pretrial dossier formed the basis for the final verdict without being put to further searching judicial scrutiny .

Moreover , even when experimenters are aware of the expectancy factor , its effects can persist .
[also] , even when experimenters are aware of the expectancy factor , its effects can persist .

Moreover , there is the likelihood that the experimenter has not even considered the possibility of such unintended effects on his subjects ' responses .
[also] , there is the likelihood that the experimenter has not even considered the possibility of such unintended effects on his subjects ' responses .

Moreover , the impossibility of achieving scientific standards of objectivity increases the need for review .
[also] , the impossibility of achieving scientific standards of objectivity increases the need for review .

However , they may not be a reliable guide to the distribution of wealth among the living : for instance individuals may transfer some of their wealth to other family members before they die ; moreover those who die tend to be older than other members of the population , and wealth is not equally distributed between age groups .
however , they may not be a reliable guide to the distribution of wealth among the living : for instance individuals may transfer some of their wealth to other family members before they die ; [also] those who die tend to be older than other members of the population , and wealth is not equally distributed between age groups .

Moreover , it is unlikely to be in such a position until it has come to grips with the broader contradictions underlying its current operation — its devotion to the Common Agricultural Policy on the one hand and its ambition to recruit the states of Central Europe as members on the other .
[also] , it is unlikely to be in such a position until it has come to grips with the broader contradictions underlying its current operation — its devotion to the common agricultural policy on the one hand and its ambition to recruit the states of central europe as members on the other .

Moreover , buckminsterfullerene can be made with metal ions incorporated in its interior ; the internal cavities of small fullerenes are too small to hold metal ions .
[also] , buckminsterfullerene can be made with metal ions incorporated in its interior ; the internal cavities of small fullerenes are too small to hold metal ions .

The discrepancy for Galileo 's observation in 1613 is larger if true , but Galileo 's notes are ambiguous , and , moreover , Standish and Nobili have found another Neptune observation by Galileo , this one agreeing with ephemeris predictions ( personal communication ) .
the discrepancy for galileo 's observation in 1613 is larger if true , but galileo 's notes are ambiguous , and , [also] , standish and nobili have found another neptune observation by galileo , this one agreeing with ephemeris predictions ( personal communication ) .

Moreover , since , under section 6 ( 4 ) all those who had applied for admission to the school had expressed a statutory preference for that school , the rejection of any one of those applicants involved a failure to give effect to the preference of one or more parents .
[also] , since , under section 6 ( 4 ) all those who had applied for admission to the school had expressed a statutory preference for that school , the rejection of any one of those applicants involved a failure to give effect to the preference of one or more parents .

Moreover a sea-battle which followed , off Kekryphaleia , a small island between Aigina and Epidaurus , and some fighting on Aigina itself and in the Megarid , were conducted by ‘ the Peloponnesians ’ , who are mentioned several times .
[also] a sea-battle which followed , off kekryphaleia , a small island between aigina and epidaurus , and some fighting on aigina itself and in the megarid , were conducted by ‘ the peloponnesians ’ , who are mentioned several times .

Moreover , the Thessalians by tradition held the presidency of the Amphictyonic Council ( Syll .
[also] , the thessalians by tradition held the presidency of the amphictyonic council ( syll .

Moreover , as counsel for the respondent pointed out , in my view correctly , the law of defamation makes adequate provision by the principle adopted in respect of fair comment to protect those who make legitimate critical comments on matters of public interest .
[also] , as counsel for the respondent pointed out , in my view correctly , the law of defamation makes adequate provision by the principle adopted in respect of fair comment to protect those who make legitimate critical comments on matters of public interest .

Moreover , this conclusion points to two additional guidelines .
[also] , this conclusion points to two additional guidelines .

Moreover , however arbitrary musical meanings and conventions are — rather than being ‘ natural ’ , or determined by some human essence or by the needs of class expression — once particular musical elements are put together in particular ways , and acquire particular connotations , these can be hard to shift .
[also] , however arbitrary musical meanings and conventions are — rather than being ‘ natural ’ , or determined by some human essence or by the needs of class expression — once particular musical elements are put together in particular ways , and acquire particular connotations , these can be hard to shift .

The words are organized around symmetrical pairs ( grace/wretch ; lost/found ; blind/see ) and the tune , at least in its best known version , not only divides into an open/closed parallelism , through its cadence structure , but within this , the subsidiary phrases form complementary pairs ; moreover , the overall pitch contour follows the arch shape typical of this song type ( see Ex .
the words are organized around symmetrical pairs ( grace/wretch ; lost/found ; blind/see ) and the tune , at least in its best known version , not only divides into an open/closed parallelism , through its cadence structure , but within this , the subsidiary phrases form complementary pairs ; [also] , the overall pitch contour follows the arch shape typical of this song type ( see ex .

Within the counterculture , moreover , the response to each of the songs would have been different among different subgroups .
within the counterculture , [also] , the response to each of the songs would have been different among different subgroups .

Moreover , it overstates the homogeneity of the components making up the ruling structure ( the state ; the economic units ; administrative and ideological apparatuses ) .
[also] , it overstates the homogeneity of the components making up the ruling structure ( the state ; the economic units ; administrative and ideological apparatuses ) .

Moreover , within the chorus , the identical music is heard three times : it is , to use Adorno 's phrase , ‘ the same familiar experience ’ that is emphasized ( 1941 : 18 ) .
[also] , within the chorus , the identical music is heard three times : it is , to use adorno 's phrase , ‘ the same familiar experience ’ that is emphasized ( 1941 : 18 ) .

Moreover , quite often the third phrase repeats the melodic shape of the first two and frequently there are rifts — often of traditional or clichéd types — in the instrumental accompaniment .
[also] , quite often the third phrase repeats the melodic shape of the first two and frequently there are rifts — often of traditional or clichéd types — in the instrumental accompaniment .

Moreover , many ‘ new ’ structural ideas soon evolve into types , with their own conventionalized schemes .
[also] , many ‘ new ’ structural ideas soon evolve into types , with their own conventionalized schemes .

Moreover , Bradley continues , the specific nature of cultural goods , which Adorno recognizes , can not be adequately covered by his argument that the apparent use-value of popular music ( its ‘ immediacy ’ , its status as ‘ art ’ and as a repository of ‘ human ’ feeling , and so on ) is an illusion which actually functions in the service of exchange-value ( it is an aspect of what people buy ) .
[also] , bradley continues , the specific nature of cultural goods , which adorno recognizes , can not be adequately covered by his argument that the apparent use-value of popular music ( its ‘ immediacy ’ , its status as ‘ art ’ and as a repository of ‘ human ’ feeling , and so on ) is an illusion which actually functions in the service of exchange-value ( it is an aspect of what people buy ) .

Moreover , the technology is by its nature reversible : a radio receiver is potentially also a transmitter ; a cassette player ( sic ) can also record ; even a gramophone record can be used as a factor within a new productive enterprise , as the practices of rap and scratching demonstrate .
[also] , the technology is by its nature reversible : a radio receiver is potentially also a transmitter ; a cassette player ( sic ) can also record ; even a gramophone record can be used as a factor within a new productive enterprise , as the practices of rap and scratching demonstrate .

Moreover , recording is a medium in which improvisation can be incorporated — or transformed through subsequent work — into composition .
[also] , recording is a medium in which improvisation can be incorporated — or transformed through subsequent work — into composition .

Moreover , when Shepherd comes to analyse twentieth-century musics ( Shepherd 1982 ) , he tries to see how different musical languages , reflecting different relationships to the ‘ symbolic-technological filter ’ , could be associated with the different social positions of particular groups .
[also] , when shepherd comes to analyse twentieth-century musics ( shepherd 1982 ) , he tries to see how different musical languages , reflecting different relationships to the ‘ symbolic-technological filter ’ , could be associated with the different social positions of particular groups .

The different media regimes , moreover , do have social effects .
the different media regimes , [also] , do have social effects .

Moreover , the social evolution of Britain , as well as certain political factors , tended to weaken the class alignment in the electorate as a whole and not only in the young ’ ( ibid .
[also] , the social evolution of britain , as well as certain political factors , tended to weaken the class alignment in the electorate as a whole and not only in the young ’ ( ibid .

Moreover , the whole history of aristocratic landownership showed that socially secure customary tenures , in the long run , had meant a loss of economic control by the landowner .
[also] , the whole history of aristocratic landownership showed that socially secure customary tenures , in the long run , had meant a loss of economic control by the landowner .

Moreover , many of the conquests of the eighteenth century were not to be maintained .
[also] , many of the conquests of the eighteenth century were not to be maintained .

Moreover , the Regular Orders , with some exceptions , were in full organizational and intellectual decadence .
[also] , the regular orders , with some exceptions , were in full organizational and intellectual decadence .

Moreover , they were the heirs of the regalists ' campaign against mortmain and the political economists ' attacks on the entailed mayorazgos .
[also] , they were the heirs of the regalists ' campaign against mortmain and the political economists ' attacks on the entailed mayorazgos .

No one had a duty to plunge his country into a hopeless struggle which would , moreover , involve a dangerous appeal to the people against the only legal government that existed .
no one had a duty to plunge his country into a hopeless struggle which would , [also] , involve a dangerous appeal to the people against the only legal government that existed .

Moreover , in the following decades pressure on the land was constantly increased by explosive population growth .
[also] , in the following decades pressure on the land was constantly increased by explosive population growth .

Moreover , large-scale manufacture tended to be concentrated in a few industrial areas , of which St Petersburg , Moscow , and the major cities of Poland , the Ukraine and the South were the most significant , and the plants themselves tended to be markedly larger than in the West .
[also] , large-scale manufacture tended to be concentrated in a few industrial areas , of which st petersburg , moscow , and the major cities of poland , the ukraine and the south were the most significant , and the plants themselves tended to be markedly larger than in the west .

Moreover , the threat of social upheaval increased the anxiety of the government 's more moderate critics to see the restoration of order .
[also] , the threat of social upheaval increased the anxiety of the government 's more moderate critics to see the restoration of order .

Moreover , the powers entrusted to the legislature under the Duma Statute and Fundamental Laws issued in 1906 were severely limited .
[also] , the powers entrusted to the legislature under the duma statute and fundamental laws issued in 1906 were severely limited .

Moreover , the war intensified factional disputes as socialists divided between ‘ defencists ’ who were prepared to support the war effort and ‘ internationalists ’ , among whom Lenin was most uncompromising , who condemned it .
[also] , the war intensified factional disputes as socialists divided between ‘ defencists ’ who were prepared to support the war effort and ‘ internationalists ’ , among whom lenin was most uncompromising , who condemned it .

Moreover , the direct dependence of the war effort upon industrial output rendered workers ' resort to the strike weapon even more devastating than in peacetime , and from the summer of 1915 there was a resurgence of industrial stoppages .
[also] , the direct dependence of the war effort upon industrial output rendered workers ' resort to the strike weapon even more devastating than in peacetime , and from the summer of 1915 there was a resurgence of industrial stoppages .

Moreover , there was an upsurge in nationalist agitation : demands for varying degrees of autonomy were made by minorities from the Baltic to the Caucasus .
[also] , there was an upsurge in nationalist agitation : demands for varying degrees of autonomy were made by minorities from the baltic to the caucasus .

Moreover , these collections became increasingly scholarly .
[also] , these collections became increasingly scholarly .

Moreover , even if the existence of distinct social classes is conceded , their ‘ objective interests ’ , by which Soviet historians set so much store , are far from self-evident .
[also] , even if the existence of distinct social classes is conceded , their ‘ objective interests ’ , by which soviet historians set so much store , are far from self-evident .

Moreover , since there is no irreducible kernel of class interest which in the last analysis guides all else , the ideas , the culture , the religion of a given society may well play a critical role in explaining social and political development .
[also] , since there is no irreducible kernel of class interest which in the last analysis guides all else , the ideas , the culture , the religion of a given society may well play a critical role in explaining social and political development .

Moreover , the channels were being opened for peaceful management-employer bargaining within the framework of a private enterprise economy .
[also] , the channels were being opened for peaceful management-employer bargaining within the framework of a private enterprise economy .

Moreover , in the aftermath of the 1905 revolution , the state order was becoming increasingly amenable to evolution along liberal-constitutional lines .
[also] , in the aftermath of the 1905 revolution , the state order was becoming increasingly amenable to evolution along liberal-constitutional lines .

Moreover , after relative tranquillity between 1907 and 1910 , the number of disturbances appears to have risen abruptly in the last years before the war .
[also] , after relative tranquillity between 1907 and 1910 , the number of disturbances appears to have risen abruptly in the last years before the war .

Moreover , it was improvements in peasant husbandry that were primarily responsible for the growth .
[also] , it was improvements in peasant husbandry that were primarily responsible for the growth .

Moreover , it was only on the periphery of the Empire — in the West , the South and the South East — that the reform made any significant headway at all .
[also] , it was only on the periphery of the empire — in the west , the south and the south east — that the reform made any significant headway at all .

Moreover , peasant land hunger grew ever more acute as the population swelled .
[also] , peasant land hunger grew ever more acute as the population swelled .

Moreover in many areas the assault upon the nobility was led by middle peasants whose family farms were anything but capitalist .
[also] in many areas the assault upon the nobility was led by middle peasants whose family farms were anything but capitalist .

Moreover , the section of the work-force most given to strike action showed every sign of increasing its weight both in relative and absolute terms .
[also] , the section of the work-force most given to strike action showed every sign of increasing its weight both in relative and absolute terms .

Moreover , the immediate pre-war period saw clear signs that in the factional struggle among Social Democrats it was the more extreme Bolsheviks and Interdistrict faction , rather than the more moderate Mensheviks , who were gaining ground .
[also] , the immediate pre-war period saw clear signs that in the factional struggle among social democrats it was the more extreme bolsheviks and interdistrict faction , rather than the more moderate mensheviks , who were gaining ground .

Moreover , the particularly sharp curves of the Russian business cycle induced intense job insecurity , and correspondingly sharp fluctuations in wage levels .
[also] , the particularly sharp curves of the russian business cycle induced intense job insecurity , and correspondingly sharp fluctuations in wage levels .

Moreover , the fact that they had a stake in the village — a piece of land , an extended family network — on which to fall back tended to retard their involvement in urban protest : they had less motive to endure the risks of industrial action than those whose future lay exclusively in the city .
[also] , the fact that they had a stake in the village — a piece of land , an extended family network — on which to fall back tended to retard their involvement in urban protest : they had less motive to endure the risks of industrial action than those whose future lay exclusively in the city .

Moreover , their ability to make sense of the workers ' predicament and articulate their grievances played an important part in mobilizing less sophisticated ranks .
[also] , their ability to make sense of the workers ' predicament and articulate their grievances played an important part in mobilizing less sophisticated ranks .

Moreover , working-class political parties remained illegal to the end , and in the elections to the Fourth Duma in 1912 , workers were represented by a mere 13 deputies out of a total of 415 .
[also] , working-class political parties remained illegal to the end , and in the elections to the fourth duma in 1912 , workers were represented by a mere 13 deputies out of a total of 415 .

Moreover , the sequel to the war was not the ready integration of the western working class into parliamentary democracy but revolutionary upheaval in much of central Europe and the emergence of mass Communist parties to rival the socialists in most developed countries on the continent .
[also] , the sequel to the war was not the ready integration of the western working class into parliamentary democracy but revolutionary upheaval in much of central europe and the emergence of mass communist parties to rival the socialists in most developed countries on the continent .

Moreover , in most respects the pattern of growth was not far out of line with that of early industrialization in western industrialized countries .
[also] , in most respects the pattern of growth was not far out of line with that of early industrialization in western industrialized countries .

Moreover , under the shadow of the great metallurgical and textile factories , small-scale enterprise and handicraft production grew at a pace comparable to that of heavy industry .
[also] , under the shadow of the great metallurgical and textile factories , small-scale enterprise and handicraft production grew at a pace comparable to that of heavy industry .

Moreover , after 1905 the press was increasingly adept at escaping censorship , and it became more assertive .
[also] , after 1905 the press was increasingly adept at escaping censorship , and it became more assertive .

Moreover , both parties found it impossible to sustain widespread interest in political organization .
[also] , both parties found it impossible to sustain widespread interest in political organization .

Moreover , although sophisticated and assertive entrepreneurial groups emerged in all the major industrial areas , their dynamism stood out in sharp contrast to the conservatism and traditionalism prevalent among petty merchants and manufacturers .
[also] , although sophisticated and assertive entrepreneurial groups emerged in all the major industrial areas , their dynamism stood out in sharp contrast to the conservatism and traditionalism prevalent among petty merchants and manufacturers .

Moreover , it was precisely his determination to uphold the status quo which had led the Tsar to frustrate Stolypin , undermine the authority of the premiership and dismantle collective cabinet responsibility .
[also] , it was precisely his determination to uphold the status quo which had led the tsar to frustrate stolypin , undermine the authority of the premiership and dismantle collective cabinet responsibility .

Moreover , both the War Ministry and a growing number of officers were increasingly conscious and resentful of the damage to morale and efficiency caused by use of the army for internal ‘ policing ’ duties .
[also] , both the war ministry and a growing number of officers were increasingly conscious and resentful of the damage to morale and efficiency caused by use of the army for internal ‘ policing ’ duties .

Moreover , in 1914 the Empire had no urgent territorial claims and there was no direct threat to her territorial integrity .
[also] , in 1914 the empire had no urgent territorial claims and there was no direct threat to her territorial integrity .

Moreover , although the Marxists had more success than the populists in creating links with their chosen constituency , those links remained extremely tenuous .
[also] , although the marxists had more success than the populists in creating links with their chosen constituency , those links remained extremely tenuous .

Moreover , the version of Marxism they imbibed — dominant throughout European Social Democracy by the late nineteenth century — placed ‘ the theory of productive forces ’ and the question of property relations at its centre .
[also] , the version of marxism they imbibed — dominant throughout european social democracy by the late nineteenth century — placed ‘ the theory of productive forces ’ and the question of property relations at its centre .

Moreover , the sources available are patchy and uneven .
[also] , the sources available are patchy and uneven .

Moreover , the revolutionaries were anchored to Russia by sheer necessity .
[also] , the revolutionaries were anchored to russia by sheer necessity .

Moreover , revisionist work on the underground has demonstrated that the supposed conflict between politically-orientated intelligenty and economically-motivated workers has been much exaggerated .
[also] , revisionist work on the underground has demonstrated that the supposed conflict between politically-orientated intelligenty and economically-motivated workers has been much exaggerated .

Moreover , it was an outstanding financial success .
[also] , it was an outstanding financial success .

On the point of being injected with a Phobian viper venom , moreover .
on the point of being injected with a phobian viper venom , [also] .

Moreover , ‘ due process ’ in the form of effective legal safeguards against wrongful conviction was all but absent in the criminal justice system of the time , and even the laws which defined which actions were criminal were vague and extremely wide .
[also] , ‘ due process ’ in the form of effective legal safeguards against wrongful conviction was all but absent in the criminal justice system of the time , and even the laws which defined which actions were criminal were vague and extremely wide .

Moreover , this was a new form of imprisonment whose aims were not confined to con-taining offenders for a period and deterring the populace from crime .
[also] , this was a new form of imprisonment whose aims were not confined to con-taining offenders for a period and deterring the populace from crime .

Moreover , ‘ if a slave economy finds the supply of slaves meagre and the demand pressing ’ it will be likely to introduce penal slavery .
[also] , ‘ if a slave economy finds the supply of slaves meagre and the demand pressing ’ it will be likely to introduce penal slavery .

Moreover there is also a strong possibility that in some of these cases at least , the outcome of the trial itself , and ultimately the choice of sentence may be affected by earlier remand decisions .
[also] there is also a strong possibility that in some of these cases at least , the outcome of the trial itself , and ultimately the choice of sentence may be affected by earlier remand decisions .

Moreover , the resulting upward pressure on prison numbers is further reinforced by a parallel trend in relation to the use of custodial remands for those who are committed .
[also] , the resulting upward pressure on prison numbers is further reinforced by a parallel trend in relation to the use of custodial remands for those who are committed .

Moreover the tendency during the present century has been to create broadly defined criminal offences ( such as theft ) , with a sufficiently generous maximum to cater for the worst contingency .
[also] the tendency during the present century has been to create broadly defined criminal offences ( such as theft ) , with a sufficiently generous maximum to cater for the worst contingency .

Moreover , these variations were found not to be fully explained by differences in either the kind of offences with which each court had to deal , or the offenders coming before them .
[also] , these variations were found not to be fully explained by differences in either the kind of offences with which each court had to deal , or the offenders coming before them .

Moreover , section 29 ( 1 ) directs that an offence should not be regarded as more serious because of an offender 's previous record or failure to respond to previous sentences .
[also] , section 29 ( 1 ) directs that an offence should not be regarded as more serious because of an offender 's previous record or failure to respond to previous sentences .

The Sublime Porte will grant the Servians , on their petition , the same privileges which her subjects in the Islands of the Archipelago , and in other parts , enjoy ; and will moreover confer upon them a mark of her generosity , by leaving the administration of their internal affairs to themselves — by imposing upon them moderate taxes , and receiving them only direct from them and by making the regulation requisite to this end in an understanding with the Servian nation themselves .
the sublime porte will grant the servians , on their petition , the same privileges which her subjects in the islands of the archipelago , and in other parts , enjoy ; and will [also] confer upon them a mark of her generosity , by leaving the administration of their internal affairs to themselves — by imposing upon them moderate taxes , and receiving them only direct from them and by making the regulation requisite to this end in an understanding with the servian nation themselves .

He was , moreover , an extremely wealthy young man who thought nothing of taking a string of polo ponies wherever he went .
he was , [also] , an extremely wealthy young man who thought nothing of taking a string of polo ponies wherever he went .

Moreover , having read between the lines of Wendell Harvey 's letters to her husband , she was certain that Harry and the Harvey girl were going to make a match of it .
[also] , having read between the lines of wendell harvey 's letters to her husband , she was certain that harry and the harvey girl were going to make a match of it .

Moreover , how could he be sure Sir Philip would disregard his illegitimacy , as Madeleine appeared to do ?
[also] , how could he be sure sir philip would disregard his illegitimacy , as madeleine appeared to do ?

However , before she herself was dismissed so that Dorothy could rest , her sister extracted a promise from her that she would set about finding out the boy 's address and , moreover , that Cynthia would contact her own solicitor and have him draw up a new will making Dorothy 's son her sole beneficiary .
however , before she herself was dismissed so that dorothy could rest , her sister extracted a promise from her that she would set about finding out the boy 's address and , [also] , that cynthia would contact her own solicitor and have him draw up a new will making dorothy 's son her sole beneficiary .

Moreover , an occupier may be liable if he deliberately causes the escape of things naturally on his land .
[also] , an occupier may be liable if he deliberately causes the escape of things naturally on his land .

Moreover , it has been argued that he ought to be responsible for guests or licensees on his land .
[also] , it has been argued that he ought to be responsible for guests or licensees on his land .

Moreover , in determining what is extraordinary or unreasonable the courts can have regard not only to the interests of the defendant but to the public interest as well .
[also] , in determining what is extraordinary or unreasonable the courts can have regard not only to the interests of the defendant but to the public interest as well .

Moreover , as a result of the defences of act of God , act of a third party and statutory authority , the courts must investigate not only the reasonableness of the accumulation , but also the defendant 's responsibility for its actual escape .
[also] , as a result of the defences of act of god , act of a third party and statutory authority , the courts must investigate not only the reasonableness of the accumulation , but also the defendant 's responsibility for its actual escape .

Moreover , to see policies as having objectives may involve confusing the character of the policies with the motives and purposes of the people who advocate , adopt and implement them .
[also] , to see policies as having objectives may involve confusing the character of the policies with the motives and purposes of the people who advocate , adopt and implement them .

Moreover , the two extreme interpretations of the origins of social policies that have been mentioned do not exhaust the range of possibilities .
[also] , the two extreme interpretations of the origins of social policies that have been mentioned do not exhaust the range of possibilities .

Research findings suggest , moreover , that the people most likely to change their votes — the floating voters — are generally the least informed within the electorate , and are thus not people who can be said to be making careful choices between policies .
research findings suggest , [also] , that the people most likely to change their votes — the floating voters — are generally the least informed within the electorate , and are thus not people who can be said to be making careful choices between policies .

Other survey evidence suggests , moreover , that a majority of the population has little sympathy towards those most in need of help from the welfare state .
other survey evidence suggests , [also] , that a majority of the population has little sympathy towards those most in need of help from the welfare state .

Some , moreover , will have their roots in changes in the world upon which existing policies operate , changes that are making those policies unsuccessful or irrelevant .
some , [also] , will have their roots in changes in the world upon which existing policies operate , changes that are making those policies unsuccessful or irrelevant .

Moreover the housing authorities , of course , have a significant interest in land prices , and have planning responsibilities to relate housing activities to other kinds of development in their areas .
[also] the housing authorities , of course , have a significant interest in land prices , and have planning responsibilities to relate housing activities to other kinds of development in their areas .

Moreover , when they do occur they are more often allowed to operate in territories ( in both a spatial and a policy sense ) in which others ' intervention is limited .
[also] , when they do occur they are more often allowed to operate in territories ( in both a spatial and a policy sense ) in which others ' intervention is limited .

Moreover it has been suggested earlier that one important issue for social policy that arises in relationship between public authorities and private agencies is that the latter may be the instruments by which government executes policy .
[also] it has been suggested earlier that one important issue for social policy that arises in relationship between public authorities and private agencies is that the latter may be the instruments by which government executes policy .

Moreover , it suggested that foster parents who had had the care of a child for five years or more should be able to apply for an adoption order without risk of removal by parents before a hearing .
[also] , it suggested that foster parents who had had the care of a child for five years or more should be able to apply for an adoption order without risk of removal by parents before a hearing .

Moreover , major advances were made in training child care staff both for residential work and for the fieldwork of finding substitute homes , supervising fostering and keeping contact with parents .
[also] , major advances were made in training child care staff both for residential work and for the fieldwork of finding substitute homes , supervising fostering and keeping contact with parents .

Moreover , there was some evidence of a feeling in the country that the state must not too readily take on the care of children lest it undermine the responsibilities of parents .
[also] , there was some evidence of a feeling in the country that the state must not too readily take on the care of children lest it undermine the responsibilities of parents .

Moreover , growing old often involves very considerable adjustments for the individual , who has to accept increasing physical dependency and consequent loss of autonomy and status .
[also] , growing old often involves very considerable adjustments for the individual , who has to accept increasing physical dependency and consequent loss of autonomy and status .

Moreover , despite the importance of professional social care , it is families who still play the major part in meeting the social , emotional and general physical needs of the dependent old .
[also] , despite the importance of professional social care , it is families who still play the major part in meeting the social , emotional and general physical needs of the dependent old .

Moreover , disability can itself make extra demands on financial resources because the disabled need extra care and special services .
[also] , disability can itself make extra demands on financial resources because the disabled need extra care and special services .

Moreover , their vast size , around 2,000 patients in many instances , together with their past custodial traditions , tended to produce a form of organization that was rigid and hierarchical and threatening to the patient .
[also] , their vast size , around 2,000 patients in many instances , together with their past custodial traditions , tended to produce a form of organization that was rigid and hierarchical and threatening to the patient .

Moreover , it means a greater proportion of national income is in the hands of public officials , and care has to be taken to ensure that it is used well .
[also] , it means a greater proportion of national income is in the hands of public officials , and care has to be taken to ensure that it is used well .

Moreover , the undoubted problems of the British economy need to be explained by other factors ranging from obsolete management and union practices within British industry to the complex influences of patterns of world trade and rising oil prices .
[also] , the undoubted problems of the british economy need to be explained by other factors ranging from obsolete management and union practices within british industry to the complex influences of patterns of world trade and rising oil prices .

Moreover , the bare facts about costs , cuts and cash limits need to be seen in the context of the larger ideological debate on the role of welfare which will be discussed in the final chapter on problems of policy in the social services .
[also] , the bare facts about costs , cuts and cash limits need to be seen in the context of the larger ideological debate on the role of welfare which will be discussed in the final chapter on problems of policy in the social services .

Moreover , in many instances major Acts follow the recommendations of the reports of Royal Commissions or interdepartmental working parties and so forth , which try to discover the facts about a particular problem and seek advice and opinion from all the people concerned .
[also] , in many instances major acts follow the recommendations of the reports of royal commissions or interdepartmental working parties and so forth , which try to discover the facts about a particular problem and seek advice and opinion from all the people concerned .

Moreover , the incidence and mortality of prostate cancer are increasing faster than can be attributed simply to the increasing age of the population .
[also] , the incidence and mortality of prostate cancer are increasing faster than can be attributed simply to the increasing age of the population .

Moreover , part-time workers , the majority of whom are women , are doubly disadvantaged .
[also] , part-time workers , the majority of whom are women , are doubly disadvantaged .

Moreover , these disparities in earnings increase with age over the lifetime , varying according to occupation ( see Heather Joshi 's chapter here ) .
[also] , these disparities in earnings increase with age over the lifetime , varying according to occupation ( see heather joshi 's chapter here ) .

Moreover , as suggested earlier , these figures under-represent the number of unemployed women , rendering their unemployment invisible .
[also] , as suggested earlier , these figures under-represent the number of unemployed women , rendering their unemployment invisible .

Moreover , as Cragg and Dawson ( 1984 , p. 43 ) found , there was no significant correlation between registration and success in finding employment .
[also] , as cragg and dawson ( 1984 , p. 43 ) found , there was no significant correlation between registration and success in finding employment .

Moreover , housework was a highly privatised activity which was not as well regarded and was much less interesting than paid employment .
[also] , housework was a highly privatised activity which was not as well regarded and was much less interesting than paid employment .

Moreover , public expenditure restraints during the 1980s in particular have helped to turn the rhetoric of care by the community into de facto reality , as support services such as home helps and nursing auxiliaries have been reduced or withdrawn — a theme developed by Hilary Land in her chapter here on the demise of the social wage .
[also] , public expenditure restraints during the 1980s in particular have helped to turn the rhetoric of care by the community into de facto reality , as support services such as home helps and nursing auxiliaries have been reduced or withdrawn — a theme developed by hilary land in her chapter here on the demise of the social wage .

Moreover , among those who are involved in caring , women are more likely to be heavily involved and to undertake activities which are arguably more demanding and unremitting .
[also] , among those who are involved in caring , women are more likely to be heavily involved and to undertake activities which are arguably more demanding and unremitting .

Moreover , the ambiguous meaning of ‘ caring ’ , especially the unarticulated elision of ‘ caring for ’ with ‘ caring about ’ , adds important emotional overtones to these tasks : ‘ the dominant cultural perception of caring sees it as involving essentially female qualities ’ ( Baldwin and Twigg , 1991 , p. 123 ) .
[also] , the ambiguous meaning of ‘ caring ’ , especially the unarticulated elision of ‘ caring for ’ with ‘ caring about ’ , adds important emotional overtones to these tasks : ‘ the dominant cultural perception of caring sees it as involving essentially female qualities ’ ( baldwin and twigg , 1991 , p. 123 ) .

Moreover , as with studies of resource allocation and budgeting in households containing young children ( Graham , 1987a , 1987b ; Craig and Glendinning , 1990a ) , research has begun to uncover the unequal ways in which these pressures are experienced within care-giving households , with carers lowering their own standards of living in order to safeguard the needs of the person receiving care .
[also] , as with studies of resource allocation and budgeting in households containing young children ( graham , 1987a , 1987b ; craig and glendinning , 1990a ) , research has begun to uncover the unequal ways in which these pressures are experienced within care-giving households , with carers lowering their own standards of living in order to safeguard the needs of the person receiving care .

Moreover , this pattern of poverty and financial insecurity among older women is common to all patriarchally organised societies , both developed and underdeveloped ( Storey-Gibson , 1985 ) .
[also] , this pattern of poverty and financial insecurity among older women is common to all patriarchally organised societies , both developed and underdeveloped ( storey-gibson , 1985 ) .

Moreover , the more severe the disability , the higher the disability-related costs that are incurred and , therefore , those with the more severe disabilities are more likely to suffer financial hardship than those with less severe disabilities .
[also] , the more severe the disability , the higher the disability-related costs that are incurred and , therefore , those with the more severe disabilities are more likely to suffer financial hardship than those with less severe disabilities .

Moreover , this account has demonstrated that social policies themselves reflect the paternalistic assumptions embedded in capitalist relations .
[also] , this account has demonstrated that social policies themselves reflect the paternalistic assumptions embedded in capitalist relations .

Thus , rather than an additional source of money , the Social Fund represents an additional fixed cost and one , moreover , which is repaid by direct deductions from benefit .
thus , rather than an additional source of money , the social fund represents an additional fixed cost and one , [also] , which is repaid by direct deductions from benefit .

Moreover , the selective value of the mutation was showed to be non-significant ( 1 ) .
[also] , the selective value of the mutation was showed to be non-significant ( 1 ) .

Moreover , the enzymatic cofactors that need to be added in vitro are in many cases not known and tRNA-substrates that specifically lack the nucleoside modification of interest are scarce ( 5–8 ) .
[also] , the enzymatic cofactors that need to be added in vitro are in many cases not known and trna-substrates that specifically lack the nucleoside modification of interest are scarce ( 5–8 ) .

Moreover , many of the party were deeply concerned at the idea of Bodyline being employed in English county cricket on their return home .
[also] , many of the party were deeply concerned at the idea of bodyline being employed in english county cricket on their return home .

Moreover , it seemed ironic that South Africa 's reimmersion in the Test arena should be marred by such a local show of disaffection , a boycott naive and myopic in concept and of no relevance to racial reform in the Republic , which may yet have repercussions in the Caribbean game as a whole .
[also] , it seemed ironic that south africa 's reimmersion in the test arena should be marred by such a local show of disaffection , a boycott naive and myopic in concept and of no relevance to racial reform in the republic , which may yet have repercussions in the caribbean game as a whole .

The study , moreover , replicates the finding by Kentish et al that the only item of information which is found consistently in referral letters is a description of the presenting symptoms .
the study , [also] , replicates the finding by kentish et al that the only item of information which is found consistently in referral letters is a description of the presenting symptoms .

Moreover , no obvious hirsutism was present in any of the women .
[also] , no obvious hirsutism was present in any of the women .

Moreover , recognising the desirability of combining health education with other measures , it is centred on the notion of the health promoting school .
[also] , recognising the desirability of combining health education with other measures , it is centred on the notion of the health promoting school .

Moreover , they may themselves affect neonatal behaviour and interaction between the mother and her infant .
[also] , they may themselves affect neonatal behaviour and interaction between the mother and her infant .

( Whether his mother 's percentage differs from his raises tricky statistical questions since Mozart 's correspondence is not homogeneous , due to the cluster of scatological Bäsle letters ; moreover in the English edition of the Mozart letters Emily Anderson includes only family letters written during Mozart 's lifetime — that is , a biased sample . )
( whether his mother 's percentage differs from his raises tricky statistical questions since mozart 's correspondence is not homogeneous , due to the cluster of scatological bäsle letters ; [also] in the english edition of the mozart letters emily anderson includes only family letters written during mozart 's lifetime — that is , a biased sample . )

Moreover Schlichtegroll 's Nekrolog mentions neither tics nor inveterate habits .
[also] schlichtegroll 's nekrolog mentions neither tics nor inveterate habits .

Moreover , the effect occurred in the early post-mixing period and mainly in the 0–4 age group , in keeping with findings in rural new towns in their early growth period .
[also] , the effect occurred in the early post-mixing period and mainly in the 0–4 age group , in keeping with findings in rural new towns in their early growth period .

Moreover , several different approaches have been found to be effective , including all day clinics , nurse coordinated care , and miniclinics .
[also] , several different approaches have been found to be effective , including all day clinics , nurse coordinated care , and miniclinics .

Moreover , general practitioners may also be asked to see patients specifically to help social workers ' assessment procedures , and many fear that such consultations will overwork and underpay them .
[also] , general practitioners may also be asked to see patients specifically to help social workers ' assessment procedures , and many fear that such consultations will overwork and underpay them .

Moreover , ‘ if a person has been assessed by a general practitioner or a nurse for health reasons and they have identified social needs at the same time then we are committed to accepting that assessment , ’ said Stephenson .
[also] , ‘ if a person has been assessed by a general practitioner or a nurse for health reasons and they have identified social needs at the same time then we are committed to accepting that assessment , ’ said stephenson .

Moreover , within the Brompton study data , it is particularly difficult to interpret the regression coefficients ( which are adjusted for concurrent weight throughout ) in the youngest age groups .
[also] , within the brompton study data , it is particularly difficult to interpret the regression coefficients ( which are adjusted for concurrent weight throughout ) in the youngest age groups .

Moreover , death is just ‘ the tip of the iceberg , ’ the most severe form of disease but a delayed and infrequent manifestation .
[also] , death is just ‘ the tip of the iceberg , ’ the most severe form of disease but a delayed and infrequent manifestation .

Yet in Greek philosophy , it appears , these two senses of to be were not always very clearly distinguished from each other , and sometimes moreover there was a strong tendency to amalgamate them in a single concept . ``
yet in greek philosophy , it appears , these two senses of to be were not always very clearly distinguished from each other , and sometimes [also] there was a strong tendency to amalgamate them in a single concept . ``

The reductivist position , as we saw , was that such predicates were not only eliminable , but that moreover their elimination was a philosophical desideratum and a vital step towards a logically purified language .
the reductivist position , as we saw , was that such predicates were not only eliminable , but that [also] their elimination was a philosophical desideratum and a vital step towards a logically purified language .

It reveals that man is essentially cast in the mode of being-in-the-world , and moreover that the world itself can be made sense of only in the context of man 's own `` projects `` .
it reveals that man is essentially cast in the mode of being-in-the-world , and [also] that the world itself can be made sense of only in the context of man 's own `` projects `` .

It is moreover true that names are often deliberately chosen for their descriptive content .
it is [also] true that names are often deliberately chosen for their descriptive content .

Moreover they remain meaningful irrespective of whether Jones has read or even heard of Tolstoy .
[also] they remain meaningful irrespective of whether jones has read or even heard of tolstoy .

Moreover , the fact that experience of objects is to be had only under the form of space and time ensures the applicability of mathematics to the whole or the phenomenal ( and hence physical ) world .
[also] , the fact that experience of objects is to be had only under the form of space and time ensures the applicability of mathematics to the whole or the phenomenal ( and hence physical ) world .

The only `` properties `` that numbers can have are `` relational properties `` , and are moreover such as presuppose a basic parity in logical status as between related terms ( which distinguishes them , among others , from the so-called `` mental `` relations ) .
the only `` properties `` that numbers can have are `` relational properties `` , and are [also] such as presuppose a basic parity in logical status as between related terms ( which distinguishes them , among others , from the so-called `` mental `` relations ) .

Moreover researchers have found that internal inconsistencies in hospital case notes are common , especially in children with a low birth weight .
[also] researchers have found that internal inconsistencies in hospital case notes are common , especially in children with a low birth weight .

Moreover , while there are good reasons for concern about the availability of services for ‘ revolving door patients ’ during the run down of the old psychiatric hospitals and while doubts remain over the capacity of district general hospital units to provide appropriate care to people in crisis , the relocation of the long stay population of psychiatric hospitals is achieving some successful results .
[also] , while there are good reasons for concern about the availability of services for ‘ revolving door patients ’ during the run down of the old psychiatric hospitals and while doubts remain over the capacity of district general hospital units to provide appropriate care to people in crisis , the relocation of the long stay population of psychiatric hospitals is achieving some successful results .

Moreover , the use of larger , heavier machinery necessitates the removal of obstacles , such as burial mounds and ancient field boundaries , to improve efficiency .
[also] , the use of larger , heavier machinery necessitates the removal of obstacles , such as burial mounds and ancient field boundaries , to improve efficiency .

Moreover Bacon 's anti-humanism and emphasis on despair threw into question the very basis of Minton 's art .
[also] bacon 's anti-humanism and emphasis on despair threw into question the very basis of minton 's art .

Moreover , some attempts to adapt the National Curriculum to meet the needs of children who experience difficulties in learning render the system even more rigid .
[also] , some attempts to adapt the national curriculum to meet the needs of children who experience difficulties in learning render the system even more rigid .

Moreover , the conditions for effective individual support are often not met : support teachers can find themselves supporting unsatisfactory lessons .
[also] , the conditions for effective individual support are often not met : support teachers can find themselves supporting unsatisfactory lessons .

In the previous section , we sought to show that the black population suffers from a series of multiple disadvantages and is often , moreover , heavily geographically concentrated in inner-city areas . As Smith ( 1977 , p. 292 ) , says :
in the previous section , we sought to show that the black population suffers from a series of multiple disadvantages and is often , [also] , heavily geographically concentrated in inner-city areas . as smith ( 1977 , p. 292 ) , says :

Moreover , ventilation is impeded by the bad , confused method of building of the whole quarter , and since many human beings here live crowded into a small space , the atmosphere that prevails in these working-men 's quarters may readily be imagined .
[also] , ventilation is impeded by the bad , confused method of building of the whole quarter , and since many human beings here live crowded into a small space , the atmosphere that prevails in these working-men 's quarters may readily be imagined .

Moreover , the ( olde ) English village is a relatively recent creation , resulting from the eighteenth-century enclosure movement and improvements in agriculture .
[also] , the ( olde ) english village is a relatively recent creation , resulting from the eighteenth-century enclosure movement and improvements in agriculture .

Moreover , even these poor areas do , in fact , contain substantial numbers of moderately affluent people .
[also] , even these poor areas do , in fact , contain substantial numbers of moderately affluent people .

Moreover , this struggle was not simply determined by the market .
[also] , this struggle was not simply determined by the market .

In 1286 and 1290 , moreover , Pecham had no doubt been further reassured by the two statutes of Circumspecte agatis and Consultation , which respectively defined some boundaries of jurisdiction and allowed ecclesiastical courts to proceed where writs of prohibition had been inappropriately obtained .
in 1286 and 1290 , [also] , pecham had no doubt been further reassured by the two statutes of circumspecte agatis and consultation , which respectively defined some boundaries of jurisdiction and allowed ecclesiastical courts to proceed where writs of prohibition had been inappropriately obtained .

Moreover , from 1279 and with the active encouragement of Archbishop Pecham and his successor , Winchelsey , crown aid was invoked against clergy who were excommunicated for failing to pay clerical taxes .
[also] , from 1279 and with the active encouragement of archbishop pecham and his successor , winchelsey , crown aid was invoked against clergy who were excommunicated for failing to pay clerical taxes .

Yet Pecham had already retreated before Mortmain was promulgated and in that very parliament ; moreover , as we have seen , he was to resume his attack on royal writs after it .
yet pecham had already retreated before mortmain was promulgated and in that very parliament ; [also] , as we have seen , he was to resume his attack on royal writs after it .

Moreover , useful as the clergy 's and particularly Winchelsey 's aid was to the magnates in the summer of 1297 , the laity had been encouraged to think that the clergy , especially because they did not fight , should bear a significant share of the financial costs of defence .
[also] , useful as the clergy 's and particularly winchelsey 's aid was to the magnates in the summer of 1297 , the laity had been encouraged to think that the clergy , especially because they did not fight , should bear a significant share of the financial costs of defence .

Stratford , a royal diplomat , had been provided to Winchester in 1323 against the wishes of the king and paid a heavy penalty for it : his temporalities were seized and exploited for a year , and even after they were restored Stratford was placed under recognizances of £10,000 to the king ( £2000 down and the rest conditional upon his good conduct ) , £1000 to the Despensers , and 1000 marks to the chancellor , Robert Baldock , a clerk for whom Edward had intended the bishopric ; moreover , Stratford was summoned to answer in the King 's Bench for his conduct of a royal mission to the papacy .
stratford , a royal diplomat , had been provided to winchester in 1323 against the wishes of the king and paid a heavy penalty for it : his temporalities were seized and exploited for a year , and even after they were restored stratford was placed under recognizances of £10,000 to the king ( £2000 down and the rest conditional upon his good conduct ) , £1000 to the despensers , and 1000 marks to the chancellor , robert baldock , a clerk for whom edward had intended the bishopric ; [also] , stratford was summoned to answer in the king 's bench for his conduct of a royal mission to the papacy .

All clergy , moreover , who had an interest in wool production and sales were hurt by the manipulation of the wool market for the king 's profit .
all clergy , [also] , who had an interest in wool production and sales were hurt by the manipulation of the wool market for the king 's profit .

Moreover , the precise way of indicating respect for face may be culture specific , and not subject to direct translation .
[also] , the precise way of indicating respect for face may be culture specific , and not subject to direct translation .

Moreover , these activities are interactions between students , and as such may fail to alert them to the choice and ordering of information produced by native speakers .
[also] , these activities are interactions between students , and as such may fail to alert them to the choice and ordering of information produced by native speakers .

There are , moreover , infelicitous instances of any discourse type .
there are , [also] , infelicitous instances of any discourse type .

We all believe , moreover , that it is the acquisition of written language which has permitted the development within some of these cultures of philosophy , science and literature ( see Goody , 1977 ) .
we all believe , [also] , that it is the acquisition of written language which has permitted the development within some of these cultures of philosophy , science and literature ( see goody , 1977 ) .

The speaker must monitor what it is that he has just said , and determine whether it matches his intentions , while he is uttering his current phrase and monitoring that , and simultaneously planning his next utterance and fitting that into the overall pattern of what he wants to say and monitoring , moreover , not only his own performance but its reception by his hearer .
the speaker must monitor what it is that he has just said , and determine whether it matches his intentions , while he is uttering his current phrase and monitoring that , and simultaneously planning his next utterance and fitting that into the overall pattern of what he wants to say and monitoring , [also] , not only his own performance but its reception by his hearer .

Moreover the sequence of events will be understood as happening adjacently in time and situated adjacently in place .
[also] the sequence of events will be understood as happening adjacently in time and situated adjacently in place .

Moreover , the piece of data chosen for study can only be partially analysed .
[also] , the piece of data chosen for study can only be partially analysed .

Moreover , she noted that the further away they were , the faster they were going .
[also] , she noted that the further away they were , the faster they were going .

Moreover , section 2 of the Act of 1965 imposed a restraint on the power of the Secretary of State to release on licence a person convicted of murder , by providing that no such person should be released :
[also] , section 2 of the act of 1965 imposed a restraint on the power of the secretary of state to release on licence a person convicted of murder , by providing that no such person should be released :

Moreover , in the case of a prisoner who has been released on licence under section 61 , if his licence is revoked , he is entitled under section 62 ( 3 ) to make representations in writing with respect to his recall and to be informed of the reasons for it .
[also] , in the case of a prisoner who has been released on licence under section 61 , if his licence is revoked , he is entitled under section 62 ( 3 ) to make representations in writing with respect to his recall and to be informed of the reasons for it .

Moreover , in the present case , as Mr. Tecks submitted , the court is in my judgment entitled , in construing Schedule 4 to the Act of 1982 , which is dealing with jurisdictions within the United Kingdom , to take into account the fact that the United Kingdom has derogated from the Rome Convention by excluding article 10 ( 1 ) ( e ) from the law of the United Kingdom .
[also] , in the present case , as mr. tecks submitted , the court is in my judgment entitled , in construing schedule 4 to the act of 1982 , which is dealing with jurisdictions within the united kingdom , to take into account the fact that the united kingdom has derogated from the rome convention by excluding article 10 ( 1 ) ( e ) from the law of the united kingdom .

And it is , moreover , a different case from those in which disclosure of this class of document is generally sought .
and it is , [also] , a different case from those in which disclosure of this class of document is generally sought .

Moreover he argued before the judge that if any of these three sections applied to what was done by the respondent in the present case , the relevant one was section 3 and not section 1 .
[also] he argued before the judge that if any of these three sections applied to what was done by the respondent in the present case , the relevant one was section 3 and not section 1 .

Moreover , the covenant to perform on the part of the original lessee is merely a covenant to perform in so far as another party , similarly liable , has not performed or otherwise discharged the obligation .
[also] , the covenant to perform on the part of the original lessee is merely a covenant to perform in so far as another party , similarly liable , has not performed or otherwise discharged the obligation .

Moreover , the nationality requirements concerning the shareholders and directors of companies deprived those same foreign nationals of the right to set up , and act as directors of , companies in the sea fisheries sector in the United Kingdom .
[also] , the nationality requirements concerning the shareholders and directors of companies deprived those same foreign nationals of the right to set up , and act as directors of , companies in the sea fisheries sector in the united kingdom .

Moreover , the owners of fishing vessels could legitimately be regarded as part of the fisheries community which the Common Fisheries Policy was designed to support .
[also] , the owners of fishing vessels could legitimately be regarded as part of the fisheries community which the common fisheries policy was designed to support .

Moreover , the great majority of members of the fishing communities of the United Kingdom were either not affected by the Act at all or severely disadvantaged by it .
[also] , the great majority of members of the fishing communities of the united kingdom were either not affected by the act at all or severely disadvantaged by it .

Moreover , when the court accepted , in Reg .
[also] , when the court accepted , in reg .

It must , moreover , be noted that the only requirement which the court held to be justified under the quota system in Ex parte Jaderow Ltd. concerned precisely the operations of the vessels .
it must , [also] , be noted that the only requirement which the court held to be justified under the quota system in ex parte jaderow ltd. concerned precisely the operations of the vessels .

Moreover , the anomaly arises not from the word ‘ maladministration ’ but from the limitation that the complaint must be about action taken by the society .
[also] , the anomaly arises not from the word ‘ maladministration ’ but from the limitation that the complaint must be about action taken by the society .

They have , moreover , received significant support from an independent and experienced source in that they are supported by the Official Solicitor 's counsel Mr. Barda .
they have , [also] , received significant support from an independent and experienced source in that they are supported by the official solicitor 's counsel mr. barda .

Moreover , under section 11 and section 37 , a person aggrieved by a demand has a right of appeal against it and proceedings can not be brought until any appeal has been finally determined .
[also] , under section 11 and section 37 , a person aggrieved by a demand has a right of appeal against it and proceedings can not be brought until any appeal has been finally determined .

Moreover , it is clear that a verdict of death aggravated by the lack of care may be a ‘ free-standing ’ verdict .
[also] , it is clear that a verdict of death aggravated by the lack of care may be a ‘ free-standing ’ verdict .

Moreover , there is a statutory duty to investigate ‘ how ’ the death occurred .
[also] , there is a statutory duty to investigate ‘ how ’ the death occurred .

Moreover , it seems to me that a local authority is to be commended for a decision such as this , made in the light of the report of an independent person of the qualification and experience of a guardian ad litem .
[also] , it seems to me that a local authority is to be commended for a decision such as this , made in the light of the report of an independent person of the qualification and experience of a guardian ad litem .

Moreover , the single judge directed that an amicus curiae be appointed and Mr. Carlisle has appeared in that role .
[also] , the single judge directed that an amicus curiae be appointed and mr. carlisle has appeared in that role .

Moreover , the event seemed to me much more a paean to the Pahlavi family than to Iran .
[also] , the event seemed to me much more a paean to the pahlavi family than to iran .

Moreover , King Hassan was reported to be ambivalent about the Shah .
[also] , king hassan was reported to be ambivalent about the shah .

Moreover it can also be used to pinpoint any archaeological finds by giving accurate latitude and longitude positions .
[also] it can also be used to pinpoint any archaeological finds by giving accurate latitude and longitude positions .

They must not , moreover .
they must not , [also] .

He is both the unique bearer of the Spirit , and the unique dispenser of that Spirit to the disciples ; moreover , for ever afterwards the Spirit remains stamped with his character .
he is both the unique bearer of the spirit , and the unique dispenser of that spirit to the disciples ; [also] , for ever afterwards the spirit remains stamped with his character .

Moreover , the established theory always sits in a position of political and intellectual prominence as the mainstream perspective supposedly making sense of British politics as a whole .
[also] , the established theory always sits in a position of political and intellectual prominence as the mainstream perspective supposedly making sense of british politics as a whole .

Moreover , there are laws of constitutional significance , such as the various acts regulating the franchise and granting the vote , and the Parliament Act , 1949 which limits the capacity of the House of Lords to delay bills passed by the Commons to just 1 year .
[also] , there are laws of constitutional significance , such as the various acts regulating the franchise and granting the vote , and the parliament act , 1949 which limits the capacity of the house of lords to delay bills passed by the commons to just 1 year .

Moreover , there was the fear that if they secured the vote then they would destroy the delicate balance of the Constitution and much else besides .
[also] , there was the fear that if they secured the vote then they would destroy the delicate balance of the constitution and much else besides .

Moreover , although their constitutional and political position depended on their new relationship to `` the people `` they were not instructed delegates of their constituents any more than they were at the mercy of the party whips in the Commons .
[also] , although their constitutional and political position depended on their new relationship to `` the people `` they were not instructed delegates of their constituents any more than they were at the mercy of the party whips in the commons .

Moreover , there was nothing egalitarian about the set-up and there was no expectation that the state would do much and interfere extensively in the `` private `` sphere of power and economic arrangements : these were seen as best left to the unseen hand of `` impersonal `` market forces .
[also] , there was nothing egalitarian about the set-up and there was no expectation that the state would do much and interfere extensively in the `` private `` sphere of power and economic arrangements : these were seen as best left to the unseen hand of `` impersonal `` market forces .

Moreover , in a situation in which party organises the Commons , power over the party is also power over Parliament .
[also] , in a situation in which party organises the commons , power over the party is also power over parliament .

Moreover , the secrecy that bedevils British government is of such a kind that it is hard to discover the truth on matters of state power .
[also] , the secrecy that bedevils british government is of such a kind that it is hard to discover the truth on matters of state power .

Moreover , over time , the manifestos have tended to become longer and more specific .
[also] , over time , the manifestos have tended to become longer and more specific .

Moreover , on the academic front , the detailed empirical study of electoral behaviour through sample surveys has come into its own so that we now have a great deal more information on which to explore the hopes and fears of those who took sides on the issue of democracy at the same time as we are provided with information to check out the reality of key elements of the responsible party model in Britain .
[also] , on the academic front , the detailed empirical study of electoral behaviour through sample surveys has come into its own so that we now have a great deal more information on which to explore the hopes and fears of those who took sides on the issue of democracy at the same time as we are provided with information to check out the reality of key elements of the responsible party model in britain .

Moreover , the `` floating `` voters — those who were not in total agreement with any party — would stand above the party battle and would carefully assess the rival policy packages on offer before casting an informed vote , affecting the swing , and determining which party would form the next government .
[also] , the `` floating `` voters — those who were not in total agreement with any party — would stand above the party battle and would carefully assess the rival policy packages on offer before casting an informed vote , affecting the swing , and determining which party would form the next government .

Moreover , some studies suggested that the crucial floating voters were not characterised by a high degree of interest , involvement , and knowledge , but by ignorance and indifference , and they were less involved in following the election campaign than were those who were keenly attached to a party .
[also] , some studies suggested that the crucial floating voters were not characterised by a high degree of interest , involvement , and knowledge , but by ignorance and indifference , and they were less involved in following the election campaign than were those who were keenly attached to a party .

Moreover , and to add insult to injury , these off-centre policies are never supported by a clear majority of the electorate .
[also] , and to add insult to injury , these off-centre policies are never supported by a clear majority of the electorate .

Moreover , this pattern will be reinforced on the `` demand `` side of the electoral equation .
[also] , this pattern will be reinforced on the `` demand `` side of the electoral equation .

Moreover , the higher taxes that are an inevitable counterpart of more government services not only act as a disincentive to saving and investment , but also `` overload `` the economy and crowd out opportunities for economic growth at the same time as the opening up of export markets and the defence of the home market is made ever more difficult by the inevitable inflation .
[also] , the higher taxes that are an inevitable counterpart of more government services not only act as a disincentive to saving and investment , but also `` overload `` the economy and crowd out opportunities for economic growth at the same time as the opening up of export markets and the defence of the home market is made ever more difficult by the inevitable inflation .

Moreover , he highlights the necessity of clarifying the meaning of continuity and of economic policy , pointing out that economic policy can be divided into three principal areas .
[also] , he highlights the necessity of clarifying the meaning of continuity and of economic policy , pointing out that economic policy can be divided into three principal areas .

Moreover , the Conservatives won the election of 1979 with a specific commitment not to manage the economy on the basis of short-run considerations alone , and they won again in 1983 without creating a mini boom and with over 3 million unemployed which surely confounds a thesis which suggests that economic good times are the major route to electoral success .
[also] , the conservatives won the election of 1979 with a specific commitment not to manage the economy on the basis of short-run considerations alone , and they won again in 1983 without creating a mini boom and with over 3 million unemployed which surely confounds a thesis which suggests that economic good times are the major route to electoral success .

Moreover , research rather suggested that the former groups mounted one-off campaigns targeted at parliament or public opinion , whereas the latter groups ( and especially the trade unions and employers associations ) were of greater power and were likely to be in regular day-to-day contact with ministers , government , and the permanent administrative side of the state machine .
[also] , research rather suggested that the former groups mounted one-off campaigns targeted at parliament or public opinion , whereas the latter groups ( and especially the trade unions and employers associations ) were of greater power and were likely to be in regular day-to-day contact with ministers , government , and the permanent administrative side of the state machine .

Moreover , because individuals are likely to be members of more than one interest ( `` cross-cutting ties `` ) and more than one group ( `` overlapping membership `` ) this will soften or moderate a commitment to any single interest .
[also] , because individuals are likely to be members of more than one interest ( `` cross-cutting ties `` ) and more than one group ( `` overlapping membership `` ) this will soften or moderate a commitment to any single interest .

Moreover , because depression , inflation , or other economic distress can bring down a government , and because jobs , prices , production , the standard of living , and the economic security of everyone , all tend to rest on the performance of business , politicians and administrators alike have to regard business as more than just another interest group .
[also] , because depression , inflation , or other economic distress can bring down a government , and because jobs , prices , production , the standard of living , and the economic security of everyone , all tend to rest on the performance of business , politicians and administrators alike have to regard business as more than just another interest group .

Moreover , these groups found themselves to be in a catch 22 — no win — situation so far as their own political action was concerned .
[also] , these groups found themselves to be in a catch 22 — no win — situation so far as their own political action was concerned .

Moreover , these rules served to protect established policies and the easy access of those groups and interests advantaged by them , at the same time as groups urging change were ruled out of court by a whole series of exclusion devices .
[also] , these rules served to protect established policies and the easy access of those groups and interests advantaged by them , at the same time as groups urging change were ruled out of court by a whole series of exclusion devices .

Moreover , there is a profound lack of agreement on what the concept actually refers to .
[also] , there is a profound lack of agreement on what the concept actually refers to .

Moreover , the increased state intervention that was part of the trend to corporatism imposed costs and taxes that capitalists are showing themselves eager and able to shrug off given the support of the politics of Thatcherism .
[also] , the increased state intervention that was part of the trend to corporatism imposed costs and taxes that capitalists are showing themselves eager and able to shrug off given the support of the politics of thatcherism .

Moreover , the electorate often seems to vote for a candidate and a party in ignorance of , and in spite of ( rather than because of ) , the party programme that is on offer .
[also] , the electorate often seems to vote for a candidate and a party in ignorance of , and in spite of ( rather than because of ) , the party programme that is on offer .

Moreover , the left perspective on interests is not without its own problems .
[also] , the left perspective on interests is not without its own problems .

Moreover , public support for the system has become problematic in a way that poses some kind of challenge to the legitimacy and authority of the state itself .
[also] , public support for the system has become problematic in a way that poses some kind of challenge to the legitimacy and authority of the state itself .

Moreover , if the forces for constitutional change do grow , then the Conservative Party itself could well be forced to contemplate constitutional change in order to hold things .
[also] , if the forces for constitutional change do grow , then the conservative party itself could well be forced to contemplate constitutional change in order to hold things .

Moreover , if we were to attempt this , then getting an agreed set of principles approved by Parliament would open up conflicts as to the rights to be included , and if a new code was eventually passed then their existence alongside the European Convention would create confusion and cause additional difficulties for the courts .
[also] , if we were to attempt this , then getting an agreed set of principles approved by parliament would open up conflicts as to the rights to be included , and if a new code was eventually passed then their existence alongside the european convention would create confusion and cause additional difficulties for the courts .

Moreover , constitutional lawyers may write about `` old `` Parliaments being able to bind and limit a `` new `` Parliament , and may suggest that a `` new judicial attitude `` ( whereby judges no longer accept that they are subordinate to Parliament ) would make for a fresh start so that `` the doctrine that no Parliament can bind its successors becomes ancient history `` , but these tricky legal formulations do not alter the fact that constitution-making occurs in the context of a political reality which limits what is feasible , acceptable , and enforceable .
[also] , constitutional lawyers may write about `` old `` parliaments being able to bind and limit a `` new `` parliament , and may suggest that a `` new judicial attitude `` ( whereby judges no longer accept that they are subordinate to parliament ) would make for a fresh start so that `` the doctrine that no parliament can bind its successors becomes ancient history `` , but these tricky legal formulations do not alter the fact that constitution-making occurs in the context of a political reality which limits what is feasible , acceptable , and enforceable .

Moreover , if the centre parties succeed in breaking through into parliament in large numbers then the prospect of coalition government would be increased and this would give the Crown a role in the making of governments since it would no longer be a simple and automatic matter of sending for the leader of the majority party in the Commons .
[also] , if the centre parties succeed in breaking through into parliament in large numbers then the prospect of coalition government would be increased and this would give the crown a role in the making of governments since it would no longer be a simple and automatic matter of sending for the leader of the majority party in the commons .

Moreover , it was seen as too generous at a time when those parties had become more extreme .
[also] , it was seen as too generous at a time when those parties had become more extreme .

Moreover , the constitutional authorities tend to adopt a `` legalistic `` approach to constitutional change and are pessimistic as to the prospects for democratic politics .
[also] , the constitutional authorities tend to adopt a `` legalistic `` approach to constitutional change and are pessimistic as to the prospects for democratic politics .

Moreover , this has taken place against the policies of the previous party government so entrenching the instability of adversary politics as the price to be paid for a strength that really works against the moderate majority in the population at large .
[also] , this has taken place against the policies of the previous party government so entrenching the instability of adversary politics as the price to be paid for a strength that really works against the moderate majority in the population at large .

Moreover , as the public themselves come to recognise that many more votes are being `` wasted `` and that their votes bear little relation to the final result in the constituency or the country , so declining turnout and public disaffection will increase in a way which will really threaten the legitimacy of the whole system .
[also] , as the public themselves come to recognise that many more votes are being `` wasted `` and that their votes bear little relation to the final result in the constituency or the country , so declining turnout and public disaffection will increase in a way which will really threaten the legitimacy of the whole system .

Moreover , if they were to break through within the established system then they just might be a little less enthusiastic about introducing proportional representation as `` a first priority `` since it could let one of the parties they would have displaced back into the game .
[also] , if they were to break through within the established system then they just might be a little less enthusiastic about introducing proportional representation as `` a first priority `` since it could let one of the parties they would have displaced back into the game .

Moreover , it is not clear that either party could agree to a change and still hold itself intact .
[also] , it is not clear that either party could agree to a change and still hold itself intact .

Moreover , the party as a whole is clearly opposed to the election of a Labour Government .
[also] , the party as a whole is clearly opposed to the election of a labour government .

Moreover , the coalition government so formed will not have to ( or even be able to ) face the electorate at the next election since the parties to the coalition will be free to fight again as independent entities .
[also] , the coalition government so formed will not have to ( or even be able to ) face the electorate at the next election since the parties to the coalition will be free to fight again as independent entities .

Moreover , the Left has tended to turn away from applause for insurrection — at least in so far as prospects for change in Britain are concerned .
[also] , the left has tended to turn away from applause for insurrection — at least in so far as prospects for change in britain are concerned .

Moreover , in the British context , the fact that Leninist and Trotskyist groupings are hopelessly divided and have never been able to move beyond a fringe role and secure any kind of solid base in the working class has , as a matter of practical politics , forced them to reconsider their own position and that of the Labour Party .
[also] , in the british context , the fact that leninist and trotskyist groupings are hopelessly divided and have never been able to move beyond a fringe role and secure any kind of solid base in the working class has , as a matter of practical politics , forced them to reconsider their own position and that of the labour party .

Moreover they tend to serve an audience of converts , who already have some basic understanding and who are sufficiently interested to want to know more .
[also] they tend to serve an audience of converts , who already have some basic understanding and who are sufficiently interested to want to know more .

Moreover , when the dominant approach to problems of behaviour is to remove the pupils it is not surprising that an increasing proportion of the school population is drawn into that model .
[also] , when the dominant approach to problems of behaviour is to remove the pupils it is not surprising that an increasing proportion of the school population is drawn into that model .

Moreover , the volume of literature in these other areas is such that only an outline can be presented here .
[also] , the volume of literature in these other areas is such that only an outline can be presented here .

Moreover , industrial structure is not something which can be resolved merely by general debate over a general checklist of factors .
[also] , industrial structure is not something which can be resolved merely by general debate over a general checklist of factors .

Moreover , there seems to be no reason why economic competition should take such a dichotomous form , with a clear separation between the low-cost producers and the differentiators .
[also] , there seems to be no reason why economic competition should take such a dichotomous form , with a clear separation between the low-cost producers and the differentiators .

Moreover , Miller and Friesen ( 1986 ) have tested Porter 's position on this point and concluded that differentiators do also employ cost-leadership strategies and that cost leaders do employ differentiation policies .
[also] , miller and friesen ( 1986 ) have tested porter 's position on this point and concluded that differentiators do also employ cost-leadership strategies and that cost leaders do employ differentiation policies .

Moreover , he shows clearly how strategies can be grouped in terms of broad emphasis into a few types according to whether the industry is in the emergent , mature or declining phase of its life-cycle .
[also] , he shows clearly how strategies can be grouped in terms of broad emphasis into a few types according to whether the industry is in the emergent , mature or declining phase of its life-cycle .

Moreover , one recent major text ( Kaplan and Atkinson , 1989 ) deletes learning curves because it is misleading to extrapolate cost reductions based literally on experience alone .
[also] , one recent major text ( kaplan and atkinson , 1989 ) deletes learning curves because it is misleading to extrapolate cost reductions based literally on experience alone .

Moreover , the responsibility to implement will itself affect the earlier stages of project promotion and analysis through the way those due to implement the project expect to be rewarded or punished .
[also] , the responsibility to implement will itself affect the earlier stages of project promotion and analysis through the way those due to implement the project expect to be rewarded or punished .

Moreover , the flow has direction , but no obvious beginning or end .
[also] , the flow has direction , but no obvious beginning or end .

Moreover , the direction is set by powerful clues or ‘ logics ’ gradually established in the organization which enable subsystems to bound their search for strategies .
[also] , the direction is set by powerful clues or ‘ logics ’ gradually established in the organization which enable subsystems to bound their search for strategies .

Moreover , the greater turbulence in the economic and political environment through the 1970s and 1980s means that predictability has decreased .
[also] , the greater turbulence in the economic and political environment through the 1970s and 1980s means that predictability has decreased .

Moreover , it needs to be recognized that a rational , ‘ value-free ’ analysis can not exist in a pluralistic society or that it would please no one if attempted ( Clapham , 1984 ) , unless an action could be shown to benefit all stakeholders .
[also] , it needs to be recognized that a rational , ‘ value-free ’ analysis can not exist in a pluralistic society or that it would please no one if attempted ( clapham , 1984 ) , unless an action could be shown to benefit all stakeholders .

Moreover , a serious disadvantage is that a student enrolling for a Dip.HE course is not guaranteed , in every case , that on successful completion of the course he will secure a place on a subsequent degree course .
[also] , a serious disadvantage is that a student enrolling for a dip.he course is not guaranteed , in every case , that on successful completion of the course he will secure a place on a subsequent degree course .

Moreover , design for industrial production consists much more in supplying the needs of commerce , professional and public bodies , often quite small in size , than those of large-scale manufacturing organizations .
[also] , design for industrial production consists much more in supplying the needs of commerce , professional and public bodies , often quite small in size , than those of large-scale manufacturing organizations .

Moreover , it remains a cause for considerable concern that the number of youngsters in the sixteen to nineteen age range who attend day release courses in Wales has been proportionally one of the lowest in England and Wales .
[also] , it remains a cause for considerable concern that the number of youngsters in the sixteen to nineteen age range who attend day release courses in wales has been proportionally one of the lowest in england and wales .

Moreover , this is occurring at a time when few resources are available to enable them to deal with increased numbers .
[also] , this is occurring at a time when few resources are available to enable them to deal with increased numbers .

Moreover , the White Paper recognized that all teachers in further education should have a systematic introduction to teaching and that opportunities for further in-service training should be improved .
[also] , the white paper recognized that all teachers in further education should have a systematic introduction to teaching and that opportunities for further in-service training should be improved .

Moreover , there is no one in all Chung Kuo with more experience than the Marshal .
[also] , there is no one in all chung kuo with more experience than the marshal .

DeVore moved back , letting the scientist past , his mind reeling with an almost aesthetic delight at the beauty of the thing . ‘ Moreover , the very thing that triggers this evolutionary pattern is that which is normally guaranteed to defend the body against disease — the immunisation programme ! ’
devore moved back , letting the scientist past , his mind reeling with an almost aesthetic delight at the beauty of the thing . ‘ [also] , the very thing that triggers this evolutionary pattern is that which is normally guaranteed to defend the body against disease — the immunisation programme ! ’

The symptoms fade , moreover , whereas Pythagoras rejoiced in the peculiarity of a golden thigh until he died .
the symptoms fade , [also] , whereas pythagoras rejoiced in the peculiarity of a golden thigh until he died .

Moreover , experiments on pigeons have been thought to rule out that possibility .
[also] , experiments on pigeons have been thought to rule out that possibility .

Moreover , pigeons navigate less accurately when the earth 's magnetic field is disturbed ( for instance by solar flares ) ; — but this evidence is inconclusive , because other factors may be correlated with these natural , not experimental , disturbances .
[also] , pigeons navigate less accurately when the earth 's magnetic field is disturbed ( for instance by solar flares ) ; — but this evidence is inconclusive , because other factors may be correlated with these natural , not experimental , disturbances .

Moreover , the most difficult tricks to teach a sheepdog are those most removed from its ancestral hunting skills .
[also] , the most difficult tricks to teach a sheepdog are those most removed from its ancestral hunting skills .

The moth , moreover , can tell whether the bat is to the right or left ( because it has an ear on each side ) and whether it is approaching or moving away .
the moth , [also] , can tell whether the bat is to the right or left ( because it has an ear on each side ) and whether it is approaching or moving away .

Moreover , the most bizarre sexual characteristics , such as the amazing plumage of male birds of paradise , probably decrease the chances of survival of their bearers .
[also] , the most bizarre sexual characteristics , such as the amazing plumage of male birds of paradise , probably decrease the chances of survival of their bearers .

Females , moreover , only approach loud-speakers playing songs of their own species .
females , [also] , only approach loud-speakers playing songs of their own species .

The association , moreover , makes sense .
the association , [also] , makes sense .

Moreover , the association of parental care and mating systems is imperfect .
[also] , the association of parental care and mating systems is imperfect .

Moreover , she was unashamedly curious about Fowler-Troon 's interview with Newley .
[also] , she was unashamedly curious about fowler-troon 's interview with newley .

Moreover , as Anna Martin pointed out , what might be judged as sloppiness and poor management on the part of a well-to-do woman was not necessarily the case in a poor household .
[also] , as anna martin pointed out , what might be judged as sloppiness and poor management on the part of a well-to-do woman was not necessarily the case in a poor household .

Moreover , preservation of this family model was seen as crucial to the stability of the state and throughout the period fears regarding family disintegration were repeatedly expressed .
[also] , preservation of this family model was seen as crucial to the stability of the state and throughout the period fears regarding family disintegration were repeatedly expressed .

Moreover , when the home became a workshop , poor living conditions rapidly became worse .
[also] , when the home became a workshop , poor living conditions rapidly became worse .

Moreover , to the extent that the family wage was never realised , women shouldered the double burden of household and paid employment and received little assistance from government welfare legislation , which assumed female economic dependency to be the norm .
[also] , to the extent that the family wage was never realised , women shouldered the double burden of household and paid employment and received little assistance from government welfare legislation , which assumed female economic dependency to be the norm .

Moreover , the nature of the evidence adduced and the tone of the argument shifted over time , serving to justify the changing nature of sexual divisions in society ( the ‘ typewriter girl ’ was herself a product of changes in the occupational distribution of women workers ) .
[also] , the nature of the evidence adduced and the tone of the argument shifted over time , serving to justify the changing nature of sexual divisions in society ( the ‘ typewriter girl ’ was herself a product of changes in the occupational distribution of women workers ) .

Moreover , to those women long accustomed to playing a complementary role to their husbands in running a family business , the idea of natural sexual differences appeared both sensible and acceptable .
[also] , to those women long accustomed to playing a complementary role to their husbands in running a family business , the idea of natural sexual differences appeared both sensible and acceptable .

Moreover , female well-being was defined in terms congruent with both women 's reproductive function and ideal feminine behaviour .
[also] , female well-being was defined in terms congruent with both women 's reproductive function and ideal feminine behaviour .

Moreover , because of their physical and mental weakness women were clearly incapable of qualifying as doctors themselves .
[also] , because of their physical and mental weakness women were clearly incapable of qualifying as doctors themselves .

Moreover , when nineteenth-century feminists demanded equal education and employment opportunities for single women , they did not ask for any special consideration to be extended to women on account of their reproductive role .
[also] , when nineteenth-century feminists demanded equal education and employment opportunities for single women , they did not ask for any special consideration to be extended to women on account of their reproductive role .

Moreover , Picasso obviously had a more forceful and dynamic personality than Braque , and this had impressed itself strongly on influential critics such as Apollinaire , Salmon and Vauxcelles , with whom he was more friendly than was Braque .
[also] , picasso obviously had a more forceful and dynamic personality than braque , and this had impressed itself strongly on influential critics such as apollinaire , salmon and vauxcelles , with whom he was more friendly than was braque .

But it is incontestable that the painting marks a turning point in the career of Picasso and , moreover , the beginning of a new phase in the history of art .
but it is incontestable that the painting marks a turning point in the career of picasso and , [also] , the beginning of a new phase in the history of art .

Moreover , some of Picasso 's painting of 1906 bears testimony in a very direct way to his admiration for this Spanish master .
[also] , some of picasso 's painting of 1906 bears testimony in a very direct way to his admiration for this spanish master .

Moreover , Cézanne had felt he was respecting the laws of traditional , scientific perspective .
[also] , cézanne had felt he was respecting the laws of traditional , scientific perspective .

He was always more conscious than Picasso of the actual surface quality of his work , and moreover more consistently conscious of the need for respecting the demands of the picture plane .
he was always more conscious than picasso of the actual surface quality of his work , and [also] more consistently conscious of the need for respecting the demands of the picture plane .

It is moreover mistaken to view the twentieth century cases which limited natural justice through manipulation of the administrative-judicial dichotomy as doing so primarily because of a feeling that those categorised as administrative would be unsuited to adjudicative procedures .
it is [also] mistaken to view the twentieth century cases which limited natural justice through manipulation of the administrative-judicial dichotomy as doing so primarily because of a feeling that those categorised as administrative would be unsuited to adjudicative procedures .

Moreover , it is arguable that classical adjudication is in general unsuited to the resolution of what are termed polycentric problems , which may form the subject-matter of statutory inquiries .
[also] , it is arguable that classical adjudication is in general unsuited to the resolution of what are termed polycentric problems , which may form the subject-matter of statutory inquiries .

Moreover , the above picture is a simplified one .
[also] , the above picture is a simplified one .

Moreover , the very existence of the two heads of control has , in itself , exacerbated the confusion as judges strive to find a function for each of the terms .
[also] , the very existence of the two heads of control has , in itself , exacerbated the confusion as judges strive to find a function for each of the terms .

Moreover , a point to be considered later is particularly relevant here .
[also] , a point to be considered later is particularly relevant here .

’ The term proportionality does moreover not resolve in and of itself the actual standard of review .
’ the term proportionality does [also] not resolve in and of itself the actual standard of review .

There is moreover a further difficulty with the thesis which is that it is based upon a dichotomy between fact and value which is hard to sustain .
there is [also] a further difficulty with the thesis which is that it is based upon a dichotomy between fact and value which is hard to sustain .

’ Moreover , public demands for federal action were fulfilled with the enactment of major environmental legislation .
’ [also] , public demands for federal action were fulfilled with the enactment of major environmental legislation .

He had moreover made himself disagreeable to many contemporary naturalists , and his posthumous reputation has been well below what it was in his earlier life , when he was seen as the British Cuvier .
he had [also] made himself disagreeable to many contemporary naturalists , and his posthumous reputation has been well below what it was in his earlier life , when he was seen as the british cuvier .

Moreover , he was a Christian , and saw Darwin 's theory , with its apparent reliance on chance , as opposed to religion ; materialism and chance were the bases after all of the Epicurean philosophy .
[also] , he was a christian , and saw darwin 's theory , with its apparent reliance on chance , as opposed to religion ; materialism and chance were the bases after all of the epicurean philosophy .

Moreover , the results of science in the form of gas-lighting , electric telegraphs , synthetic dyes and railways were there for all to see .
[also] , the results of science in the form of gas-lighting , electric telegraphs , synthetic dyes and railways were there for all to see .

Critics , moreover , argue that sacrifices in service quality have sometimes been necessary to obtain savings .
critics , [also] , argue that sacrifices in service quality have sometimes been necessary to obtain savings .

Many scrutinies , moreover , are not completed within the two-year time span , and departments have frequently been criticised for delays in implementation .
many scrutinies , [also] , are not completed within the two-year time span , and departments have frequently been criticised for delays in implementation .

Goal identification , moreover , is often inseparable in Whitehall from questions of policy , which gives rise to frequent conflict both within and between departments .
goal identification , [also] , is often inseparable in whitehall from questions of policy , which gives rise to frequent conflict both within and between departments .

Moreover , inputs and particularly outputs are often difficult to quantify , and sometimes even to identify .
[also] , inputs and particularly outputs are often difficult to quantify , and sometimes even to identify .

County councils , moreover , frequently subdivided their territory for administrative purposes .
county councils , [also] , frequently subdivided their territory for administrative purposes .

Not all functions , moreover , are mandatory upon local authorities ; some , like the provision of leisure centres , art galleries and playing fields are permissive ( which means the authority has a choice whether or not to provide them ) .
not all functions , [also] , are mandatory upon local authorities ; some , like the provision of leisure centres , art galleries and playing fields are permissive ( which means the authority has a choice whether or not to provide them ) .

It is open to any authority , moreover , to promote a private Bill in order to extend its powers .
it is open to any authority , [also] , to promote a private bill in order to extend its powers .

Such acrimony has often been exacerbated , moreover , because of the tendency since the 1974 reorganization for authorities ‘ to view the relationship between the tiers as an adversary one ’ ( Alexander , 1982a , p. 65 ) ; and also because of the problem of ‘ competing mandates ’ ( Alexander , 1982b , p. 54 ) where authorities at different levels in an area pursuing different policies ( and often controlled by different parties ) both claim to be acting in the local interest .
such acrimony has often been exacerbated , [also] , because of the tendency since the 1974 reorganization for authorities ‘ to view the relationship between the tiers as an adversary one ’ ( alexander , 1982a , p. 65 ) ; and also because of the problem of ‘ competing mandates ’ ( alexander , 1982b , p. 54 ) where authorities at different levels in an area pursuing different policies ( and often controlled by different parties ) both claim to be acting in the local interest .

The retention of the business rate , moreover , will perpetuate many of the inherent problems of the rating system , and — in so far as this will be set by Whitehall — will increase the potential for central control of local finances .
the retention of the business rate , [also] , will perpetuate many of the inherent problems of the rating system , and — in so far as this will be set by whitehall — will increase the potential for central control of local finances .

In recent years , moreover , a growing proportion of total grant has been contributed by specific grants ( 17.6 per cent in England , 1981 /2 ; 25.6 per cent in 1987/8 ) , which — being tied , unlike block grant , to specific services — leave authorities with less discretion to determine spending priorities .
in recent years , [also] , a growing proportion of total grant has been contributed by specific grants ( 17.6 per cent in england , 1981 /2 ; 25.6 per cent in 1987/8 ) , which — being tied , unlike block grant , to specific services — leave authorities with less discretion to determine spending priorities .

Increasingly , moreover , in the larger authorities council leaders and key committee chairmen effectively work full time — a development given some impetus by the introduction of Special Responsibility Allowances ( SRAs ) for senior councillors in 1980 ( Skelcher , 1983 ; Widdicombe 1986 , vol .
increasingly , [also] , in the larger authorities council leaders and key committee chairmen effectively work full time — a development given some impetus by the introduction of special responsibility allowances ( sras ) for senior councillors in 1980 ( skelcher , 1983 ; widdicombe 1986 , vol .

Specialists , moreover , often build their careers by moving from one authority to another rather than by climbing within one authority .
specialists , [also] , often build their careers by moving from one authority to another rather than by climbing within one authority .

The mobility of specialists , moreover , needs to be seen against the ‘ localist ’ orientations of councillors and administrators .
the mobility of specialists , [also] , needs to be seen against the ‘ localist ’ orientations of councillors and administrators .

Many councillors , moreover , are builders , businessmen , transport workers , accountants and so forth who may have appropriate specialist knowledge .
many councillors , [also] , are builders , businessmen , transport workers , accountants and so forth who may have appropriate specialist knowledge .

Moreover , as Gyford notes ( 1976 , p. 45 ) , ‘ officers may also be able to participate in … decision taking by suggesting the appropriate wording of resolutions or amendments and … by … drafting ’ minutes of meetings .
[also] , as gyford notes ( 1976 , p. 45 ) , ‘ officers may also be able to participate in … decision taking by suggesting the appropriate wording of resolutions or amendments and … by … drafting ’ minutes of meetings .

As , moreover , deficiencies have appeared in the capital control mechanisms , so refinements have been introduced .
as , [also] , deficiencies have appeared in the capital control mechanisms , so refinements have been introduced .

These political costs , moreover , produced only marginal gains in terms of local government expenditure control .
these political costs , [also] , produced only marginal gains in terms of local government expenditure control .

Moreover .
[also] .

Moreover , just as important as stressing the plurality of political resources , which form the basis for the exercise of power , pluralist approaches tend to stress the contingency of transforming the potential for political power offered by the possession of such resources into the actual exercise of power .
[also] , just as important as stressing the plurality of political resources , which form the basis for the exercise of power , pluralist approaches tend to stress the contingency of transforming the potential for political power offered by the possession of such resources into the actual exercise of power .

Moreover , the link between economic and social position and political power is made even less direct by virtue of the proposition that strong political resources can coexist with weak political influence through the deployment of inappropriate strategies of influence .
[also] , the link between economic and social position and political power is made even less direct by virtue of the proposition that strong political resources can coexist with weak political influence through the deployment of inappropriate strategies of influence .

Moreover , analysis of the actions of these complex groups is essential to an understanding of policy-making in government : ‘ The behaviors that constitute the process of government can not be adequately understood apart from the groups , especially the organised and potential interest groups , which are operative at any point in time ’ .
[also] , analysis of the actions of these complex groups is essential to an understanding of policy-making in government : ‘ the behaviors that constitute the process of government can not be adequately understood apart from the groups , especially the organised and potential interest groups , which are operative at any point in time ’ .

Moreover , the fragmentation that group participation creates in the policy process has been held partly responsible for the ‘ challenge to governance ’ faced by most Western nations since the 1970s .
[also] , the fragmentation that group participation creates in the policy process has been held partly responsible for the ‘ challenge to governance ’ faced by most western nations since the 1970s .

Moreover .
[also] .

Moreover , unearthing evidence of such inequality would not cause a pluralist to challenge the basis of his or her analytical approach in the same way that evidence of the influence of non-economically based groups on state decisions has generated much tortuous re-evaluation of basic theory among Marxist scholars .
[also] , unearthing evidence of such inequality would not cause a pluralist to challenge the basis of his or her analytical approach in the same way that evidence of the influence of non-economically based groups on state decisions has generated much tortuous re-evaluation of basic theory among marxist scholars .

Conflict would seem by definition to be incompatible with integration … In reality , however , conflict and integration are incompatible only with respect to the particular actions and intentions constitutive of the conflict , and the particular ends sought by each of the parties to the conflict … The parties to a conflict remain , moreover , parts of a single society by virtue of their acknowledgement of a common name , by their participation in certain common divisions of labour and allocation from which they can not extricate themselves except by secession , emigration or anchoritic or cenobitic withdrawal .
conflict would seem by definition to be incompatible with integration … in reality , however , conflict and integration are incompatible only with respect to the particular actions and intentions constitutive of the conflict , and the particular ends sought by each of the parties to the conflict … the parties to a conflict remain , [also] , parts of a single society by virtue of their acknowledgement of a common name , by their participation in certain common divisions of labour and allocation from which they can not extricate themselves except by secession , emigration or anchoritic or cenobitic withdrawal .

Moreover , the nature of government intervention in its economic , social and cultural environment has changed .
[also] , the nature of government intervention in its economic , social and cultural environment has changed .

Moreover , the empirical basis for his hypotheses about the budget maximisation assumption and the complicity of sponsors in the growth of government has been severely challenged on two main grounds .
[also] , the empirical basis for his hypotheses about the budget maximisation assumption and the complicity of sponsors in the growth of government has been severely challenged on two main grounds .

The producers of public expenditure have helped increase public spending since the competition for votes has led politicians to promise more and more spending ; moreover , since governments come into office with a vast amount of spending commitments inherited from previous governments , their ability to reduce these commitments substantially is limited through the length of time that would be required to make such reductions , and further , they are unlikely to court unpopularity through doing so .
the producers of public expenditure have helped increase public spending since the competition for votes has led politicians to promise more and more spending ; [also] , since governments come into office with a vast amount of spending commitments inherited from previous governments , their ability to reduce these commitments substantially is limited through the length of time that would be required to make such reductions , and further , they are unlikely to court unpopularity through doing so .

Moreover , the practice has been shown by other studies , notably those of Mortimore et al .
[also] , the practice has been shown by other studies , notably those of mortimore et al .

Moreover , it is impossible to define what constitutes the ‘ appropriate ’ proportion of time which a 5-year-old , or a 7- or 11-year-old , should spend on task in a school day of some five and a half hours .
[also] , it is impossible to define what constitutes the ‘ appropriate ’ proportion of time which a 5-year-old , or a 7- or 11-year-old , should spend on task in a school day of some five and a half hours .

Moreover , as we shall see when we discuss collaborative teaching later in this chapter , it is much easier for two teachers than three or more to undertake the shared planning on which the success of classroom collaboration depends .
[also] , as we shall see when we discuss collaborative teaching later in this chapter , it is much easier for two teachers than three or more to undertake the shared planning on which the success of classroom collaboration depends .

Moreover , in some classrooms where teachers asked many questions , their pupils were able to ask relatively few , and having done so they might risk having their questions blocked or marginalized .
[also] , in some classrooms where teachers asked many questions , their pupils were able to ask relatively few , and having done so they might risk having their questions blocked or marginalized .

Moreover , there is no doubt that in large classes this practice can ease the burden on the class teacher .
[also] , there is no doubt that in large classes this practice can ease the burden on the class teacher .

Moreover , and this concerns policy-makers at least as much as teachers themselves , where certain dilemmas remain unresolvable because they are rooted not so much in particular classroom strategies as the inbuilt limitations of the generalist class teacher system , the professional , political and resource implications must be squarely faced .
[also] , and this concerns policy-makers at least as much as teachers themselves , where certain dilemmas remain unresolvable because they are rooted not so much in particular classroom strategies as the inbuilt limitations of the generalist class teacher system , the professional , political and resource implications must be squarely faced .

Moreover , this normative process was felt to operate at several levels , from appointments , promotions and other career aspirations to the much more subtle everyday processes whereby individuals come to acquire a sense of their professional worth from the comments and valuations of ‘ significant others ’ advisers , advisory teachers and heads in particular .
[also] , this normative process was felt to operate at several levels , from appointments , promotions and other career aspirations to the much more subtle everyday processes whereby individuals come to acquire a sense of their professional worth from the comments and valuations of ‘ significant others ’ advisers , advisory teachers and heads in particular .

Moreover , it tended to present a view of practice as constituted largely of issues to do with the visual appearance of classrooms and matters of organization relating to children 's grouping .
[also] , it tended to present a view of practice as constituted largely of issues to do with the visual appearance of classrooms and matters of organization relating to children 's grouping .

Moreover , heads and teachers were often expected to adopt ideas and practices on the basis of belief and exhortation rather than argument and evidence .
[also] , heads and teachers were often expected to adopt ideas and practices on the basis of belief and exhortation rather than argument and evidence .

Moreover , the lack of seniority of most Phase 3 appointees further reduced their potential to generate change .
[also] , the lack of seniority of most phase 3 appointees further reduced their potential to generate change .

Moreover , the effect seems likely to be small .
[also] , the effect seems likely to be small .

Moreover , the major choices that face individuals are about what kind of job to enter .
[also] , the major choices that face individuals are about what kind of job to enter .

Moreover , a cash supplement to income would also be expected to lead to a fall in work effort .
[also] , a cash supplement to income would also be expected to lead to a fall in work effort .

Moreover , as we saw earlier , it is possible to argue that to pay for a service produces an equal exchange relationship .
[also] , as we saw earlier , it is possible to argue that to pay for a service produces an equal exchange relationship .

Moreover , these dependent people do not reach a social services department in most cases unless the family can not care for them without help .
[also] , these dependent people do not reach a social services department in most cases unless the family can not care for them without help .

Moreover , they illustrate many of the theoretical points that have been raised in previous chapters .
[also] , they illustrate many of the theoretical points that have been raised in previous chapters .

Moreover , people who covenanted money to the hospitals for over six years secured income tax relief on the sum ( 1922 Finance Act ) .
[also] , people who covenanted money to the hospitals for over six years secured income tax relief on the sum ( 1922 finance act ) .

Moreover , several of the more ambitious authorities , like London and Middlesex , developed their own acute hospitals .
[also] , several of the more ambitious authorities , like london and middlesex , developed their own acute hospitals .

Moreover , few schemes covered women or children .
[also] , few schemes covered women or children .

Moreover it ‘ has been confirmed independently from various Soviet sources ’ that ‘ Moscow finds Latin American offerings attractive ’ ( Blasier : 1983 , p. 50 ) .
[also] it ‘ has been confirmed independently from various soviet sources ’ that ‘ moscow finds latin american offerings attractive ’ ( blasier : 1983 , p. 50 ) .

Moreover , anarchists and socialists who offered alternative ways forward had few tangible achievements with which to support their arguments .
[also] , anarchists and socialists who offered alternative ways forward had few tangible achievements with which to support their arguments .

Moreover , the shock of the 1929 Wall Street crash and the ensuing economic depression ( which hit the primary-producing nations of Latin America particularly badly as the industrialised countries slashed imports ) had two correlated effects .
[also] , the shock of the 1929 wall street crash and the ensuing economic depression ( which hit the primary-producing nations of latin america particularly badly as the industrialised countries slashed imports ) had two correlated effects .

Moreover , Cuba 's insistence on ‘ uninterrupted ’ revolution made a subsidiary issue of the whole debate about which ‘ stage ’ was appropriate .
[also] , cuba 's insistence on ‘ uninterrupted ’ revolution made a subsidiary issue of the whole debate about which ‘ stage ’ was appropriate .

Moreover , with the advent to power of the Peruvian military radicals in 1968 , the brief rule of left-wing General Torres in Bolivia in 1970 and the election of Chile 's popular Unity in September 1970 , the arguments for a ‘ peaceful road ’ acquired far greater force .
[also] , with the advent to power of the peruvian military radicals in 1968 , the brief rule of left-wing general torres in bolivia in 1970 and the election of chile 's popular unity in september 1970 , the arguments for a ‘ peaceful road ’ acquired far greater force .

Moreover , all Marxist groups operating in Latin America confront a formidable array of obstacles , apart from the problems caused by their own factionalism .
[also] , all marxist groups operating in latin america confront a formidable array of obstacles , apart from the problems caused by their own factionalism .

Moreover , a Marxist-Leninist analysis of foreign-policy formulation in the United States ( which would have been accepted by Guevara and also by Raúl Castro , both extremely powerful figure ) implicitly makes two assumptions which have been shown to be inaccurate : firstly , that the ’ bourgeoisie ' always act in concert , and secondly , that the ruling group has control over the statements of major Interest groups within society .
[also] , a marxist-leninist analysis of foreign-policy formulation in the united states ( which would have been accepted by guevara and also by raúl castro , both extremely powerful figure ) implicitly makes two assumptions which have been shown to be inaccurate : firstly , that the ’ bourgeoisie ' always act in concert , and secondly , that the ruling group has control over the statements of major interest groups within society .

Moreover , to accomplish a programme of rapid industrialisation ( the favoured economic strategy of Che , Raúl Castro and Carios Rafael Rodriguez ) the state would have to be in control of the main sectors of the economy , which again would lead to an unavoidable confrontation with the United States .
[also] , to accomplish a programme of rapid industrialisation ( the favoured economic strategy of che , raúl castro and carios rafael rodriguez ) the state would have to be in control of the main sectors of the economy , which again would lead to an unavoidable confrontation with the united states .

Moreover the Yek had a horror of the mutations which were still the occasional result of the patches of radiation which were to be found in places around the continent , and they had laws to prevent the proliferation of mutant types through succeeding generations .
[also] the yek had a horror of the mutations which were still the occasional result of the patches of radiation which were to be found in places around the continent , and they had laws to prevent the proliferation of mutant types through succeeding generations .

Moreover , the policing of the picket line was organised and controlled by local police officers according to a ‘ hearts and minds ’ philosophy : the Chief Constable of South Yorkshire sensibly recognised that almost every family in Sheffield had connections with the steelworkers and was keen to ensure that the police did not alienate themselves from the wider community .
[also] , the policing of the picket line was organised and controlled by local police officers according to a ‘ hearts and minds ’ philosophy : the chief constable of south yorkshire sensibly recognised that almost every family in sheffield had connections with the steelworkers and was keen to ensure that the police did not alienate themselves from the wider community .

Given the large crowds , moreover , professional soccer provides a context where it is relatively easy to escape detection and arrest , and last but not least , a group of outsiders , the opposing team and its fans , comes regularly into the home territory where they are perceived as invaders and targets for attack .
given the large crowds , [also] , professional soccer provides a context where it is relatively easy to escape detection and arrest , and last but not least , a group of outsiders , the opposing team and its fans , comes regularly into the home territory where they are perceived as invaders and targets for attack .

Moreover , there is documentary evidence that adolescents have always attended the game without the supervision of adults .
[also] , there is documentary evidence that adolescents have always attended the game without the supervision of adults .

That day they encountered an Armenian priest who informed them that the mountain towards which they were heading had never been ascended and , moreover , never would be .
that day they encountered an armenian priest who informed them that the mountain towards which they were heading had never been ascended and , [also] , never would be .

Moreover , the examples Couturier gives are of multiple discrete points of view carefully distinguished within the novels in question ( The Sound and the Fury , Pale Fire ) , whereas the mutable point of view employed in Verbivore is a technique developed out of the possibilities inherent in print , but moving toward the mutability of cybernetic text .
[also] , the examples couturier gives are of multiple discrete points of view carefully distinguished within the novels in question ( the sound and the fury , pale fire ) , whereas the mutable point of view employed in verbivore is a technique developed out of the possibilities inherent in print , but moving toward the mutability of cybernetic text .

Moreover , they 'll sleep anywhere as long as they 're warm and comfortable .
[also] , they 'll sleep anywhere as long as they 're warm and comfortable .

This then is an overview of the consumer lending market which the credit marketer faces , a market which has deteriorated overall and , moreover , which is undergoing speedy and dynamic flux at the finer level .
this then is an overview of the consumer lending market which the credit marketer faces , a market which has deteriorated overall and , [also] , which is undergoing speedy and dynamic flux at the finer level .

It follows that recent rises in unemployment may have had a relatively greater impact on property-owning white-collar workers than was the case in the early 1980s ; moreover , the latter will also be more highly geared than average .
it follows that recent rises in unemployment may have had a relatively greater impact on property-owning white-collar workers than was the case in the early 1980s ; [also] , the latter will also be more highly geared than average .

Moreover , it is an obscure nonsense .
[also] , it is an obscure nonsense .

This Orient was , moreover a mirror in which Europe ( and subsequently America ) could see reflected its own supremacy .
this orient was , [also] a mirror in which europe ( and subsequently america ) could see reflected its own supremacy .

Within the terms of this self-proclaiming universal culture , moreover , there could be no escape from this degradation .
within the terms of this self-proclaiming universal culture , [also] , there could be no escape from this degradation .

Moreover , by updating customer information using annual , interim or management accounts , such a system allows the ready evaluation of a customer 's solvency on an on-going basis .
[also] , by updating customer information using annual , interim or management accounts , such a system allows the ready evaluation of a customer 's solvency on an on-going basis .

Moreover , the effect is likely to be spread across different customers in an uneven fashion ; not all of them are likely to attempt to prolong the credit period permanently in this way .
[also] , the effect is likely to be spread across different customers in an uneven fashion ; not all of them are likely to attempt to prolong the credit period permanently in this way .

Moreover , only half think that their partner respects and appreciates what they do in the home .
[also] , only half think that their partner respects and appreciates what they do in the home .

Moreover , according to Dr John Voorhees of the University of Michigan Medical Centre , who has carried out clinical trials on the drug , Retin-A needs to be used on an open-ended , on-going basis if the improvements are to be maintained .
[also] , according to dr john voorhees of the university of michigan medical centre , who has carried out clinical trials on the drug , retin-a needs to be used on an open-ended , on-going basis if the improvements are to be maintained .

Moreover , the whole process was self-perpetuating ; the guest became the host in an act of social revenge and thus it went on for ever .
[also] , the whole process was self-perpetuating ; the guest became the host in an act of social revenge and thus it went on for ever .

Moreover , Oswiu appears to have entered into immediate relations with the papacy .
[also] , oswiu appears to have entered into immediate relations with the papacy .

Moreover , the king was indeed associated with Church reform .
[also] , the king was indeed associated with church reform .

Moreover , an attack by Eadberht , in alliance with Óengus , son of Forgus , king of the Picts , on Dumbarton is placed in 756 in Eadberht 's eighteenth year , whereas his eighteenth year , again if he succeeded in 737 , would have been 754–5 .
[also] , an attack by eadberht , in alliance with óengus , son of forgus , king of the picts , on dumbarton is placed in 756 in eadberht 's eighteenth year , whereas his eighteenth year , again if he succeeded in 737 , would have been 754–5 .

Moreover , he must have known Aelfwald personally for as Aelfwald 's representative he accompanied George , bishop of Ostia and papal legate , south into Mercian territory in 786 .
[also] , he must have known aelfwald personally for as aelfwald 's representative he accompanied george , bishop of ostia and papal legate , south into mercian territory in 786 .

Moreover , its significance has increased in recent years relative to the role of natural increase .
[also] , its significance has increased in recent years relative to the role of natural increase .

Moreover , it is not only the quantity but also the composition ( or ‘ quality ’ ) of the North-South drift that appears to be affecting the balance between the two parts of the country .
[also] , it is not only the quantity but also the composition ( or ‘ quality ’ ) of the north-south drift that appears to be affecting the balance between the two parts of the country .

Moreover , only Wiltshire experienced a cutback in growth rate between the decades that was greater than the national figure , while 15 of the 20 areas saw a positive movement in growth rate against the national trend .
[also] , only wiltshire experienced a cutback in growth rate between the decades that was greater than the national figure , while 15 of the 20 areas saw a positive movement in growth rate against the national trend .

Moreover , a substantial proportion of the council housing built on low-density suburban estates in the inter-war period has now been incorporated into the owner-occupied sector and no longer provides a route for lower-income households wanting to move into the suburbs .
[also] , a substantial proportion of the council housing built on low-density suburban estates in the inter-war period has now been incorporated into the owner-occupied sector and no longer provides a route for lower-income households wanting to move into the suburbs .

Moreover , they can not be accounted for merely by reference to spatial differences in social composition .
[also] , they can not be accounted for merely by reference to spatial differences in social composition .

Moreover , once imbalances have been created , they tend to work their way through the higher age groups in situ .
[also] , once imbalances have been created , they tend to work their way through the higher age groups in situ .

Moreover , in the handbooks on marriage , reproduction and bourgeois hygienics of the 1840s the respectable woman was defined through marriage and the family but female asexuality was not the guiding principle .
[also] , in the handbooks on marriage , reproduction and bourgeois hygienics of the 1840s the respectable woman was defined through marriage and the family but female asexuality was not the guiding principle .

Moreover , since venereal disease was contracted by a man at his own risk he could not claim protection from the medical arm of the state .
[also] , since venereal disease was contracted by a man at his own risk he could not claim protection from the medical arm of the state .

Moreover , the managers saw a clear link between Outram 's feminist politics and her interest in sex education .
[also] , the managers saw a clear link between outram 's feminist politics and her interest in sex education .

Moreover , as specialized professionals , medics warmed to an ideology of national efficiency precisely because it privileged rational experts over those generalist administrators who had earlier curbed the power of the Simonian specialist .
[also] , as specialized professionals , medics warmed to an ideology of national efficiency precisely because it privileged rational experts over those generalist administrators who had earlier curbed the power of the simonian specialist .

2.5 Whilst the foregoing factors have created the need for more language teachers — teachers , moreover , who have been trained to cope with new challenges — the supply has been falling , to the point where they have been labelled in one study ‘ an endangered species ’ .
2.5 whilst the foregoing factors have created the need for more language teachers — teachers , [also] , who have been trained to cope with new challenges — the supply has been falling , to the point where they have been labelled in one study ‘ an endangered species ’ .

Moreover , the problem was not confined to one city ( London ) , it was an issue for the whole country : Belfast , Clydeside , Merseyside and a range of industrial and port areas , and city centres as at Sheffield , Coventry , Plymouth , Hull , Bristol and certain cathedral cities .
[also] , the problem was not confined to one city ( london ) , it was an issue for the whole country : belfast , clydeside , merseyside and a range of industrial and port areas , and city centres as at sheffield , coventry , plymouth , hull , bristol and certain cathedral cities .

Moreover , greater centralization in national affairs and a greater exercise of State powers would not be accompanied by any loss of democratic freedoms .
[also] , greater centralization in national affairs and a greater exercise of state powers would not be accompanied by any loss of democratic freedoms .

Moreover it is important to appreciate the breakthrough in planning methodology which Holden and Holford effected .
[also] it is important to appreciate the breakthrough in planning methodology which holden and holford effected .

Moreover the massiveness of the planning machine , and the insensitivities of the bureaucrats who operated it , were surely counter-productive .
[also] the massiveness of the planning machine , and the insensitivities of the bureaucrats who operated it , were surely counter-productive .

Moreover , the lack of precision and the subtlety of the overall vision of the city development strategy , as Holford outlined , was not all that easy to articulate either , or to communicate to others with conviction ( Cherry and Penny , 1986 ) .
[also] , the lack of precision and the subtlety of the overall vision of the city development strategy , as holford outlined , was not all that easy to articulate either , or to communicate to others with conviction ( cherry and penny , 1986 ) .

Moreover , it was used in the Hung Mao manner-in that curiously inverted way of theirs , where the family name was last and not first .
[also] , it was used in the hung mao manner-in that curiously inverted way of theirs , where the family name was last and not first .

Moreover , it was the thing that Farley Peters had become .
[also] , it was the thing that farley peters had become .

Moreover , he understood another , deeper thing : it was not clear which of them was departing .
[also] , he understood another , deeper thing : it was not clear which of them was departing .

Moreover , Britain 's recorded striker-days are high compared with some other European countries , particularly France and Germany .
[also] , britain 's recorded striker-days are high compared with some other european countries , particularly france and germany .

Moreover , members may thereby be enabled to avoid direct responsibility for poor results arising from decisions taken in committee .
[also] , members may thereby be enabled to avoid direct responsibility for poor results arising from decisions taken in committee .

Moreover , the outstanding East Anglian barns like the Paston barn near North Walsham in Norfolk or the Framsden Hall barn in Suffolk , show how important these old farm buildings are from the standpoint of medieval architecture .
[also] , the outstanding east anglian barns like the paston barn near north walsham in norfolk or the framsden hall barn in suffolk , show how important these old farm buildings are from the standpoint of medieval architecture .

Moreover , in 1800 Koops 's Historical Account of the Substances which have been Used to Describe Events was printed on straw .
[also] , in 1800 koops 's historical account of the substances which have been used to describe events was printed on straw .

It is clear , moreover , that Edward 's counsel was valued on artistic matters .
it is clear , [also] , that edward 's counsel was valued on artistic matters .

Moreover , such groups require innovative and community education approaches if adequate and relevant social purpose education is to be provided .
[also] , such groups require innovative and community education approaches if adequate and relevant social purpose education is to be provided .

Moreover , there have been successful schemes which have combined this approach with that of community activism ( see , for example , the Liverpool programmes in the 1960s and 1970s ) .
[also] , there have been successful schemes which have combined this approach with that of community activism ( see , for example , the liverpool programmes in the 1960s and 1970s ) .

Moreover , the funding for part-time staff involvement and administrative and clerical back-up is also provided from these institutional sources .
[also] , the funding for part-time staff involvement and administrative and clerical back-up is also provided from these institutional sources .

Moreover , they are all , in different ways , linked both structurally and ideologically to existing patterns of provision and to the dominant culture and its assumptions .
[also] , they are all , in different ways , linked both structurally and ideologically to existing patterns of provision and to the dominant culture and its assumptions .

Moreover , such educational concepts are integrally related to political commitments to a radical and decentralised democratic social and political structure .
[also] , such educational concepts are integrally related to political commitments to a radical and decentralised democratic social and political structure .

Moreover , he was so near to the kerb that heavy vehicles passing close by spattered his shoes and trousers with filth .
[also] , he was so near to the kerb that heavy vehicles passing close by spattered his shoes and trousers with filth .

Moreover , distinctions may be drawn between ordinary shares , ranking equally as regards financial participation , by dividing them nevertheless into separate classes with different voting rights .
[also] , distinctions may be drawn between ordinary shares , ranking equally as regards financial participation , by dividing them nevertheless into separate classes with different voting rights .

Moreover , where the debenture is secured by a floating charge on all the undertaking and assets of the company , he will have a legal or equitable interest in the company 's business , albeit of a different kind from that of its shareholders .
[also] , where the debenture is secured by a floating charge on all the undertaking and assets of the company , he will have a legal or equitable interest in the company 's business , albeit of a different kind from that of its shareholders .

’ Moreover , the court may order payment by the company of ‘ damages sustained by any party aggrieved .
’ [also] , the court may order payment by the company of ‘ damages sustained by any party aggrieved .

Moreover strict conditions are laid down to ensure that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the Seventh Directive and made available to the British public .
[also] strict conditions are laid down to ensure that the company is included in consolidated accounts drawn up and audited in accordance with the seventh directive and made available to the british public .

Moreover , if the requirements of Schedule 6 ( disclosure of emoluments and benefits of directors ) are not complied with in the accounts , ‘ the auditors shall include in their report , so far as they are reasonably able to do so , a statement giving the required particulars .
[also] , if the requirements of schedule 6 ( disclosure of emoluments and benefits of directors ) are not complied with in the accounts , ‘ the auditors shall include in their report , so far as they are reasonably able to do so , a statement giving the required particulars .

Moreover , the Secretary of State may allow an extension in special circumstances .
[also] , the secretary of state may allow an extension in special circumstances .

Moreover , in their view , this inequality is not random , but is structured by the needs of international capital .
[also] , in their view , this inequality is not random , but is structured by the needs of international capital .

Moreover , current cost accounting strictly demands that a business 's cash book be segregated into capital and revenue cash .
[also] , current cost accounting strictly demands that a business 's cash book be segregated into capital and revenue cash .

Moreover , in all these examples we have assumed historic cost accounting .
[also] , in all these examples we have assumed historic cost accounting .

Moreover , the detailed unit cost and physical statistics do not in themselves measure whether the curbside pick-up is more efficient ; only that it costs less .
[also] , the detailed unit cost and physical statistics do not in themselves measure whether the curbside pick-up is more efficient ; only that it costs less .

Moreover , the financial accounts are audited .
[also] , the financial accounts are audited .

Moreover , the descriptive value of the term ‘ Finlandisation ’ and even more the historical parallel with Finland , as previously observed , are questionable .
[also] , the descriptive value of the term ‘ finlandisation ’ and even more the historical parallel with finland , as previously observed , are questionable .

Moreover , Soviet specialists point to the unresolved disputes and mutual claims over territory , and to the existence of national , tribal , religious , economic and other issues within and between the states of the Indian Ocean basin .
[also] , soviet specialists point to the unresolved disputes and mutual claims over territory , and to the existence of national , tribal , religious , economic and other issues within and between the states of the indian ocean basin .

Moreover , we do not wish to give the impression that the cello and bass always work in double harness : on the contrary , they can be used independently to a quite large extent , though discretion and careful thought are very necessary in this matter , since the basses when used alone tend to sound rather dry , and if their part lies low and is far removed in pitch from the rest of the harmony it is too indeterminate in pitch to give satisfactory support unless it consists of a sustained or better ( since the bow is short ) a reiterated pedal note .
[also] , we do not wish to give the impression that the cello and bass always work in double harness : on the contrary , they can be used independently to a quite large extent , though discretion and careful thought are very necessary in this matter , since the basses when used alone tend to sound rather dry , and if their part lies low and is far removed in pitch from the rest of the harmony it is too indeterminate in pitch to give satisfactory support unless it consists of a sustained or better ( since the bow is short ) a reiterated pedal note .

Moreover , geopolitics have played a role in duplicating lines to land-locked deposits .
[also] , geopolitics have played a role in duplicating lines to land-locked deposits .

Moreover , the large city or freight terminals had to have massive capacity to cope with intense seasonal pressures .
[also] , the large city or freight terminals had to have massive capacity to cope with intense seasonal pressures .

At the railway stations appeared cards , cigars , beer , wine , brandy ( the sale of which on their own soil the Bokhariots have prohibited by agreement ) … Moreover , some engineers have constructed the station-buildings in beautifully hewn freestone and marble from the neighbouring rocks , as an example to the Sarmatians for the use of their rich mountain stones and marbles .
at the railway stations appeared cards , cigars , beer , wine , brandy ( the sale of which on their own soil the bokhariots have prohibited by agreement ) … [also] , some engineers have constructed the station-buildings in beautifully hewn freestone and marble from the neighbouring rocks , as an example to the sarmatians for the use of their rich mountain stones and marbles .

Moreover , it transformed the fortunes of the northern prairie cities .
[also] , it transformed the fortunes of the northern prairie cities .

Moreover , restrictions were placed upon these to ensure that they would be developed and not simply held by speculators .
[also] , restrictions were placed upon these to ensure that they would be developed and not simply held by speculators .

Moreover , franchising had the potential of extending beyond the green form scheme to civil and criminal legal aid .
[also] , franchising had the potential of extending beyond the green form scheme to civil and criminal legal aid .

Moreover , the variations of phase as Venus moved around its orbit were not in accord with the Ptolemaic model of the Solar System which originated with the Greek astronomer Ptolemy ( ca .
[also] , the variations of phase as venus moved around its orbit were not in accord with the ptolemaic model of the solar system which originated with the greek astronomer ptolemy ( ca .

Moreover , the main cloud base lies at an altitude of about 48 km , which by Earth standards is a very high cloud base .
[also] , the main cloud base lies at an altitude of about 48 km , which by earth standards is a very high cloud base .

Moreover , the axial inclination and orbital eccentricity of Venus are so small that seasonal variations are negligible .
[also] , the axial inclination and orbital eccentricity of venus are so small that seasonal variations are negligible .

Moreover , the argument is insecure on other grounds .
[also] , the argument is insecure on other grounds .

Moreover , from the annual and diurnal growth patterns of organisms , preserved as fossils , it has been established , for example , that about 380 Ma ago there were about 400 ‘ days ’ in the year and as the orbital period of the Earth is very unlikely to have changed the ‘ day ’ must then have contained only about 22 hours .
[also] , from the annual and diurnal growth patterns of organisms , preserved as fossils , it has been established , for example , that about 380 ma ago there were about 400 ‘ days ’ in the year and as the orbital period of the earth is very unlikely to have changed the ‘ day ’ must then have contained only about 22 hours .

Moreover , the lunar seismic signals were of a very different nature from those seen in the Earth , and this can be explained by the prevalence of a fragmented medium in the outer regions of the Moon .
[also] , the lunar seismic signals were of a very different nature from those seen in the earth , and this can be explained by the prevalence of a fragmented medium in the outer regions of the moon .

Moreover , Earth-based photometric studies have indicated that most of the lunar near side must be blanketed in such dust .
[also] , earth-based photometric studies have indicated that most of the lunar near side must be blanketed in such dust .

Moreover , the diameter-depth relationship is as expected for impact craters on the Moon , and brecchias and glass particles are common .
[also] , the diameter-depth relationship is as expected for impact craters on the moon , and brecchias and glass particles are common .

Moreover , on the far side of the Moon there are a few basins that , if filled , would resemble mare .
[also] , on the far side of the moon there are a few basins that , if filled , would resemble mare .

Moreover , the mare surfaces are slightly tilted , whereas a deep pool of liquid would solidify with a horizontal surface .
[also] , the mare surfaces are slightly tilted , whereas a deep pool of liquid would solidify with a horizontal surface .

Moreover , where these regions have been sampled brecchias are very common .
[also] , where these regions have been sampled brecchias are very common .

Moreover , the generation of dust by impacts would not disturb this uniformity .
[also] , the generation of dust by impacts would not disturb this uniformity .

Moreover , infall alone would not level the mare floors .
[also] , infall alone would not level the mare floors .

Moreover , the Earth need never have been spinning particularly rapidly .
[also] , the earth need never have been spinning particularly rapidly .

Moreover , if the Moon was already in synchronous rotation around the Earth , and if there was more spare material between the Earth and the Moon than beyond the Moon , then the rather greater number of large basins on the near side than on the far side can be explained .
[also] , if the moon was already in synchronous rotation around the earth , and if there was more spare material between the earth and the moon than beyond the moon , then the rather greater number of large basins on the near side than on the far side can be explained .

Moreover , the best lunar analogue for the Mercurian smooth plains are not the maria , which are the best candidates on the Moon for volcanic activity , but the lunar highland plains , which do not seem to have a volcanic origin .
[also] , the best lunar analogue for the mercurian smooth plains are not the maria , which are the best candidates on the moon for volcanic activity , but the lunar highland plains , which do not seem to have a volcanic origin .

Moreover , even for the common members the speeds and angles with which they cross the orbit of Mars differ from those at which they cross the orbit of the Earth-Moon system , and this further changes the exposure .
[also] , even for the common members the speeds and angles with which they cross the orbit of mars differ from those at which they cross the orbit of the earth-moon system , and this further changes the exposure .

Moreover , the temperature is so high that no molecules can exist , and most of the atoms are ionized .
[also] , the temperature is so high that no molecules can exist , and most of the atoms are ionized .

Moreover , theories of atmospheric circulation on Jupiter yield winds rather than waves .
[also] , theories of atmospheric circulation on jupiter yield winds rather than waves .

Moreover , the intricacy of the colouring can , and seems to be , influenced by horizontal and vertical circulation patterns in the atmosphere and by waves , both of which can transport material to altitudes where its colours are unstable but where insufficient time has elapsed for chemical reactions to have reached a new equilibrium corresponding to different colours .
[also] , the intricacy of the colouring can , and seems to be , influenced by horizontal and vertical circulation patterns in the atmosphere and by waves , both of which can transport material to altitudes where its colours are unstable but where insufficient time has elapsed for chemical reactions to have reached a new equilibrium corresponding to different colours .

Moreover , at all plausible temperatures for the Jovian interior then or now any mixing on a molecular scale is maintained even in the liquid phase .
[also] , at all plausible temperatures for the jovian interior then or now any mixing on a molecular scale is maintained even in the liquid phase .

Moreover , the simplification can not be made , as it can in the terrestrial planets , that the influence of temperature on density is slight compared with the influence of pressure : the temperature change with depth in adiabatic lapse-rate models of Jupiter is much too large for this to be the case .
[also] , the simplification can not be made , as it can in the terrestrial planets , that the influence of temperature on density is slight compared with the influence of pressure : the temperature change with depth in adiabatic lapse-rate models of jupiter is much too large for this to be the case .

Moreover the importance of the organizational element to the implementation of community care policies is stressed through the role of care programming as a tool in the evaluation of service integration .
[also] the importance of the organizational element to the implementation of community care policies is stressed through the role of care programming as a tool in the evaluation of service integration .

Moreover , no rooms were locked in the houses , whereas in hospital environments , and in particular special units , between 15–35 per cent of the living unit was likely to be unavailable to clients .
[also] , no rooms were locked in the houses , whereas in hospital environments , and in particular special units , between 15–35 per cent of the living unit was likely to be unavailable to clients .

Moreover , recent studies such as Alison and Wright ( 1990 ) , looking at older carers , McCalman ( 1990 ) , on ethnic minority carers , and Hicks ( 1988 ) are not given the attention they deserve , though more dated sources are considered .
[also] , recent studies such as alison and wright ( 1990 ) , looking at older carers , mccalman ( 1990 ) , on ethnic minority carers , and hicks ( 1988 ) are not given the attention they deserve , though more dated sources are considered .

Moreover , ‘ images articulate meaning and desire ’ in a way that words or ‘ utterances ’ do not .
[also] , ‘ images articulate meaning and desire ’ in a way that words or ‘ utterances ’ do not .

Moreover , popular culture was the subject , and arguably the condition of existence , of high modernist culture .
[also] , popular culture was the subject , and arguably the condition of existence , of high modernist culture .

Moreover , they misunderstand the nature of the task upon which the judge has been compelled to engage himself , which is to discover , using the tools with which the law has furnished him — the accepted presumptions and canons of construction — not some speculative but unexpressed ‘ intention of Parliament ’ but the ambit of the written rules that Parliament has imposed for the regulation of the subject 's conduct and his rights and duties under the law .
[also] , they misunderstand the nature of the task upon which the judge has been compelled to engage himself , which is to discover , using the tools with which the law has furnished him — the accepted presumptions and canons of construction — not some speculative but unexpressed ‘ intention of parliament ’ but the ambit of the written rules that parliament has imposed for the regulation of the subject 's conduct and his rights and duties under the law .

Moreover , historically , the possibility of pregnancy does not emerge as a central consideration in the offence of rape .
[also] , historically , the possibility of pregnancy does not emerge as a central consideration in the offence of rape .

Moreover , in the light of the Committee 's comment that consensual oral sex is extremely serious and more likely to be disturbing to a young girl than sexual intercourse , it would seem to follow that non-consensual oral sex is extremely serious and more likely to be disturbing than rape .
[also] , in the light of the committee 's comment that consensual oral sex is extremely serious and more likely to be disturbing to a young girl than sexual intercourse , it would seem to follow that non-consensual oral sex is extremely serious and more likely to be disturbing than rape .

Moreover , it was felt that acts other than penetration could be equally traumatic .
[also] , it was felt that acts other than penetration could be equally traumatic .

Moreover , proof of non-consent on a charge of buggery or indecent assault is likely to become harder .
[also] , proof of non-consent on a charge of buggery or indecent assault is likely to become harder .

Moreover , rather than perpetuate the stereotype of woman as passive victim , man as aggressor , rape , it is sometimes said , should be gender neutral with respect to perpetrators as well .
[also] , rather than perpetuate the stereotype of woman as passive victim , man as aggressor , rape , it is sometimes said , should be gender neutral with respect to perpetrators as well .

Moreover , convictions for non-consensual buggery of a male over 16 are less than frequent .
[also] , convictions for non-consensual buggery of a male over 16 are less than frequent .

Moreover , it denotes a certain lack of confidence in the criminal process to believe that a totally false allegation would not sooner or later be revealed as such .
[also] , it denotes a certain lack of confidence in the criminal process to believe that a totally false allegation would not sooner or later be revealed as such .

Moreover , the stranger disappears , but the husband remains , as does the fear that he will do it again .
[also] , the stranger disappears , but the husband remains , as does the fear that he will do it again .

Moreover , if , as the majority believe , there is a clear difference between rape of a cohabiting spouse and other forms of rape , then the public and a fortiori the judiciary will surely recognise the distinction and appreciate that it will be reflected occasionally in sentencing .
[also] , if , as the majority believe , there is a clear difference between rape of a cohabiting spouse and other forms of rape , then the public and a fortiori the judiciary will surely recognise the distinction and appreciate that it will be reflected occasionally in sentencing .

Moreover , the Director of Public Prosecutions himself , when consulted about the proposal , expressed doubt as to how the public interest criterion would be interpreted in such cases .
[also] , the director of public prosecutions himself , when consulted about the proposal , expressed doubt as to how the public interest criterion would be interpreted in such cases .

Moreover , whilst sexual intercourse with a woman procured by husband impersonation is a statutory crime in Scotland , it would not appear to be rape where sexual intercourse is obtained by a fraud as to the nature of the act .
[also] , whilst sexual intercourse with a woman procured by husband impersonation is a statutory crime in scotland , it would not appear to be rape where sexual intercourse is obtained by a fraud as to the nature of the act .

Moreover , it has been established for centuries that even where the threat of violence is less than this , consent will be negatived .
[also] , it has been established for centuries that even where the threat of violence is less than this , consent will be negatived .

Moreover , Lord Cross 's appeal to the meaning of the word rape in common usage and the ordinary man 's understanding of rape is no more than a pretext for introducing his own view of what rape means .
[also] , lord cross 's appeal to the meaning of the word rape in common usage and the ordinary man 's understanding of rape is no more than a pretext for introducing his own view of what rape means .

’ It seems strange , moreover , that Professor Williams fails to mention male rape fantasies or to suggest that these might be considered in assessing whether the defendant was prepared to override the victim 's wishes .
’ it seems strange , [also] , that professor williams fails to mention male rape fantasies or to suggest that these might be considered in assessing whether the defendant was prepared to override the victim 's wishes .

Moreover , where a woman dares not register her non-consent because of a man 's violent or frightening behaviour , the law is permitting him to benefit from his own wrong if it grants him a defence on the basis of an honest but unreasonable belief in consent .
[also] , where a woman dares not register her non-consent because of a man 's violent or frightening behaviour , the law is permitting him to benefit from his own wrong if it grants him a defence on the basis of an honest but unreasonable belief in consent .

Moreover , the belief would not need to be a reasonable one .
[also] , the belief would not need to be a reasonable one .

Moreover , the sexual aspect of the offence can not be said to have been in any sense downgraded .
[also] , the sexual aspect of the offence can not be said to have been in any sense downgraded .

Moreover , there is some evidence to suggest that most victims who report rape do not suffer serious injury .
[also] , there is some evidence to suggest that most victims who report rape do not suffer serious injury .

It is certainly true , moreover , that under both categories the evidential burden upon the prosecution is confined to establishing the injury and the necessary intent .
it is certainly true , [also] , that under both categories the evidential burden upon the prosecution is confined to establishing the injury and the necessary intent .

Moreover , husband impersonation which constitutes rape in England has been extended so that any mistake as to the other person 's identity is deemed to negative consent .
[also] , husband impersonation which constitutes rape in england has been extended so that any mistake as to the other person 's identity is deemed to negative consent .

Moreover , criteria such as ‘ fraud ’ or ‘ exercise of authority ’ are exceedingly vague and arguably provide too much scope for judicial interpretation .
[also] , criteria such as ‘ fraud ’ or ‘ exercise of authority ’ are exceedingly vague and arguably provide too much scope for judicial interpretation .

It is the property of the Widow and the Orphan who regard it as safe in your Hands , & in our case moreover it is the property of the Sovereign of the country who selects us for the deposit because he expects ( & expressly has declared that to be his motive ) to find in us , the nice Honour of Gentleman added to the common honesty & Integrity of Men of Business .
it is the property of the widow and the orphan who regard it as safe in your hands , & in our case [also] it is the property of the sovereign of the country who selects us for the deposit because he expects ( & expressly has declared that to be his motive ) to find in us , the nice honour of gentleman added to the common honesty & integrity of men of business .

Moreover , the requirement that guidelines need ongoing revision in the light of changed circumstances must not be forgotten .
[also] , the requirement that guidelines need ongoing revision in the light of changed circumstances must not be forgotten .

Moreover , they should be given guidance to the effect that the Government will support them if they decide , at the time of review , not to grant fresh permissions on environmental and social grounds .
[also] , they should be given guidance to the effect that the government will support them if they decide , at the time of review , not to grant fresh permissions on environmental and social grounds .

Moreover , by adopting too clinical a scientific strategy , the spiritually enriching value in having an ecologically healthy and varied countryside for people with only a modicum of scientific knowledge , have been overlooked .
[also] , by adopting too clinical a scientific strategy , the spiritually enriching value in having an ecologically healthy and varied countryside for people with only a modicum of scientific knowledge , have been overlooked .

Moreover , our support for the recommendations of the Common Land Forum is well known .
[also] , our support for the recommendations of the common land forum is well known .

Moreover , we recognise the seminal changes we are seeking in the approach to development and ‘ progress ’ may well require fundamental institutional changes beyond that envisaged in Threshold 21 .
[also] , we recognise the seminal changes we are seeking in the approach to development and ‘ progress ’ may well require fundamental institutional changes beyond that envisaged in threshold 21 .

Moreover , it is the area in which emotions and feelings are educated ; it engages the effective domain in drama , song , movement , prayer , words and gestures , symbols and colour and , consequently , has a more direct emotional impact than doctrine .
[also] , it is the area in which emotions and feelings are educated ; it engages the effective domain in drama , song , movement , prayer , words and gestures , symbols and colour and , consequently , has a more direct emotional impact than doctrine .

Moreover , the relationship between mosaics need not necessarily be " direct " : a group of mosaics can be included at this level when the style of its members is relatable only by comparison with that of a third pavement ( a " distributed relationship ) .
[also] , the relationship between mosaics need not necessarily be " direct " : a group of mosaics can be included at this level when the style of its members is relatable only by comparison with that of a third pavement ( a " distributed relationship ) .

For a relatively complex geometrical format , moreover , these designs are especially numerous in the south-western part of England .
for a relatively complex geometrical format , [also] , these designs are especially numerous in the south-western part of england .

Moreover the squares , when compared to the saltires ( with their strong diagonal accent ) appear to be a less important , feature of design .
[also] the squares , when compared to the saltires ( with their strong diagonal accent ) appear to be a less important , feature of design .

Mosaics from the latter site , moreover , also included features which not only are without parallel at Withington but which recall other pavements , from Somerset and Dorset .
mosaics from the latter site , [also] , also included features which not only are without parallel at withington but which recall other pavements , from somerset and dorset .

Moreover , many mosaics in the west are among the most impressive in Britain — the Woodchester Orpheus mosaic , the Stonesfield Bacchus mosaic , and the Chedworth Seasons mosaic are notable even in a continental context — whereas those from Yorkshire and the banks of the Number are more limited ( if often ambitious ) designs .
[also] , many mosaics in the west are among the most impressive in britain — the woodchester orpheus mosaic , the stonesfield bacchus mosaic , and the chedworth seasons mosaic are notable even in a continental context — whereas those from yorkshire and the banks of the number are more limited ( if often ambitious ) designs .

Moreover , busts of figures are common in the north-east ; occurring , for example , at York ( pls .
[also] , busts of figures are common in the north-east ; occurring , for example , at york ( pls .

Moreover , these pulses could , depending on the conditions , repeat regularly , alternate in height or be aperiodic .
[also] , these pulses could , depending on the conditions , repeat regularly , alternate in height or be aperiodic .

Moreover it is common in many languages ( e.g .
[also] it is common in many languages ( e.g .

Moreover , within Oxford itself , there is a shortage of space for new buildings for teaching , research , and student accommodation ( see para .
[also] , within oxford itself , there is a shortage of space for new buildings for teaching , research , and student accommodation ( see para .

Moreover , it has been claimed ( e.g .
[also] , it has been claimed ( e.g .

Moreover , although such communicators may expect a relatively high level of attention from their audiences , the complexity of the material and arguments may require extra attention and effort .
[also] , although such communicators may expect a relatively high level of attention from their audiences , the complexity of the material and arguments may require extra attention and effort .

Moreover , the audit certificate for the target 's published accounts is not the comfort it first seems .
[also] , the audit certificate for the target 's published accounts is not the comfort it first seems .

Moreover , experience demonstrates that once over 50 per cent acceptances have been received and the offer has been declared unconditional as to acceptances , the minority ( particularly institutional shareholders ) often sell .
[also] , experience demonstrates that once over 50 per cent acceptances have been received and the offer has been declared unconditional as to acceptances , the minority ( particularly institutional shareholders ) often sell .

Moreover , the drafter should aim not only to define the obligations of the parties , but also the consequences of a failure to perform .
[also] , the drafter should aim not only to define the obligations of the parties , but also the consequences of a failure to perform .

Moreover the drafter should bear in mind that a set of standard terms , unlike a will or conveyance , is intended to be used by the client and its trading partners without legal advice .
[also] the drafter should bear in mind that a set of standard terms , unlike a will or conveyance , is intended to be used by the client and its trading partners without legal advice .

Moreover , difficulties may arise if both parties have such a provision in their standard terms .
[also] , difficulties may arise if both parties have such a provision in their standard terms .

Moreover , since the reader has been sensitised to the force of such figures through repeated exposure , they are to an extent foregrounded and so contribute significantly to the meaning .
[also] , since the reader has been sensitised to the force of such figures through repeated exposure , they are to an extent foregrounded and so contribute significantly to the meaning .

Compared with unregistered conveyancing , the reduction in responsibility and mental anguish is notable ; moreover , by no more than lifting the telephone you have at your elbow , in the Land Registry Enquiry Department in Lincoln 's Inn Fields and in every District Land Registry , a friendly and expert service , which can usually answer `` off the cuff `` any questions that perplex you .
compared with unregistered conveyancing , the reduction in responsibility and mental anguish is notable ; [also] , by no more than lifting the telephone you have at your elbow , in the land registry enquiry department in lincoln 's inn fields and in every district land registry , a friendly and expert service , which can usually answer `` off the cuff `` any questions that perplex you .

Moreover , the provisos and developments which Lord Wilberforce admitted might make an accepted commercial agreement subject to the doctrine in any event make this test difficult to apply .
[also] , the provisos and developments which lord wilberforce admitted might make an accepted commercial agreement subject to the doctrine in any event make this test difficult to apply .

Moreover , an important client of the plaintiff told the defendant that he was dissatisfied with the plaintiff 's conduct of his affairs .
[also] , an important client of the plaintiff told the defendant that he was dissatisfied with the plaintiff 's conduct of his affairs .

Moreover , the employer can only protect himself from activities by his employee which might reasonably affect the customer connection which has been built up .
[also] , the employer can only protect himself from activities by his employee which might reasonably affect the customer connection which has been built up .

Moreover , there were customs in markets which aimed to protect standards and the emphasis was upon maintaining honesty and standards in trade .
[also] , there were customs in markets which aimed to protect standards and the emphasis was upon maintaining honesty and standards in trade .

Moreover , it was accepted by the House of Lords that if the sellers had not known that the herring meal was to be used as food , no condition of fitness for purpose would have been implied .
[also] , it was accepted by the house of lords that if the sellers had not known that the herring meal was to be used as food , no condition of fitness for purpose would have been implied .

Moreover , the pre-arranged trade is reported and perhaps published as a competitively-determined transaction , when it is not in fact a genuine product of the competitive forces of supply and demand on the exchange .
[also] , the pre-arranged trade is reported and perhaps published as a competitively-determined transaction , when it is not in fact a genuine product of the competitive forces of supply and demand on the exchange .

This was abolished in 1972 and consequently the prosecution must now convince a more representative sample of the population that a publisher ought to be punished : a sample , moreover , which has a constitutional right to acquit irrespective of the letter of the law .
this was abolished in 1972 and consequently the prosecution must now convince a more representative sample of the population that a publisher ought to be punished : a sample , [also] , which has a constitutional right to acquit irrespective of the letter of the law .

Moreover , the law is only one method of control over what is placed in the public arena .
[also] , the law is only one method of control over what is placed in the public arena .

Moreover , for most people the law these institutions make is the law that counts in their lives .
[also] , for most people the law these institutions make is the law that counts in their lives .

It would be easy to demonstrate , moreover , that all our judges , including those who decided our sample cases , have really been following that advice all along .
it would be easy to demonstrate , [also] , that all our judges , including those who decided our sample cases , have really been following that advice all along .

This instinct is likely to be at work , moreover , in other , more complicated rankings they might make .
this instinct is likely to be at work , [also] , in other , more complicated rankings they might make .

Moreover the Communist International was located in Moscow , the capital of a Communist state , derived its funds from a governing party , and could not have functioned without the help of its largest member , the Soviet Communist Party .
[also] the communist international was located in moscow , the capital of a communist state , derived its funds from a governing party , and could not have functioned without the help of its largest member , the soviet communist party .

Moreover , despite the ideological differences on the Left , which were most acute between 1929 and 1934 , there were strong sentiments in favour of `` working-class unity `` in the abstract .
[also] , despite the ideological differences on the left , which were most acute between 1929 and 1934 , there were strong sentiments in favour of `` working-class unity `` in the abstract .

Moreover , Labour politicians and full-time union officials were much more sensitive to the conservatism of a working-class electorate which was just weaned from Liberalism and , in many important areas , continued to return Conservative MPs .
[also] , labour politicians and full-time union officials were much more sensitive to the conservatism of a working-class electorate which was just weaned from liberalism and , in many important areas , continued to return conservative mps .

Moreover the Party had adopted a progressive policy and had made concessions to the Constituency Parties .
[also] the party had adopted a progressive policy and had made concessions to the constituency parties .

Moreover , as is discussed later , there is special protection for historic buildings .
[also] , as is discussed later , there is special protection for historic buildings .

Moreover , some agreements enabled local authorities to obtain gains which could not legally be achieved through a condition .
[also] , some agreements enabled local authorities to obtain gains which could not legally be achieved through a condition .

Moreover , far from ‘ planning out ’ non-conforming industry ( which was a worthy planning aim in earlier years ) such industry ‘ substantially eases the problems of starting and maintaining small scale businesses if permission can be given for such uses to be established in redundant buildings such as disused agricultural buildings , industrial , warehouse , or commercial premises , on derelict sites , or in unsuitable housing ’ .
[also] , far from ‘ planning out ’ non-conforming industry ( which was a worthy planning aim in earlier years ) such industry ‘ substantially eases the problems of starting and maintaining small scale businesses if permission can be given for such uses to be established in redundant buildings such as disused agricultural buildings , industrial , warehouse , or commercial premises , on derelict sites , or in unsuitable housing ’ .

Moreover , there is no reference to ‘ county matters ’ .
[also] , there is no reference to ‘ county matters ’ .

Moreover , his review took account of factors which were very different from those relevant to ‘ streamlining the planning machine ’ : the increasing pressure for public consultation and participation in the planning process , and the ‘ dissatisfaction on the part of applicants because they often do not understand why particular decisions have been made , or why it is necessary for what may seem small matters to be the concern of the planning machinery at all ’ .
[also] , his review took account of factors which were very different from those relevant to ‘ streamlining the planning machine ’ : the increasing pressure for public consultation and participation in the planning process , and the ‘ dissatisfaction on the part of applicants because they often do not understand why particular decisions have been made , or why it is necessary for what may seem small matters to be the concern of the planning machinery at all ’ .

Moreover , the fund of 300 million is being provided for the purposes of compensating the owner of land for this reduced value … therefore the owner of land can have no possible claim to any part of the development value and it is logical and right that the State should , where development takes place , make a charge which represents the amount of the development value .
[also] , the fund of 300 million is being provided for the purposes of compensating the owner of land for this reduced value … therefore the owner of land can have no possible claim to any part of the development value and it is logical and right that the state should , where development takes place , make a charge which represents the amount of the development value .

The basic difficulty was that the purchasers of land were compelled to pay a premium above the existing use value in order to persuade an owner to sell : a development charge of 100 per cent therefore constituted a permanent addition to the cost of development . Moreover , the basis of the development charge was uncertain :
the basic difficulty was that the purchasers of land were compelled to pay a premium above the existing use value in order to persuade an owner to sell : a development charge of 100 per cent therefore constituted a permanent addition to the cost of development . [also] , the basis of the development charge was uncertain :

Moreover , there is a real distinction between the hardships inflicted by a refusal of planning permission ( that is , the loss of the development value of land ) and that caused by the loss of the land itself ( that is , compulsory purchase ) .
[also] , there is a real distinction between the hardships inflicted by a refusal of planning permission ( that is , the loss of the development value of land ) and that caused by the loss of the land itself ( that is , compulsory purchase ) .

Moreover , some of the new units will be designed for one or two persons , so that it may be possible to come closer to a one for one replacement on cleared sites than would be expected by past experience .
[also] , some of the new units will be designed for one or two persons , so that it may be possible to come closer to a one for one replacement on cleared sites than would be expected by past experience .

Moreover , they have no hesitation in stressing the point that builders do not operate or think in terms familiar to planners ; instead they look to ‘ market signals ’ .
[also] , they have no hesitation in stressing the point that builders do not operate or think in terms familiar to planners ; instead they look to ‘ market signals ’ .

Moreover , it might be possible to resolve some of the difficulties that might arise before , say , eviction or redundancy became real possibilities .
[also] , it might be possible to resolve some of the difficulties that might arise before , say , eviction or redundancy became real possibilities .

Moreover , it may be shown that the general correlation , as in Fig .
[also] , it may be shown that the general correlation , as in fig .

Moreover , analysis of the data in the above way disguises a significant aspect of the differences between a stratified boundary layer and a corresponding unstratified one .
[also] , analysis of the data in the above way disguises a significant aspect of the differences between a stratified boundary layer and a corresponding unstratified one .

Moreover there is no discernible pattern to the changes .
[also] there is no discernible pattern to the changes .

Moreover , she thought a great deal about what she was going to do long before she began working , and it had become possible for her to execute a painting with great precision .
[also] , she thought a great deal about what she was going to do long before she began working , and it had become possible for her to execute a painting with great precision .

Moreover , it is not just live tissues that are consumed as bark feeding is widespread among mammals , e.g .
[also] , it is not just live tissues that are consumed as bark feeding is widespread among mammals , e.g .

Moreover , anti-insect toxins may become attractants for mammals as in the case of cabbage and onions in humans .
[also] , anti-insect toxins may become attractants for mammals as in the case of cabbage and onions in humans .

Despite the apparent closeness of the relationship between the three plant species and the three bird ones , this is illusory in that all three plant species are geographically and altitudinally widespread in tropical America , whereas the birds are much more restricted ; moreover , the food gained from these plants is a very small proportion of the birds ' diet .
despite the apparent closeness of the relationship between the three plant species and the three bird ones , this is illusory in that all three plant species are geographically and altitudinally widespread in tropical america , whereas the birds are much more restricted ; [also] , the food gained from these plants is a very small proportion of the birds ' diet .

Moreover , the effect of avian frugivores on insect frugivores may be to force the latter to eat unripe fruits or leave the host , lest they be eaten by omnivorous birds .
[also] , the effect of avian frugivores on insect frugivores may be to force the latter to eat unripe fruits or leave the host , lest they be eaten by omnivorous birds .

Moreover , there can be many bats and small-to medium-sized mammals ( arboreal ) from the smallest marsupials to the smaller monkeys , in contrast to the larger mammals confined to the forest floor where food is always scarce , and therefore there are fewer species of them .
[also] , there can be many bats and small-to medium-sized mammals ( arboreal ) from the smallest marsupials to the smaller monkeys , in contrast to the larger mammals confined to the forest floor where food is always scarce , and therefore there are fewer species of them .

Moreover , there is some confusion about the level of selection in that a genetically linked population is composed of particular trees on each of which selection acts , and differing in space and time in terms of biotic neighbourhoods as well as genotypes .
[also] , there is some confusion about the level of selection in that a genetically linked population is composed of particular trees on each of which selection acts , and differing in space and time in terms of biotic neighbourhoods as well as genotypes .

Moreover , there is a coincidence between centres of dispersal and enclaves of diversity among Amazonian languages and the plant and animal ‘ refugia ’ , but humans have been there for perhaps only 6000 years .
[also] , there is a coincidence between centres of dispersal and enclaves of diversity among amazonian languages and the plant and animal ‘ refugia ’ , but humans have been there for perhaps only 6000 years .

Moreover , when Lully 's operas were revived in the 18th century , after the orchestral string body had been reduced from five parts-to four , the quinte part was , once again , simply omitted .
[also] , when lully 's operas were revived in the 18th century , after the orchestral string body had been reduced from five parts-to four , the quinte part was , once again , simply omitted .

As for the second , ‘ Blondel ’ is decidedly not an Italian name ; moreover , castratos sang in the royal chapel , but rarely on the French stage .
as for the second , ‘ blondel ’ is decidedly not an italian name ; [also] , castratos sang in the royal chapel , but rarely on the french stage .

Moreover , they are far too easy to play .
[also] , they are far too easy to play .

Moreover , the weakness of the remanent magnetism contained within volcanic rocks together with various sources of error meant that large numbers of individual measurements had to be averaged in order to provide a reasonably precise estimate of past continental positions .
[also] , the weakness of the remanent magnetism contained within volcanic rocks together with various sources of error meant that large numbers of individual measurements had to be averaged in order to provide a reasonably precise estimate of past continental positions .

Moreover , since sea-floor spreading is taking place from both the Mid-Atlantic Ridge and the Carlsberg Ridge ( in the Indian Ocean ) , one or both of these ridges must be experiencing movement with respect to the Earth 's rotational axis .
[also] , since sea-floor spreading is taking place from both the mid-atlantic ridge and the carlsberg ridge ( in the indian ocean ) , one or both of these ridges must be experiencing movement with respect to the earth 's rotational axis .

Moreover , by relating this information to data on spreading rates , the directions of relative plate motions derived from the analysis of earthquakes , and palaeomagnetic evidence of continental palaeolatitudes , it has been possible to establish the direction and speed of present-day plate motions and what is probably a fairly accurate history of movements over the past 200 Ma or so ( Fig .
[also] , by relating this information to data on spreading rates , the directions of relative plate motions derived from the analysis of earthquakes , and palaeomagnetic evidence of continental palaeolatitudes , it has been possible to establish the direction and speed of present-day plate motions and what is probably a fairly accurate history of movements over the past 200 ma or so ( fig .

This , however , is an over-simplified view as the current phase of uplift and volcanicity represents only the most recent episode in a complex history stretching back to the Mesozoic ; moreover , the history of this vast mountain system differs greatly from one part to another .
this , however , is an over-simplified view as the current phase of uplift and volcanicity represents only the most recent episode in a complex history stretching back to the mesozoic ; [also] , the history of this vast mountain system differs greatly from one part to another .

Moreover , the back limbs of such folds may become detached along major thrust faults to produce nappes .
[also] , the back limbs of such folds may become detached along major thrust faults to produce nappes .

Moreover , the Tibetan Plateau transmits further pressure to the stable Tarim Basin to the north and this in turn pushes northwards to produce thrusting and uplift in the Tien Shan range ( Fig .
[also] , the tibetan plateau transmits further pressure to the stable tarim basin to the north and this in turn pushes northwards to produce thrusting and uplift in the tien shan range ( fig .

Moreover , a closer inspection of global morphology reveals a range of major landform features which are located in the interior of plates and which are unrelated to even distant plate convergence events ( Fig .
[also] , a closer inspection of global morphology reveals a range of major landform features which are located in the interior of plates and which are unrelated to even distant plate convergence events ( fig .

Moreover , these major faults tend to be discontinuous and curved in plan and it seems that main boundary listric faults alternate along rift valleys and are separated by transfer faults ( Fig .
[also] , these major faults tend to be discontinuous and curved in plan and it seems that main boundary listric faults alternate along rift valleys and are separated by transfer faults ( fig .

Moreover , passive margins have assumed great economic significance since the 1960s as their hydrocarbon potential has begun to be extensively exploited by the oil industry .
[also] , passive margins have assumed great economic significance since the 1960s as their hydrocarbon potential has begun to be extensively exploited by the oil industry .

Moreover , if we compare opposing passive margins there seem to be a number of cases where their morphology and structure are very different .
[also] , if we compare opposing passive margins there seem to be a number of cases where their morphology and structure are very different .

Moreover , size itself is an important factor since greater quantities of lava or tephra do not simply produce landforms of a similar form but larger size .
[also] , size itself is an important factor since greater quantities of lava or tephra do not simply produce landforms of a similar form but larger size .

Moreover , the high salinity of sea water makes it likely that salt is an active weathering agent in coastal environments ( see Section 13.3.1.1 ) .
[also] , the high salinity of sea water makes it likely that salt is an active weathering agent in coastal environments ( see section 13.3.1.1 ) .

Moreover , historians who are teaching computer methods are under the same pressures as their counterparts in humanities computing departments to justify their activities .
[also] , historians who are teaching computer methods are under the same pressures as their counterparts in humanities computing departments to justify their activities .

Moreover , how could serf agriculture be economically rational since , to quote a Russian defender of serfdom in the 1850s , it ‘ precludes the possibility of establishing the cost of production with any accuracy ’ .
[also] , how could serf agriculture be economically rational since , to quote a russian defender of serfdom in the 1850s , it ‘ precludes the possibility of establishing the cost of production with any accuracy ’ .

Moreover , economics apart , in the countries of the Old World the middle class believed that workers should be poor , not only because they had always been , but also because economic inferiority was a proper index of class inferiority .
[also] , economics apart , in the countries of the old world the middle class believed that workers should be poor , not only because they had always been , but also because economic inferiority was a proper index of class inferiority .

Moreover , liberal capitalism offered the individual worker distinct prospects of improvement on bourgeois terms , which large bodies of the labouring population were unable or unwilling to seize .
[also] , liberal capitalism offered the individual worker distinct prospects of improvement on bourgeois terms , which large bodies of the labouring population were unable or unwilling to seize .

Moreover , to a very great extent bourgeois morality was actually applied ; indeed it may have become increasingly effective as the masses of the ‘ respectable ’ working classes adopted the values of the hegemonic culture , and the lower middle classes , which followed it by definition , grew in numbers .
[also] , to a very great extent bourgeois morality was actually applied ; indeed it may have become increasingly effective as the masses of the ‘ respectable ’ working classes adopted the values of the hegemonic culture , and the lower middle classes , which followed it by definition , grew in numbers .

Moreover , with such confidence in the methods of science it is not surprising that educated men of the second half of the century were immensely impressed with its achievements .
[also] , with such confidence in the methods of science it is not surprising that educated men of the second half of the century were immensely impressed with its achievements .

Moreover — another fruitful borrowing from physics — Pasteur discovered in 1848 that chemically identical substances could be physically distinct , e.g .
[also] — another fruitful borrowing from physics — pasteur discovered in 1848 that chemically identical substances could be physically distinct , e.g .

Moreover , the 1860s were a great period of standardisation and measurement .
[also] , the 1860s were a great period of standardisation and measurement .

Retrospectively the greatest of the early physiologists is Claude Bernard , whose work provides the basis of all modern physiology and biochemistry , and who , moreover , wrote one of the finest analyses of the processes of science ever written in his Introduction to the Study of Experimental Medicine ( 1865 ) .
retrospectively the greatest of the early physiologists is claude bernard , whose work provides the basis of all modern physiology and biochemistry , and who , [also] , wrote one of the finest analyses of the processes of science ever written in his introduction to the study of experimental medicine ( 1865 ) .

Moreover , by bringing man himself into a scheme of biological evolution , it abolished the sharp line between natural and human or social sciences .
[also] , by bringing man himself into a scheme of biological evolution , it abolished the sharp line between natural and human or social sciences .

Moreover in a competitive market economy the requisite fall in real wages from w 1 to w * ; would occur spontaneously .
[also] in a competitive market economy the requisite fall in real wages from w 1 to w * ; would occur spontaneously .

Moreover , even if these undesirable side effects of deflation could be disregarded and the progress towards a state of full employment did in fact correspond to the mechanism depicted in Figure 5.3 , exactly the same result could be more expeditiously achieved simply by increasing the nominal money supply .
[also] , even if these undesirable side effects of deflation could be disregarded and the progress towards a state of full employment did in fact correspond to the mechanism depicted in figure 5.3 , exactly the same result could be more expeditiously achieved simply by increasing the nominal money supply .

Moreover , despite its ‘ classical ’ predictions , the neo-classical synthesis was firmly grounded methodologically in the principle of effective demand : the classical money wage-real wage-employment nexus had been completely abandoned in favour of the money wage-price level-aggregate demand-employment nexus .
[also] , despite its ‘ classical ’ predictions , the neo-classical synthesis was firmly grounded methodologically in the principle of effective demand : the classical money wage-real wage-employment nexus had been completely abandoned in favour of the money wage-price level-aggregate demand-employment nexus .

Moreover , the unemployment rates with which post-war creeping inflations were associated were well below the rates which even the most sanguine of Keynesians would have regarded as feasible minima .
[also] , the unemployment rates with which post-war creeping inflations were associated were well below the rates which even the most sanguine of keynesians would have regarded as feasible minima .

Moreover , once the choice had been made , the preferred combination of inflation and unemployment was not only feasible now but was sustainable into the indefinite future .
[also] , once the choice had been made , the preferred combination of inflation and unemployment was not only feasible now but was sustainable into the indefinite future .

Moreover , suspicion may grow in agents ' minds during t - 1 that the government may be on the verge of an about turn on employment policy .
[also] , suspicion may grow in agents ' minds during t - 1 that the government may be on the verge of an about turn on employment policy .

Moreover , since , it also follows that
[also] , since , it also follows that

Moreover the commonly held view that the rational expectations hypothesis is the natural offspring of neoclassical and new classical economics has considerably limited the wider application of the concept of rational expectations in macroeconomic models which do not take the assumption of market clearing as their point of departure .
[also] the commonly held view that the rational expectations hypothesis is the natural offspring of neoclassical and new classical economics has considerably limited the wider application of the concept of rational expectations in macroeconomic models which do not take the assumption of market clearing as their point of departure .

Moreover , cost-push writers tend to subscribe to several versions of the same basic hypothesis at one and the same time .
[also] , cost-push writers tend to subscribe to several versions of the same basic hypothesis at one and the same time .

Moreover some actions commenced before the new provisions came into effect on 1 July 1991 will have to be transferred .
[also] some actions commenced before the new provisions came into effect on 1 july 1991 will have to be transferred .

Moreover , contrary to some earlier decisions by masters , an interim award does not depend on need .
[also] , contrary to some earlier decisions by masters , an interim award does not depend on need .

Moreover , as will frequently be the case , where the chosen name does not consist of the surnames of all the partners ( including persons held out as partners ) without any addition other than forenames or initials or a reference to a previous owner of the business , the provisions of the Business Names Act 1985 will apply .
[also] , as will frequently be the case , where the chosen name does not consist of the surnames of all the partners ( including persons held out as partners ) without any addition other than forenames or initials or a reference to a previous owner of the business , the provisions of the business names act 1985 will apply .

Moreover , that agreement should be kept under constant scrutiny during the initial period after the merger and amended as necessary to take account of the adjustments which will almost certainly be required as a result of the new firm 's experiences .
[also] , that agreement should be kept under constant scrutiny during the initial period after the merger and amended as necessary to take account of the adjustments which will almost certainly be required as a result of the new firm 's experiences .

Moreover , except by consent , the court can not make an order for possession against the tenant in the application ; so that if the tenant refuses to leave at the expiry date of his tenancy , the landlord will be compelled to take fresh proceedings against him .
[also] , except by consent , the court can not make an order for possession against the tenant in the application ; so that if the tenant refuses to leave at the expiry date of his tenancy , the landlord will be compelled to take fresh proceedings against him .

Moreover , the weight of authority on the construction of those two subsections will enable both the landlord and the tenant to be more certain of the legal scope of the power .
[also] , the weight of authority on the construction of those two subsections will enable both the landlord and the tenant to be more certain of the legal scope of the power .

Moreover , it is now well established that an injured plaintiff can recover for the unpaid services of a friend or relative .
[also] , it is now well established that an injured plaintiff can recover for the unpaid services of a friend or relative .

Moreover if the director is a director of the company 's parent company , then again , the contract must be approved in a general meeting of the parent company by ordinary resolution .
[also] if the director is a director of the company 's parent company , then again , the contract must be approved in a general meeting of the parent company by ordinary resolution .

Moreover , if it is later called upon , the value of the certificate of title may depend on the solicitor 's insurance policy ; in larger transactions it may be appropriate to enquire whether the vendor 's solicitor 's insurance policy is sufficient to cover any liability under the certificate of title .
[also] , if it is later called upon , the value of the certificate of title may depend on the solicitor 's insurance policy ; in larger transactions it may be appropriate to enquire whether the vendor 's solicitor 's insurance policy is sufficient to cover any liability under the certificate of title .

Moreover , an investor would only obtain a deduction in respect of premiums if it is a financial institution holding its interest as trading stock .
[also] , an investor would only obtain a deduction in respect of premiums if it is a financial institution holding its interest as trading stock .

Moreover , it is a criminal offence under s47 ( 1 ) Financial Services Act 1986 to induce a person to buy or sell shares by a fraudulent statement or the concealment of material facts .
[also] , it is a criminal offence under s47 ( 1 ) financial services act 1986 to induce a person to buy or sell shares by a fraudulent statement or the concealment of material facts .

Moreover , the presence of unco-operative minority shareholders may well affect the price a purchaser is prepared to offer .
[also] , the presence of unco-operative minority shareholders may well affect the price a purchaser is prepared to offer .

Moreover , it is becoming increasingly common for banks to request , as part of the security package , for an assignment of the warranties given by the vendors .
[also] , it is becoming increasingly common for banks to request , as part of the security package , for an assignment of the warranties given by the vendors .

Moreover , if the purchaser wishes to rationalise the workforce he runs the risk of becoming liable for automatically unfair dismissals where employees are dismissed as a result of the transfer of the business .
[also] , if the purchaser wishes to rationalise the workforce he runs the risk of becoming liable for automatically unfair dismissals where employees are dismissed as a result of the transfer of the business .

Moreover , sunken waste containers could pose a serious threat over time as they begin to leak .
[also] , sunken waste containers could pose a serious threat over time as they begin to leak .

Moreover , it can break down some 50 kilograms of CFCs per hour , compared to 0.8 kilograms under current methods .
[also] , it can break down some 50 kilograms of cfcs per hour , compared to 0.8 kilograms under current methods .

Moreover , FoE also criticizes the authorities for alerting the public only to short-lived peak incidents , whereas it is the sustained eight-hour incidents which tend to affect vulnerable groups .
[also] , foe also criticizes the authorities for alerting the public only to short-lived peak incidents , whereas it is the sustained eight-hour incidents which tend to affect vulnerable groups .

Moreover , far fewer chemicals need to be used in the process since dyes which are insoluble in water are soluble in supercritical carbon dioxide .
[also] , far fewer chemicals need to be used in the process since dyes which are insoluble in water are soluble in supercritical carbon dioxide .

His single , minded pursuit of operational perfection had to be witnessed to be appreciated , He was the only Commander in the field that was able to change the entire concept of strategic bombing ; moreover he was the only Group commander with any worthwhile operational background , my personal researches accredit him with more than a full bomber tour of operations , and that includes his escape from Sweden .
his single , minded pursuit of operational perfection had to be witnessed to be appreciated , he was the only commander in the field that was able to change the entire concept of strategic bombing ; [also] he was the only group commander with any worthwhile operational background , my personal researches accredit him with more than a full bomber tour of operations , and that includes his escape from sweden .

Moreover we see both bomber forces gaining weight and flexing muscle ; Harris with his 100 bomber squadrons in sight ( but still painfully short of the Chief of Air Staff 's promised 3,500 aircraft ) , and the General commanding the Eighth Air Force in no better state , having to fight and fight hard to arrest the diversion of his build-up in aircraft to other theatres .
[also] we see both bomber forces gaining weight and flexing muscle ; harris with his 100 bomber squadrons in sight ( but still painfully short of the chief of air staff 's promised 3,500 aircraft ) , and the general commanding the eighth air force in no better state , having to fight and fight hard to arrest the diversion of his build-up in aircraft to other theatres .

Moreover , we are quite likely to change our mind about exactly what the cloud most resembles .
[also] , we are quite likely to change our mind about exactly what the cloud most resembles .

It is permanently sitting there in the sense that , if only you knew its genetic formula , you could instantly find it ; moreover , its neighbours in this special kind of space are the biomorphs that differ from it by only one gene .
it is permanently sitting there in the sense that , if only you knew its genetic formula , you could instantly find it ; [also] , its neighbours in this special kind of space are the biomorphs that differ from it by only one gene .

Moreover , the value of each gene can change any amount , so long as it does n't stray into double figures .
[also] , the value of each gene can change any amount , so long as it does n't stray into double figures .

Moreover , it was almost certainly `` discovered `` independently by at least two different groups of bats .
[also] , it was almost certainly `` discovered `` independently by at least two different groups of bats .

Moreover , there are well established structures for dealing with work hazards , following the 1974 Health and Safety at Work Act and the 1978 Safety Representatives and Safety Committees Regulations .
[also] , there are well established structures for dealing with work hazards , following the 1974 health and safety at work act and the 1978 safety representatives and safety committees regulations .

The idea that design was a form of knowing in its own right — and one moreover significantly different from and possibly , in certain respects , superior to , the analogous `` prestige `` model — was never explored ; indeed given the processes of false rationalism noted above , could never have been since the prerequisites of a truly rational model of design activity — comprehension of all of design 's moments as a prelude to modelling what whole they constituted in interaction — were never realised .
the idea that design was a form of knowing in its own right — and one [also] significantly different from and possibly , in certain respects , superior to , the analogous `` prestige `` model — was never explored ; indeed given the processes of false rationalism noted above , could never have been since the prerequisites of a truly rational model of design activity — comprehension of all of design 's moments as a prelude to modelling what whole they constituted in interaction — were never realised .

Moreover , his father was also called George , and so was his grandfather , and he christened his eldest son George , and his grandson was called George also .
[also] , his father was also called george , and so was his grandfather , and he christened his eldest son george , and his grandson was called george also .

Moreover , stage performances of opera had been a rarity during the war .
[also] , stage performances of opera had been a rarity during the war .

Moreover , this imperfection is then attributed to Proust himself .
[also] , this imperfection is then attributed to proust himself .

Moreover , they had no problems in explaining away any unusual cataphoric references as the `` it `` in the sentence is simply a dummy subject , an item which has no reference value and is purely a formal requirement of the grammar of English .
[also] , they had no problems in explaining away any unusual cataphoric references as the `` it `` in the sentence is simply a dummy subject , an item which has no reference value and is purely a formal requirement of the grammar of english .

Moreover , although the ( h ) — ( b ) configuration is widespread in the reconstructions , no group even contemplated this as an appropriate ending to the story .
[also] , although the ( h ) — ( b ) configuration is widespread in the reconstructions , no group even contemplated this as an appropriate ending to the story .

Moreover , the linguistic analysis undertaken during the comparison provided concrete support for these observations .
[also] , the linguistic analysis undertaken during the comparison provided concrete support for these observations .

Christianity has moreover incorporated philosophical ideas .
christianity has [also] incorporated philosophical ideas .

Moreover , these things will be brought into the present not as just any history or teaching , but as that through which God is supremely known .
[also] , these things will be brought into the present not as just any history or teaching , but as that through which god is supremely known .

Moreover , that history and that revelation to which Christians necessarily make reference are in some sense normative for the religion .
[also] , that history and that revelation to which christians necessarily make reference are in some sense normative for the religion .

l9 Moreover , the kairos approach can not speak to the fact of an all-male priesthood ( which God is supposed to have given to His church and to have been adequate in past ages ) precisely having been one of the factors making for the secondary position of women in society .
l9 [also] , the kairos approach can not speak to the fact of an all-male priesthood ( which god is supposed to have given to his church and to have been adequate in past ages ) precisely having been one of the factors making for the secondary position of women in society .

It is here that it seems to me that there are basic problems which are not thought through , and moreover that moves are made which are deceptive , in that they give the impression that a solution has been found where in fact the main issue has not been tackled .
it is here that it seems to me that there are basic problems which are not thought through , and [also] that moves are made which are deceptive , in that they give the impression that a solution has been found where in fact the main issue has not been tackled .

To encourage a solidarity of women across all ages is moreover profoundly separatist .
to encourage a solidarity of women across all ages is [also] profoundly separatist .

As we have already said , a creation myth which was symbolically true would have to convey that neither woman nor man was present before the other ; moreover , not that they were created out of dust but that they were integrally related to the rest of the animal creation .
as we have already said , a creation myth which was symbolically true would have to convey that neither woman nor man was present before the other ; [also] , not that they were created out of dust but that they were integrally related to the rest of the animal creation .

Moreover , it must be said that even the patristic position in no way solves the problem that the symbolism of Christ is somehow male .
[also] , it must be said that even the patristic position in no way solves the problem that the symbolism of christ is somehow male .

Moreover , in speaking , as one would tend to in a high Christology , of humanity as being summed up in Christ , or in saying that through the second person of the trinity humanity is taken into the Godhead , differences between humans may also be minimized .
[also] , in speaking , as one would tend to in a high christology , of humanity as being summed up in christ , or in saying that through the second person of the trinity humanity is taken into the godhead , differences between humans may also be minimized .

( It is significant that it could not be called ‘ Christ ’ but had to be given another name ; moreover that it had to be explained what this was , whereas a man on the cross would have required no explanation . )
( it is significant that it could not be called ‘ christ ’ but had to be given another name ; [also] that it had to be explained what this was , whereas a man on the cross would have required no explanation . )

Moreover this language and imagery is brought from the past into the present not just as any language and imagery , but as having a certain givenness .
[also] this language and imagery is brought from the past into the present not just as any language and imagery , but as having a certain givenness .

It is important moreover that one not give overtones to stories surrounding Jesus which they may in no way have carried .
it is important [also] that one not give overtones to stories surrounding jesus which they may in no way have carried .

Moreover , and perhaps even more significantly , among the men there is a rich spectrum of life represented : they are farmers , builders , merchants , kings , judges , stewards , doctors , bridegrooms , servants , sons , fathers , priests , publicans , rich men , poor men , thieves , fools , scoundrels .
[also] , and perhaps even more significantly , among the men there is a rich spectrum of life represented : they are farmers , builders , merchants , kings , judges , stewards , doctors , bridegrooms , servants , sons , fathers , priests , publicans , rich men , poor men , thieves , fools , scoundrels .

Moreover , such texts are the more dangerous in that they affect us at a subconscious level .
[also] , such texts are the more dangerous in that they affect us at a subconscious level .

Moreover , if God were always intervening to get us out of difficulties or dangers , we should never learn to become responsible people .
[also] , if god were always intervening to get us out of difficulties or dangers , we should never learn to become responsible people .

Moreover , he was chuckling and making humorous observations to Fleury in Hindustani , his eyes gleaming as black as anthracite , pointing at his neck occasionally and shaking his head , as if over an unusually successful jest .
[also] , he was chuckling and making humorous observations to fleury in hindustani , his eyes gleaming as black as anthracite , pointing at his neck occasionally and shaking his head , as if over an unusually successful jest .

Moreover he enjoyed sacred music too .
[also] he enjoyed sacred music too .

Moreover the two bishops standing at the foot of the throne had both been appointed for administrative work done in the King 's service .
[also] the two bishops standing at the foot of the throne had both been appointed for administrative work done in the king 's service .

Moreover , despite his comment on the Cistercians , Richard was a notably generous benefactor to them , as was pointed out by the chronicler from the Cistercian house at Coggeshall in Essex .
[also] , despite his comment on the cistercians , richard was a notably generous benefactor to them , as was pointed out by the chronicler from the cistercian house at coggeshall in essex .

Moreover in the years 1176–7 he was taking a keen interest in the competing politics of the Spanish kingdoms and he may well have instructed Richard to ensure that the great road south from Bordeaux to the Pyrenees was kept open for travellers of all sorts , pilgrims , traders and couriers .
[also] in the years 1176–7 he was taking a keen interest in the competing politics of the spanish kingdoms and he may well have instructed richard to ensure that the great road south from bordeaux to the pyrenees was kept open for travellers of all sorts , pilgrims , traders and couriers .

Moreover , if Richard discussed peace on the assumption that he would be the heir to all his father 's dominions then he may well have re-activated very real differences of opinion which had lain dormant since the spring of 1185 .
[also] , if richard discussed peace on the assumption that he would be the heir to all his father 's dominions then he may well have re-activated very real differences of opinion which had lain dormant since the spring of 1185 .

Moreover , the event described in the clause following because will have happened before that described in the main clause , whereas the event described in the clause following so will have happened after that described in the main clause .
[also] , the event described in the clause following because will have happened before that described in the main clause , whereas the event described in the clause following so will have happened after that described in the main clause .

Moreover , children gave precedence to the matching rule in situations where it conflicted with another rule .
[also] , children gave precedence to the matching rule in situations where it conflicted with another rule .

Moreover , the findings from Stein and Trabasso 's ( 1982 ) study of children 's understanding of stories suggest that five-year-olds are able to use the matching rule to infer an intention from information about a result .
[also] , the findings from stein and trabasso 's ( 1982 ) study of children 's understanding of stories suggest that five-year-olds are able to use the matching rule to infer an intention from information about a result .

Moreover , it has been argued that whenever two or more people are together it is impossible not to communicate .
[also] , it has been argued that whenever two or more people are together it is impossible not to communicate .

Moreover , children are attracted to telephones which ‘ demand ’ to be picked up and spoken into , and the prohibitions which adults usually place on children 's use of these instruments serves only to enhance their attractiveness .
[also] , children are attracted to telephones which ‘ demand ’ to be picked up and spoken into , and the prohibitions which adults usually place on children 's use of these instruments serves only to enhance their attractiveness .

Moreover , they allow the adult participant to supply prompts and respond to difficulties which the child may appear to have in comprehending or replying .
[also] , they allow the adult participant to supply prompts and respond to difficulties which the child may appear to have in comprehending or replying .

Moreover , owing to the limitations of short-term memory , the context may be lost , and with it the basis for an attempt at constructing ‘ possible meanings ’ .
[also] , owing to the limitations of short-term memory , the context may be lost , and with it the basis for an attempt at constructing ‘ possible meanings ’ .

Moreover , many activities do little else than test word knowledge rather than teach it .
[also] , many activities do little else than test word knowledge rather than teach it .

However , space and time barriers also crumbled in the late nineteenth century through the electric telegraph and the early telephone and radio ; moreover the cinema film also featured easy transportability , while its scale economies quickly led to early single nation dominance ( by France ) .
however , space and time barriers also crumbled in the late nineteenth century through the electric telegraph and the early telephone and radio ; [also] the cinema film also featured easy transportability , while its scale economies quickly led to early single nation dominance ( by france ) .

It 's extremely difficult for me to think of women as people who do not work ; their work , moreover , is visible and comprehensible ; they can explain , or show to children what they do and how — unlike men , whose process of getting money is mysterious and hidden from view .
it 's extremely difficult for me to think of women as people who do not work ; their work , [also] , is visible and comprehensible ; they can explain , or show to children what they do and how — unlike men , whose process of getting money is mysterious and hidden from view .

Moreover he knew nothing about finance , and had no discernible claim to so senior an appointment .
[also] he knew nothing about finance , and had no discernible claim to so senior an appointment .

Moreover the conventional presumption is for continuity with respect to bilateral treaties , and for new States formed through union or dissolution of existing States .
[also] the conventional presumption is for continuity with respect to bilateral treaties , and for new states formed through union or dissolution of existing states .

And moreover Clara had even seen in the phrase some dim , far-off flicker of comfort , because , harsh though it was , it was not without a consoling figurative literary beauty .
and [also] clara had even seen in the phrase some dim , far-off flicker of comfort , because , harsh though it was , it was not without a consoling figurative literary beauty .

Moreover , children 's stories and advertisements never offered any true complication , and it was complication , in the absence of conviction , that she was seeking .
[also] , children 's stories and advertisements never offered any true complication , and it was complication , in the absence of conviction , that she was seeking .

So Martin and his abandoned baby had moved into the Denham household , and they had moreover stayed there .
so martin and his abandoned baby had moved into the denham household , and they had [also] stayed there .

Moreover , not only would Vietnamese interests be subordinate to those of France but the French Communist Party in turn was expected to follow a policy which was subordinate to that of international communism : in a word , Comintern policy .
[also] , not only would vietnamese interests be subordinate to those of france but the french communist party in turn was expected to follow a policy which was subordinate to that of international communism : in a word , comintern policy .

At the same time , as de Lattre was to repeat constantly to mostly more important Americans , France was an ally and an ally , moreover , that was not far off the point of victory in Vietnam .
at the same time , as de lattre was to repeat constantly to mostly more important americans , france was an ally and an ally , [also] , that was not far off the point of victory in vietnam .

Moreover , the magnitude of a sexual problem may vary from one person to another according to the extent of sexual urge and sexual need .
[also] , the magnitude of a sexual problem may vary from one person to another according to the extent of sexual urge and sexual need .

Moreover , physical contact , if it proceeds at all , will almost inevitably reach the point of physical stimulation of their sexual parts , so that now the reflex component also comes into play .
[also] , physical contact , if it proceeds at all , will almost inevitably reach the point of physical stimulation of their sexual parts , so that now the reflex component also comes into play .

Moreover , there is such a difference between one man and another that the man of 70 may still be at a higher level than the man of 20 at his peak : although the latter , starting so to speak from a lower level , will normally reach the later age at a much lower point than the former .
[also] , there is such a difference between one man and another that the man of 70 may still be at a higher level than the man of 20 at his peak : although the latter , starting so to speak from a lower level , will normally reach the later age at a much lower point than the former .

Moreover , the social worker intervenes from `` above `` .
[also] , the social worker intervenes from `` above `` .

Moreover there is always a chance that repressed or submerged feeling can well up — with added force and disastrous effect .
[also] there is always a chance that repressed or submerged feeling can well up — with added force and disastrous effect .

Moreover , said Clive , twice a week was less often than was normal and other men boasted of far more frequency in sex with their wives .
[also] , said clive , twice a week was less often than was normal and other men boasted of far more frequency in sex with their wives .

Moreover his duties had become more onerous for he was now teaching — still free of charge as the Founder 's will required — pupils from outside the area of the `` towne of Stopforde [ and ] of other Townes thereabout `` which had originally been stipulated .
[also] his duties had become more onerous for he was now teaching — still free of charge as the founder 's will required — pupils from outside the area of the `` towne of stopforde [ and ] of other townes thereabout `` which had originally been stipulated .

Moreover , Calvin Coolidge , the Vice-President who took over from Harding , was a New Englander of puritanical honesty who had won national fame by saying , when the Boston police went on strike in 1919 , that there was `` no right to strike against the public safety by anybody , anywhere , any time `` .
[also] , calvin coolidge , the vice-president who took over from harding , was a new englander of puritanical honesty who had won national fame by saying , when the boston police went on strike in 1919 , that there was `` no right to strike against the public safety by anybody , anywhere , any time `` .

Moreover , Truman was ready to act decisively , following the advice of the card which he displayed prominently on his desk : `` The buck stops here `` .
[also] , truman was ready to act decisively , following the advice of the card which he displayed prominently on his desk : `` the buck stops here `` .

Moreover , it had serious consequences abroad .
[also] , it had serious consequences abroad .

Moreover , criminal violence showed no signs of abating : statistics revealed that in 1972 , for example , there was in the United States a murder every 28 minutes , a rape every 11 minutes and a car theft every 36 seconds .
[also] , criminal violence showed no signs of abating : statistics revealed that in 1972 , for example , there was in the united states a murder every 28 minutes , a rape every 11 minutes and a car theft every 36 seconds .

Moreover it inevitably ran into difficulties and criticism in the early 1980s when the American economy was in serious trouble — with a steep rise in oil prices and no agreement on how to conserve energy , and with inflation , unemployment and interest rates all running at a high level .
[also] it inevitably ran into difficulties and criticism in the early 1980s when the american economy was in serious trouble — with a steep rise in oil prices and no agreement on how to conserve energy , and with inflation , unemployment and interest rates all running at a high level .

Moreover , if we adopted the first solution and applied it throughout , e would become ( the first three elements have been assumed zero ) which is clearly quite unacceptable for the later measurements .
[also] , if we adopted the first solution and applied it throughout , e would become ( the first three elements have been assumed zero ) which is clearly quite unacceptable for the later measurements .

Moreover , the trivial eigenproblem gives a first approximation to 1 as the Rayleigh quotient .
[also] , the trivial eigenproblem gives a first approximation to 1 as the rayleigh quotient .

Moreover the role of quantification depends on how necessary it is to prove one 's point .
[also] the role of quantification depends on how necessary it is to prove one 's point .

In comparison with the other two passages , this one has a rather low frequency of nouns ( 4 ) ; moreover , over half of these nouns are abstract ( 20 ) , referring to entities which exist on a social or psychological plane : effort , subject , terms , money , feelings and aristocracy all occur in the first sentence .
in comparison with the other two passages , this one has a rather low frequency of nouns ( 4 ) ; [also] , over half of these nouns are abstract ( 20 ) , referring to entities which exist on a social or psychological plane : effort , subject , terms , money , feelings and aristocracy all occur in the first sentence .

Moreover , we have included only three of the four sections of our `` checklist `` presented in section 3.1 ( p75–80 ) .
[also] , we have included only three of the four sections of our `` checklist `` presented in section 3.1 ( p75–80 ) .

Non-enthusiasts , moreover , have sourly claimed for some decades that attention often centres on the glossiest , latest and most expensive format : film and closed-circuit television , rather than filmstrip , record or slide .
non-enthusiasts , [also] , have sourly claimed for some decades that attention often centres on the glossiest , latest and most expensive format : film and closed-circuit television , rather than filmstrip , record or slide .

Moreover , as used in teaching machines or books , the method gave little scope for the use of senses other than sight , or of other media , or of the fruitful interaction between students and with teachers , which is the main justification of classroom teaching .
[also] , as used in teaching machines or books , the method gave little scope for the use of senses other than sight , or of other media , or of the fruitful interaction between students and with teachers , which is the main justification of classroom teaching .

Moreover , as Hirst has suggested , it is not by any means certain that more knowledge in itself would help ; disagreement among supposed experts suggests that in fact we are comparing differing practices , differing values , differing approaches , and that in the end we shall come down to a series of judgements in which personal preferences will play their part .
[also] , as hirst has suggested , it is not by any means certain that more knowledge in itself would help ; disagreement among supposed experts suggests that in fact we are comparing differing practices , differing values , differing approaches , and that in the end we shall come down to a series of judgements in which personal preferences will play their part .

Moreover , as far as possible these units have to be planned with the knowledge of the personalities involved and their likely responses to the exercise .
[also] , as far as possible these units have to be planned with the knowledge of the personalities involved and their likely responses to the exercise .

Moreover the teacher asks , What can we make ?
[also] the teacher asks , what can we make ?

Moreover , the pupil or student equally has questions , especially if his assignment is of an open-ended kind , or if his teacher has included ( as one hopes he increasingly will ) the objectives of developing autonomy and self-confidence in research in his instructional design .
[also] , the pupil or student equally has questions , especially if his assignment is of an open-ended kind , or if his teacher has included ( as one hopes he increasingly will ) the objectives of developing autonomy and self-confidence in research in his instructional design .

Moreover , to say that a set of activities and skills partakes of the general discipline of librarianship is not the same thing as saying that all people who have ever been trained as librarians can perform them , or that they must be performed by people whose training is only that of the professional librarian .
[also] , to say that a set of activities and skills partakes of the general discipline of librarianship is not the same thing as saying that all people who have ever been trained as librarians can perform them , or that they must be performed by people whose training is only that of the professional librarian .

Moreover , in the humanities and much professional and social science literature , titles are by no means the precise description of the subject matter that one usually expects in Nature ; in a notorious example , an article on information retrieval appeared in the Library Association Record entitled `` How golden is your retriever ? ``
[also] , in the humanities and much professional and social science literature , titles are by no means the precise description of the subject matter that one usually expects in nature ; in a notorious example , an article on information retrieval appeared in the library association record entitled `` how golden is your retriever ? ``

Moreover , in acting as a teacher the librarian was offering structured and directed courses with declared objectives , and frequently with examined results .
[also] , in acting as a teacher the librarian was offering structured and directed courses with declared objectives , and frequently with examined results .

Moreover , regular consultation will be essential between those who are `` mainly `` tutors and those who are `` mainly `` librarians … ( Beswick 1967 : 200 . )
[also] , regular consultation will be essential between those who are `` mainly `` tutors and those who are `` mainly `` librarians … ( beswick 1967 : 200 . )

Moreover , few types of resource-based learning are as clearcut as perhaps they sound to the newcomer ; there is always the possibility , indeed the likelihood , that at any one point the teacher may find it necessary to intervene , to establish a point , to correct a set of errors , to reinforce an insight , or to bring in an additional set of experiences , including the experience of argument and group debate while the interest is hot .
[also] , few types of resource-based learning are as clearcut as perhaps they sound to the newcomer ; there is always the possibility , indeed the likelihood , that at any one point the teacher may find it necessary to intervene , to establish a point , to correct a set of errors , to reinforce an insight , or to bring in an additional set of experiences , including the experience of argument and group debate while the interest is hot .

Moreover , how does a scientist think ?
[also] , how does a scientist think ?

Moreover , it should not be forgotten that if the teacher is `` a resource `` as well as books , audio-visual materials and three-dimensional items , then a similar claim can very properly be made for items of resource equipment .
[also] , it should not be forgotten that if the teacher is `` a resource `` as well as books , audio-visual materials and three-dimensional items , then a similar claim can very properly be made for items of resource equipment .

Moreover they and their supporters were still present in Bonar Law 's party , so that the scale of the real change would be heavily circumscribed .
[also] they and their supporters were still present in bonar law 's party , so that the scale of the real change would be heavily circumscribed .

Moreover , if we explore the course of English Literature , if we consider from what source its stream has sprung , by what tributaries it has been fed , and with how rich and full current it has come down to us , we shall see that it has other advantages not to be found elsewhere .
[also] , if we explore the course of english literature , if we consider from what source its stream has sprung , by what tributaries it has been fed , and with how rich and full current it has come down to us , we shall see that it has other advantages not to be found elsewhere .

Moreover , some young post-modernist artists had intended to use it in their performances .
[also] , some young post-modernist artists had intended to use it in their performances .

Moreover , Venetian sculpture at this period was dominated by craftsmen from Lombardy , and a number of Lombard painters are known to have produced works for Venetian clients , among them Andrea Solario , Marco d'Oggiono , Francesco Napoletano and Giovanni Agostino da Lodi , whose panel of ‘ Christ washing the Apostles ’ feet ’ from the Accademia , painted in 1500 , has just been restored .
[also] , venetian sculpture at this period was dominated by craftsmen from lombardy , and a number of lombard painters are known to have produced works for venetian clients , among them andrea solario , marco d'oggiono , francesco napoletano and giovanni agostino da lodi , whose panel of ‘ christ washing the apostles ’ feet ’ from the accademia , painted in 1500 , has just been restored .

‘ Moreover , it has to provide the population with accurate and balanced information about important developments in the country , the region and worldwide , ’ she added .
‘ [also] , it has to provide the population with accurate and balanced information about important developments in the country , the region and worldwide , ’ she added .

Some of those scholars , moreover , were Englishmen and some of them certainly served as proctors and representatives of the Plantagenets at Paris .
some of those scholars , [also] , were englishmen and some of them certainly served as proctors and representatives of the plantagenets at paris .

Moreover there is a well-established pattern of gender-differentiated criminal behaviour .
[also] there is a well-established pattern of gender-differentiated criminal behaviour .

Moreover , slight degrees of guilt/worry/anxiety about failures to observe housework standards and routines were also expressed by some women in the low specification group .
[also] , slight degrees of guilt/worry/anxiety about failures to observe housework standards and routines were also expressed by some women in the low specification group .

‘ Moreover , it has to provide the population with accurate and balanced information about important developments in the country , the region and worldwide , ’ she added .
‘ [also] , it has to provide the population with accurate and balanced information about important developments in the country , the region and worldwide , ’ she added .

Moreover , some sharers will change housing during the year by offering their room to another without prior discussion .
[also] , some sharers will change housing during the year by offering their room to another without prior discussion .

Moreover , those acting for the politicians similarly have a capacity to play an active role .
[also] , those acting for the politicians similarly have a capacity to play an active role .

Moreover , it is very difficult to explain moves like the phasing out of the United States Civil Aeronautics Board ( discussed in chapter 7 ) in terms of this theory .
[also] , it is very difficult to explain moves like the phasing out of the united states civil aeronautics board ( discussed in chapter 7 ) in terms of this theory .

All this is not to deny that perfect contestability provides a benchmark , moreover an extremely important one as we shall see shortly .
all this is not to deny that perfect contestability provides a benchmark , [also] an extremely important one as we shall see shortly .

Moreover , their viewpoint has had a considerable impact upon practical regulatory policy .
[also] , their viewpoint has had a considerable impact upon practical regulatory policy .

Moreover , the immediate benefits that the manager gains in a firm by lowering his ex post marginal product below the ex ante one are likely to be outweighed by the losses to the firm as a result , if only because this manager is a member of a team whose marginal products are interdependent .
[also] , the immediate benefits that the manager gains in a firm by lowering his ex post marginal product below the ex ante one are likely to be outweighed by the losses to the firm as a result , if only because this manager is a member of a team whose marginal products are interdependent .

Moreover , it is difficult for anyone but the manager to have available all the information he or she has taken into account at the point of decision , and hence it is difficult to monitor the manager .
[also] , it is difficult for anyone but the manager to have available all the information he or she has taken into account at the point of decision , and hence it is difficult to monitor the manager .

Moreover , if in practice the employees under some organizational forms are more powerful than those under other regimes ( e. g. unions have more representation in nationalized firms ) , then this may well lead to above normal earnings/employment conditions , and so higher costs ( see McDonald and Solow , 1981 ) .
[also] , if in practice the employees under some organizational forms are more powerful than those under other regimes ( e. g. unions have more representation in nationalized firms ) , then this may well lead to above normal earnings/employment conditions , and so higher costs ( see mcdonald and solow , 1981 ) .

Moreover , the agent is in a better position to know this than , at least , production workers .
[also] , the agent is in a better position to know this than , at least , production workers .

Moreover , the analysis of this chapter suggests that efficiency is likely to differ under different regulatory regimes .
[also] , the analysis of this chapter suggests that efficiency is likely to differ under different regulatory regimes .

Moreover , the reward is in line with the improvement in social welfare since the total improvement in welfare is the area between the demand curve and ( the dashed curve in figure 4.5 ) up to y 1 minus the area between demand and up to .
[also] , the reward is in line with the improvement in social welfare since the total improvement in welfare is the area between the demand curve and ( the dashed curve in figure 4.5 ) up to y 1 minus the area between demand and up to .

Moreover , with a variety of acoustic transducers in use there is yet no agreement on performance characteristics : different microphones can produce different acoustic signals , and these need to be standardised .
[also] , with a variety of acoustic transducers in use there is yet no agreement on performance characteristics : different microphones can produce different acoustic signals , and these need to be standardised .

Moreover , the t-test is quite strict , as are the levels of significance selected for this investigation ( and others ) .
[also] , the t-test is quite strict , as are the levels of significance selected for this investigation ( and others ) .

Moreover , the choice of filter set is not at all fixed ( e.g .
[also] , the choice of filter set is not at all fixed ( e.g .

Moreover , it is desirable to quantify the degree of reciprocity between domains — i.e .
[also] , it is desirable to quantify the degree of reciprocity between domains — i.e .

Moreover , the duke 's authority was expected to be only temporary .
[also] , the duke 's authority was expected to be only temporary .

The north , moreover , was not only united but united behind the king since Gloucester was pre-eminently the king 's man .
the north , [also] , was not only united but united behind the king since gloucester was pre-eminently the king 's man .

Among those who did receive grants , moreover , most received them in areas where they already had influence .
among those who did receive grants , [also] , most received them in areas where they already had influence .

Moreover , the instinctual ( or ‘ drive reduction ’ ) model has been embraced by all shades of opinion , from the conservative moralist anxious to control this unruly force to the Freudian left ( Wilhelm Reich , Herbert Marcuse , Erich Fromm ) wanting to ‘ liberate ’ sexuality from its capitalist and patriarchal constraints .
[also] , the instinctual ( or ‘ drive reduction ’ ) model has been embraced by all shades of opinion , from the conservative moralist anxious to control this unruly force to the freudian left ( wilhelm reich , herbert marcuse , erich fromm ) wanting to ‘ liberate ’ sexuality from its capitalist and patriarchal constraints .

Moreover , in the stress on the pluralism of institutions and practices that organise sexuality , he goes further towards a neo-functionalism , and Foucault at times seems in danger of meeting up , as Nicos Poulantzas has put it , ‘ with an old tradition of Anglo-Saxon sociology and political science , running from functionalism to institutionalism — from Parsons , to Merton , Dahl , Lasswell , and Etzioni — a tradition in which the centre of analysis is shifted from the state towards the ‘ pluralism of micropowers ’ .
[also] , in the stress on the pluralism of institutions and practices that organise sexuality , he goes further towards a neo-functionalism , and foucault at times seems in danger of meeting up , as nicos poulantzas has put it , ‘ with an old tradition of anglo-saxon sociology and political science , running from functionalism to institutionalism — from parsons , to merton , dahl , lasswell , and etzioni — a tradition in which the centre of analysis is shifted from the state towards the ‘ pluralism of micropowers ’ .

Moreover , far from being simply denied in the nineteenth century , sex acquires a peculiar significance in structuring ideology and social and political practices , and in shaping individual responses .
[also] , far from being simply denied in the nineteenth century , sex acquires a peculiar significance in structuring ideology and social and political practices , and in shaping individual responses .

Moreover , there were strong elements of continuity , especially with regard to the central organising significance of Christianity which from the early days of Christendom to the present has structured basic beliefs and formed the framework within which law and custom ( if not always behaviour ) have operated .
[also] , there were strong elements of continuity , especially with regard to the central organising significance of christianity which from the early days of christendom to the present has structured basic beliefs and formed the framework within which law and custom ( if not always behaviour ) have operated .

Moreover , these structures are the creation of a variety of social practices : economic , ideological , educational , medical and legislative .
[also] , these structures are the creation of a variety of social practices : economic , ideological , educational , medical and legislative .

The lack of sex segregation and the late hours moreover , had bad effect not only on unmarried but also on married women .
the lack of sex segregation and the late hours [also] , had bad effect not only on unmarried but also on married women .

Moreover , most attention was paid not to the conditions of work as such but to the moral and spiritual degradation said to accompany female employment .
[also] , most attention was paid not to the conditions of work as such but to the moral and spiritual degradation said to accompany female employment .

Moreover , so successful were the numerous methods for delaying marriage ( the mean age of which , by the early twentieth century was higher than at any other time in British history , 27 for men and 25 for women ) , that for the typical Edwardian the gap between leaving school and the full independence of marriage was twice as long as it is today .
[also] , so successful were the numerous methods for delaying marriage ( the mean age of which , by the early twentieth century was higher than at any other time in british history , 27 for men and 25 for women ) , that for the typical edwardian the gap between leaving school and the full independence of marriage was twice as long as it is today .

Such forms of entertainment , moreover , sharply reflected many of the contradictions of working-class marriage and sexual life .
such forms of entertainment , [also] , sharply reflected many of the contradictions of working-class marriage and sexual life .

There was moreover a great reluctance to intervene in the family itself .
there was [also] a great reluctance to intervene in the family itself .

These , moreover , were designed not to prevent prostitution but to provide a degree of state regulation , with the aim of curtailing venereal disease .
these , [also] , were designed not to prevent prostitution but to provide a degree of state regulation , with the aim of curtailing venereal disease .

Moreover a series of causes and scandals sustained them — from the iniquities of the Contagious Diseases Acts to the scandalous leniency meted out to high-class ‘ madams ’ , from the exploitation and abduction of young girls in the White Slave Trade to the marriage and other scandals of those in high places : the divorce case of Charles Dilke in 1886 ; of the Irish leader Parnell in 1890 ; the scandal of the Cleveland Street homosexual brothel , 1889–90 , said to involve the eldest son of the heir to the throne ; and the Tranby Croft gambling scandal of 1891 , which involved the Prince of Wales himself .
[also] a series of causes and scandals sustained them — from the iniquities of the contagious diseases acts to the scandalous leniency meted out to high-class ‘ madams ’ , from the exploitation and abduction of young girls in the white slave trade to the marriage and other scandals of those in high places : the divorce case of charles dilke in 1886 ; of the irish leader parnell in 1890 ; the scandal of the cleveland street homosexual brothel , 1889–90 , said to involve the eldest son of the heir to the throne ; and the tranby croft gambling scandal of 1891 , which involved the prince of wales himself .

Moreover , the child is left free to listen to these songs when he likes .
[also] , the child is left free to listen to these songs when he likes .

An attitude may , moreover , fluctuate over time , being influenced by experience as to what ‘ works ’ .
an attitude may , [also] , fluctuate over time , being influenced by experience as to what ‘ works ’ .

Moreover , far from being an ‘ unproductive ’ diversion from the labour market , bringing up a family should ‘ count ’ as relevant experience .
[also] , far from being an ‘ unproductive ’ diversion from the labour market , bringing up a family should ‘ count ’ as relevant experience .

Moreover , other territories were taken up with their own internal problems .
[also] , other territories were taken up with their own internal problems .

Moreover , social values and structures have shown a remarkable ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment .
[also] , social values and structures have shown a remarkable ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment .

Japan did not , moreover , have a primate city that accounted for most of the urban population .
japan did not , [also] , have a primate city that accounted for most of the urban population .

Moreover , the dependence of their prosperity on the status quo discouraged merchants from attempting to end their exclusion from overt political power and social pre-eminence .
[also] , the dependence of their prosperity on the status quo discouraged merchants from attempting to end their exclusion from overt political power and social pre-eminence .

Moreover , they were largely deprived of the stability and continuity of traditional rural life .
[also] , they were largely deprived of the stability and continuity of traditional rural life .

Moreover , much of the growing industrial labour force was not of urban origin .
[also] , much of the growing industrial labour force was not of urban origin .

Moreover , following the discrediting of the official ideology after Japan 's defeat , the concept of the farming family as the haven of traditional virtue and morality lost much of its influence .
[also] , following the discrediting of the official ideology after japan 's defeat , the concept of the farming family as the haven of traditional virtue and morality lost much of its influence .

Moreover , except in the context of a common market they are not thought to be of interest to outsiders .
[also] , except in the context of a common market they are not thought to be of interest to outsiders .

Moreover , confinement of the test of internationality to a single factor enlarges the scope of the Convention , which is an important policy objective .
[also] , confinement of the test of internationality to a single factor enlarges the scope of the convention , which is an important policy objective .

Moreover , the Company Act seeks to encourage foreign investment specifically by providing that a less-than-majority stake does not need government approval — an incentive , of course , to joint ventures .
[also] , the company act seeks to encourage foreign investment specifically by providing that a less-than-majority stake does not need government approval — an incentive , of course , to joint ventures .

Moreover , an inconclusive rule might well lead to a preference for uncertainty , if that can be positively exploited .
[also] , an inconclusive rule might well lead to a preference for uncertainty , if that can be positively exploited .

Moreover , to tie a biblical text , even conjecturally , to a particular scientific theory was the very tendency he had warned against .
[also] , to tie a biblical text , even conjecturally , to a particular scientific theory was the very tendency he had warned against .

Moreover , it was possible to reconstruct a universe in which Christian doctrines remained intact , even if the imagery through which they had been expressed was gradually discarded .
[also] , it was possible to reconstruct a universe in which christian doctrines remained intact , even if the imagery through which they had been expressed was gradually discarded .

Moreover , departmental rivalries are endemic in the style of central government whereby competitive bids are made for limited financial resources .
[also] , departmental rivalries are endemic in the style of central government whereby competitive bids are made for limited financial resources .

Moreover , if capital punishment were abolished in this country , it would be difficult to justify its retention in the Colonies and in the British Zone of Germany .
[also] , if capital punishment were abolished in this country , it would be difficult to justify its retention in the colonies and in the british zone of germany .

Moreover , experience shows that imprisonment for more than about ten years is liable to have so deleterious an effect on the prisoner that longer detention should be avoided whenever possible .
[also] , experience shows that imprisonment for more than about ten years is liable to have so deleterious an effect on the prisoner that longer detention should be avoided whenever possible .

Moreover , they could count on widespread support on the Labour benches of the House of Commons where abolition was a popular cause .
[also] , they could count on widespread support on the labour benches of the house of commons where abolition was a popular cause .

Moreover , death caused by poisoning , the most pre-meditated of all murders , was exempted from liability to capital punishment .
[also] , death caused by poisoning , the most pre-meditated of all murders , was exempted from liability to capital punishment .

Moreover , system technology is capable of reducing the time needed to respond to changes in demand or to serve orders .
[also] , system technology is capable of reducing the time needed to respond to changes in demand or to serve orders .

Moreover , the leading multinationals have been able to gain critical efficiencies in financing the whole system .
[also] , the leading multinationals have been able to gain critical efficiencies in financing the whole system .

Moreover , the excessive resort to public ownership is a drag on economic development .
[also] , the excessive resort to public ownership is a drag on economic development .

Moreover , the record was mixed .
[also] , the record was mixed .

Moreover , greater efficiencies in communication can make it relatively easier to control subcontractors and to separate parts of the vertical chain of supply into more bite-sized pieces .
[also] , greater efficiencies in communication can make it relatively easier to control subcontractors and to separate parts of the vertical chain of supply into more bite-sized pieces .

Moreover , national conditions have quite different effects on firms , depending on whether they are seeking markets , resources or efficiency .
[also] , national conditions have quite different effects on firms , depending on whether they are seeking markets , resources or efficiency .

Moreover , overcapacity reduced margins during the 1980s when the real costs of construction rose , thus creating higher barriers to entry .
[also] , overcapacity reduced margins during the 1980s when the real costs of construction rose , thus creating higher barriers to entry .

Moreover , system investments have created economies of scale where few existed before and have begun to make it more possible to derive benefit from global ‘ scope ’ .
[also] , system investments have created economies of scale where few existed before and have begun to make it more possible to derive benefit from global ‘ scope ’ .

Moreover , it is only recently that some have engaged in such strategic thinking at all .
[also] , it is only recently that some have engaged in such strategic thinking at all .

Moreover , many poorer countries have increased restrictions , though some have felt forced by external shocks to begin to look outwards .
[also] , many poorer countries have increased restrictions , though some have felt forced by external shocks to begin to look outwards .

Moreover , some multinationals , such as the textile group Coats-Viyella , which had virtually stopped investing in Brazil , were lured by debt/equity swaps into putting new money into their subsidiaries at a very substantial discount — in that case , 41 per cent .
[also] , some multinationals , such as the textile group coats-viyella , which had virtually stopped investing in brazil , were lured by debt/equity swaps into putting new money into their subsidiaries at a very substantial discount — in that case , 41 per cent .

Moreover , the privatised firms had seldom showed the expected gains .
[also] , the privatised firms had seldom showed the expected gains .

Moreover , while upper management may be reliable political appointees , Asians ( and a few Europeans ) still dominate the ranks of senior textile engineers .
[also] , while upper management may be reliable political appointees , asians ( and a few europeans ) still dominate the ranks of senior textile engineers .

Moreover , Hollywood 's portrayal of Vietnam has largely avoided recreations of actual , large-scale operations in favour of smaller , more anonymous engagements .
[also] , hollywood 's portrayal of vietnam has largely avoided recreations of actual , large-scale operations in favour of smaller , more anonymous engagements .

Moreover these children are deprived intellectually by such an upbringing : ‘ Thus , a context-dependent teaching style on the part of the mothers is associated with a lesser development of an ability to form conceptual and linguistic abstractions on the part of the children ’ ( ibid .
[also] these children are deprived intellectually by such an upbringing : ‘ thus , a context-dependent teaching style on the part of the mothers is associated with a lesser development of an ability to form conceptual and linguistic abstractions on the part of the children ’ ( ibid .

Moreover , it is only one convention amongst many .
[also] , it is only one convention amongst many .

Moreover , an explicit claim to multiple points of view tells us nothing about the actual practice of using them .
[also] , an explicit claim to multiple points of view tells us nothing about the actual practice of using them .

Moreover , particular examples of the use or non-use of multiple points of view are not necessarily indicators of cognitive deprivation .
[also] , particular examples of the use or non-use of multiple points of view are not necessarily indicators of cognitive deprivation .

Moreover , although what they are testing other people for are their own conventions , their own work does not necessarily provide evidence of them in practice .
[also] , although what they are testing other people for are their own conventions , their own work does not necessarily provide evidence of them in practice .

Moreover , the representation of literate practice that is offered by writers like Olson , Hildyard and Greenfield is a limited one in relation to the whole range of literate practices that could be described .
[also] , the representation of literate practice that is offered by writers like olson , hildyard and greenfield is a limited one in relation to the whole range of literate practices that could be described .

Moreover , there are serious theoretical problems in attempting to isolate those intellectual factors that might be held to account for social change , apart from then attempting to associate these factors with particular social groups on the one hand or with literacy on the other .
[also] , there are serious theoretical problems in attempting to isolate those intellectual factors that might be held to account for social change , apart from then attempting to associate these factors with particular social groups on the one hand or with literacy on the other .

Moreover , members of other cultures are understood to be themselves active participants in such model building and so their social and linguistic ‘ grammars ’ have to be taken into account also .
[also] , members of other cultures are understood to be themselves active participants in such model building and so their social and linguistic ‘ grammars ’ have to be taken into account also .

Moreover , Lyons himself does make explicit appeal to the characteristics of literacy in his description of ‘ objectivity ’ .
[also] , lyons himself does make explicit appeal to the characteristics of literacy in his description of ‘ objectivity ’ .

Moreover , these material objects were ‘ known ’ to generations of those for whom the land rights that they validated were important .
[also] , these material objects were ‘ known ’ to generations of those for whom the land rights that they validated were important .

Moreover , the very form of the text itself is important to its meaning .
[also] , the very form of the text itself is important to its meaning .

Our own bulk chemical businesses vary between some which are very good , because most of the competition has abandoned the field , and some which are very bad , because they are in areas which are attracting new entrants the whole time , and moreover , new entrants who are seeking to compete in either a slow-growing or non-growing market .
our own bulk chemical businesses vary between some which are very good , because most of the competition has abandoned the field , and some which are very bad , because they are in areas which are attracting new entrants the whole time , and [also] , new entrants who are seeking to compete in either a slow-growing or non-growing market .

Moreover the ideal geographical balance gives one almost automatically the best chance of picking up tomorrow 's trends early .
[also] the ideal geographical balance gives one almost automatically the best chance of picking up tomorrow 's trends early .

Moreover , the gradients were observed even among managerial and executive staff ( grade categories 1–4 ) .
[also] , the gradients were observed even among managerial and executive staff ( grade categories 1–4 ) .

Moreover , by choosing an option that has been shown to be the best in terms of quality of life days gained general practitioners would be more certain that they were acting with beneficence ; at present , using simply their ‘ unaided intuitive judgment ’ to make such decisions , they can only hope that this is the case .
[also] , by choosing an option that has been shown to be the best in terms of quality of life days gained general practitioners would be more certain that they were acting with beneficence ; at present , using simply their ‘ unaided intuitive judgment ’ to make such decisions , they can only hope that this is the case .

Moreover , the constant updating of such a huge work by repeated republication in revised form would be merely to perpetuate the inherent inadequacies of the old system .
[also] , the constant updating of such a huge work by repeated republication in revised form would be merely to perpetuate the inherent inadequacies of the old system .

Moreover , there are statutory , personal and interpersonal limits to the power and manager can exercise .
[also] , there are statutory , personal and interpersonal limits to the power and manager can exercise .

Moreover , the balance between the task and maintenance behaviours is central to the output of the whole section .
[also] , the balance between the task and maintenance behaviours is central to the output of the whole section .

Moreover the story is basically one of the dynamics of medical specialisation — London 's story of hidden ( and not so hidden ) subspecialties is even more apparent in Paris .
[also] the story is basically one of the dynamics of medical specialisation — london 's story of hidden ( and not so hidden ) subspecialties is even more apparent in paris .

In recent years , moreover , the incidence of backbench revolts among government supporters has increased and the House of Lords has more than once demonstrated an inclination to go its own way .
in recent years , [also] , the incidence of backbench revolts among government supporters has increased and the house of lords has more than once demonstrated an inclination to go its own way .

In specific policy areas , moreover , these committee leaders are likely to be the more important political actors , fully capable of destroying a president 's legislative proposals .
in specific policy areas , [also] , these committee leaders are likely to be the more important political actors , fully capable of destroying a president 's legislative proposals .

party leaders , moreover , are provided with an array of rewards and sanctions that can be used to bring rank-and-file members into line .
party leaders , [also] , are provided with an array of rewards and sanctions that can be used to bring rank-and-file members into line .

Departments , moreover , are not easily moved in new directions by the outsiders that presidents set over them .
departments , [also] , are not easily moved in new directions by the outsiders that presidents set over them .

In recent decades , moreover , the difficulties in these matters have been especially acute for Republican presidents for the simple reason that few senior civil servants are Republicans .
in recent decades , [also] , the difficulties in these matters have been especially acute for republican presidents for the simple reason that few senior civil servants are republicans .

In practice , moreover , presidents have shown the War Powers Act scant respect ; nevertheless , in the context of 1973 , it was a symbolically important reassertion of congressional prerogative .
in practice , [also] , presidents have shown the war powers act scant respect ; nevertheless , in the context of 1973 , it was a symbolically important reassertion of congressional prerogative .

Parties , moreover , have lost some of their functions to television .
parties , [also] , have lost some of their functions to television .

’ It was essential , moreover , that the executive should , as far as possible , remain in charge of the budgetary process to ensure that the final product , as far as possible , reflected the president 's economic policy preferences rather than those of the legislature .
’ it was essential , [also] , that the executive should , as far as possible , remain in charge of the budgetary process to ensure that the final product , as far as possible , reflected the president 's economic policy preferences rather than those of the legislature .

Moreover , the struggle for control of what little surplus was produced gave rise to various forms of bonded labour which created further barriers to economic development .
[also] , the struggle for control of what little surplus was produced gave rise to various forms of bonded labour which created further barriers to economic development .

Moreover , the early sixteenth century saw tentative signs of further differentiation .
[also] , the early sixteenth century saw tentative signs of further differentiation .

Moreover , as with the rank-and-file townsmen , the State 's bureaucratic weakness led it to impose crippling burdens on the leading merchants .
[also] , as with the rank-and-file townsmen , the state 's bureaucratic weakness led it to impose crippling burdens on the leading merchants .

Moreover , by turning the most prosperous commoners into semi-bureaucrats exempt from taxation , it alienated potential urban leaders from the mass of townsmen .
[also] , by turning the most prosperous commoners into semi-bureaucrats exempt from taxation , it alienated potential urban leaders from the mass of townsmen .

Moreover , pressure for reform had already arisen within the Russian Church .
[also] , pressure for reform had already arisen within the russian church .

Moreover , joint responsibility inhibited innovations in agricultural methods .
[also] , joint responsibility inhibited innovations in agricultural methods .

Moreover , the war rudely brought home the military cost of social and economic backwardness .
[also] , the war rudely brought home the military cost of social and economic backwardness .

Moreover , the process of organizing Emancipation had given the initiative within the central bureaucracy to a minority of officials who were enthusiastic about a broad programme of reform .
[also] , the process of organizing emancipation had given the initiative within the central bureaucracy to a minority of officials who were enthusiastic about a broad programme of reform .

Moreover , the peasantry were proving more acquiescent than had been expected , and the government was responding to the financial concern of the nobility with a variety of measures including plans to establish provincial banks .
[also] , the peasantry were proving more acquiescent than had been expected , and the government was responding to the financial concern of the nobility with a variety of measures including plans to establish provincial banks .

Moreover , reluctant though most educated Russians were to admit it , there were clear signs that the urban migrants , village ties provided no guarantee against the emergence of that Western curse , a restive urban working class .
[also] , reluctant though most educated russians were to admit it , there were clear signs that the urban migrants , village ties provided no guarantee against the emergence of that western curse , a restive urban working class .

Moreover , when in 1870 urban administrative councils ( dumy ) analogous to the rural zemstvos were established , even the most prominent commoners tended to defer to the minority of nobles represented on the councils .
[also] , when in 1870 urban administrative councils ( dumy ) analogous to the rural zemstvos were established , even the most prominent commoners tended to defer to the minority of nobles represented on the councils .

Moreover , disciplinary measures proved counter-productive .
[also] , disciplinary measures proved counter-productive .

Moreover , by providing a sustained source of recruits they brought into being the radical subculture which revolved around discussion circles , experimental communes , and avant-garde journals .
[also] , by providing a sustained source of recruits they brought into being the radical subculture which revolved around discussion circles , experimental communes , and avant-garde journals .

Moreover , peasant resistance appeared to be the only social force that could conceivably transform Russia .
[also] , peasant resistance appeared to be the only social force that could conceivably transform russia .

Moreover , few believed that in avoiding capitalism Russia must forgo modern machinery and technology .
[also] , few believed that in avoiding capitalism russia must forgo modern machinery and technology .

Moreover , a marked tension developed between the predominantly Great Russian businessmen of the centre and the variety of mutually divided ethnic minorities operating on the periphery — including poles , Jews , Armenians , Greeks , and Tatars .
[also] , a marked tension developed between the predominantly great russian businessmen of the centre and the variety of mutually divided ethnic minorities operating on the periphery — including poles , jews , armenians , greeks , and tatars .

Moreover , their criticism of the arbitrary nature of the bureaucracy and autocracy seemed to correspond to the widespread dissatisfaction among the provincial nobility .
[also] , their criticism of the arbitrary nature of the bureaucracy and autocracy seemed to correspond to the widespread dissatisfaction among the provincial nobility .

Moreover , it was here that peasant incomes were most often supplemented by handicraft production making them less directly dependent upon the vagaries of the harvest .
[also] , it was here that peasant incomes were most often supplemented by handicraft production making them less directly dependent upon the vagaries of the harvest .

Moreover , the population tended to rise fastest where the shortage of land was already acute , notably in the black-earth provinces in which the peasantry had acquired least land at Emancipation .
[also] , the population tended to rise fastest where the shortage of land was already acute , notably in the black-earth provinces in which the peasantry had acquired least land at emancipation .

Moreover , within these areas workers were concentrated in large enterprises to a far greater extent than in the West .
[also] , within these areas workers were concentrated in large enterprises to a far greater extent than in the west .

Moreover , where labour disputes in small enterprises might cause little stir , stoppages in major plants proved highly contagious .
[also] , where labour disputes in small enterprises might cause little stir , stoppages in major plants proved highly contagious .

Moreover , the development of capitalism , both industrial and agricultural , and the polarization of social classes , was heartily to be welcomed .
[also] , the development of capitalism , both industrial and agricultural , and the polarization of social classes , was heartily to be welcomed .

Moreover , the vast majority of the peasantry were already semi-socialist : they were not yet persuaded of the need for collective farming , but they did reject private landownership and depended upon the labour of their own hands .
[also] , the vast majority of the peasantry were already semi-socialist : they were not yet persuaded of the need for collective farming , but they did reject private landownership and depended upon the labour of their own hands .

Moreover , the functions it took on within the capital — including the setting up of an armed militia , the publication of an uncensored newspaper , the imposition via the printers ' union of its own form of censorship , and above all the coordination of strike action — gave it the appearance of rivalling the authority of the government itself .
[also] , the functions it took on within the capital — including the setting up of an armed militia , the publication of an uncensored newspaper , the imposition via the printers ' union of its own form of censorship , and above all the coordination of strike action — gave it the appearance of rivalling the authority of the government itself .

Moreover , it is not true that under the new law there is a freeze on promotions .
[also] , it is not true that under the new law there is a freeze on promotions .

Moreover , he had not covered the whole of the sky accessible to him .
[also] , he had not covered the whole of the sky accessible to him .

Moreover , some of the names were curious — typical examples being Sceptrum Brandenburgicum ( the Sceptre of Brandenburg ) and Lochium Funis ( the Log Line ) .
[also] , some of the names were curious — typical examples being sceptrum brandenburgicum ( the sceptre of brandenburg ) and lochium funis ( the log line ) .

Moreover , studies of the spectra of the stars can tell us a great deal about their real luminosities , and hence about their distances ; once you know how powerful an object really is , and compare it with its apparent brilliancy , you can work out how far away it must be , provided that due allowance is made for complicating factors such as the absorption of light by material spread thinly through space .
[also] , studies of the spectra of the stars can tell us a great deal about their real luminosities , and hence about their distances ; once you know how powerful an object really is , and compare it with its apparent brilliancy , you can work out how far away it must be , provided that due allowance is made for complicating factors such as the absorption of light by material spread thinly through space .

Moreover many of them would be red , because globular clusters are very old , and their leading stars have evolved into the Red Giant stage .
[also] many of them would be red , because globular clusters are very old , and their leading stars have evolved into the red giant stage .

Moreover , to ensure that ‘ worst case ’ situations are encountered , only measurements during peak periods of use will be taken .
[also] , to ensure that ‘ worst case ’ situations are encountered , only measurements during peak periods of use will be taken .

Moreover they are difficult to get through to .
[also] they are difficult to get through to .

The initiating , moreover , is not simply a matter of beginning the text , but of initiating each new unit of the text in a way that has regard both for what precedes and for what a reader needs to know .
the initiating , [also] , is not simply a matter of beginning the text , but of initiating each new unit of the text in a way that has regard both for what precedes and for what a reader needs to know .

Moreover , if we make indiscriminate use of drafting , if it is invariably or artificially imposed , it may well lead to a child 's interest in writing declining .
[also] , if we make indiscriminate use of drafting , if it is invariably or artificially imposed , it may well lead to a child 's interest in writing declining .

Moreover having mastered the proof as it were `` locally `` it should now not be too difficult to master it `` globally `` by identifying the key points that make the proof work .
[also] having mastered the proof as it were `` locally `` it should now not be too difficult to master it `` globally `` by identifying the key points that make the proof work .

Moreover , there are common types of table which are quite difficult to read because of special features .
[also] , there are common types of table which are quite difficult to read because of special features .

Our radical objector maintains about what we take to have been the causal circumstance that it might riot have been followed by the smell , and moreover that this would not have resulted from the absence of some further condition .
our radical objector maintains about what we take to have been the causal circumstance that it might riot have been followed by the smell , and [also] that this would not have resulted from the absence of some further condition .

Both masters and men moreover chose to depict women as wilful and capricious .
both masters and men [also] chose to depict women as wilful and capricious .

Moreover , it is arguable that the initiation into a framework of related concepts , methods and values ( sometimes called a paradigm ) is essential before the intellectual processes of ( say ) geography are possible .
[also] , it is arguable that the initiation into a framework of related concepts , methods and values ( sometimes called a paradigm ) is essential before the intellectual processes of ( say ) geography are possible .

Moreover , the developments in any school must be seen in the context not only of the perspectives on curriculum change of key individuals but also of the personal aims , philosophies and motivations of the people concerned .
[also] , the developments in any school must be seen in the context not only of the perspectives on curriculum change of key individuals but also of the personal aims , philosophies and motivations of the people concerned .

Moreover , much development of the infrastructure was already taking place in the school ( not only the library refurbishment , the display area and the installation of teletext , but also the designation of `` 10p posts `` and a standing commitment to the role of teacher-librarian on the staffing establishment ) .
[also] , much development of the infrastructure was already taking place in the school ( not only the library refurbishment , the display area and the installation of teletext , but also the designation of `` 10p posts `` and a standing commitment to the role of teacher-librarian on the staffing establishment ) .

Moreover , notwithstanding the different degrees to which individual teachers appeared to have taken on board the implications for progressive pedagogies , we believe that a substantial improvement in teachers ' awareness of the potential of the library as a central resource , and of the development of information-handling skills entailed therein , was a real consequence of the project in this school .
[also] , notwithstanding the different degrees to which individual teachers appeared to have taken on board the implications for progressive pedagogies , we believe that a substantial improvement in teachers ' awareness of the potential of the library as a central resource , and of the development of information-handling skills entailed therein , was a real consequence of the project in this school .

Moreover , for many teachers , the services of divisional libraries , the project loan service and so on were opened to them as never before .
[also] , for many teachers , the services of divisional libraries , the project loan service and so on were opened to them as never before .

Moreover , the effects of industrial action on members ' attendance exacerbated the situation , and it is arguable that in times of adversity such bodies need stronger leadership and clearer terms of reference than this panel ever enjoyed .
[also] , the effects of industrial action on members ' attendance exacerbated the situation , and it is arguable that in times of adversity such bodies need stronger leadership and clearer terms of reference than this panel ever enjoyed .

Moreover , the emerging plans for creating networks for the promotion and dissemination of study skills and other project-related developments give promise of a healthy future .
[also] , the emerging plans for creating networks for the promotion and dissemination of study skills and other project-related developments give promise of a healthy future .

Moreover , the cross-curricular Working Party which is looking at a variety of themes including Economic Awareness , will also make demands on the support of the local business community .
[also] , the cross-curricular working party which is looking at a variety of themes including economic awareness , will also make demands on the support of the local business community .

Moreover , while fundamentalism can , at least to some extent , appeal to what remains of genuine custom and tradition or past practice as embodied in religious practice , nationalism in itself is either hostile to the real ways of the past , or arises on its ruins .
[also] , while fundamentalism can , at least to some extent , appeal to what remains of genuine custom and tradition or past practice as embodied in religious practice , nationalism in itself is either hostile to the real ways of the past , or arises on its ruins .

Moreover the recording itself stands as something of a tribute to his long relationship with another French institution , the Opéra de Lyon , which he has conducted frequently since his début there in the same opera in 1981 .
[also] the recording itself stands as something of a tribute to his long relationship with another french institution , the opéra de lyon , which he has conducted frequently since his début there in the same opera in 1981 .

Moreover , in the course of his research Kaplan uncovered evidence that Mahler himself conducted the movement at a tempo far more brisk than is currently in vogue .
[also] , in the course of his research kaplan uncovered evidence that mahler himself conducted the movement at a tempo far more brisk than is currently in vogue .

Moreover , the opening is spoilt by the dotted-note on the viola twice losing its demisemiquaver ; it is surprising that this was not immediately re-recorded .
[also] , the opening is spoilt by the dotted-note on the viola twice losing its demisemiquaver ; it is surprising that this was not immediately re-recorded .

Most of the original copies are in fine condition : they are , moreover , exceedingly rate and one is very likely to go through life without coming across better ones .
most of the original copies are in fine condition : they are , [also] , exceedingly rate and one is very likely to go through life without coming across better ones .

Moreover , in the two numbered works Katsaris has the advantage of the added gravitas of the highly sympathetic orchestral contribution from the splendid Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra under Kurt Masur .
[also] , in the two numbered works katsaris has the advantage of the added gravitas of the highly sympathetic orchestral contribution from the splendid leipzig gewandhaus orchestra under kurt masur .

Moreover , the recommendations of the Redcliffe-Maud and Wheatley Commissions that the personal services of education , social services ( social work in Scotland ) and housing should be allocated to the same local authority were not followed outside London and the English metropolitan areas .
[also] , the recommendations of the redcliffe-maud and wheatley commissions that the personal services of education , social services ( social work in scotland ) and housing should be allocated to the same local authority were not followed outside london and the english metropolitan areas .

Moreover , different configurations may arise at various times .
[also] , different configurations may arise at various times .

Moreover , the councils are sometimes used as ‘ weapons ’ in the wider political controversies in Northern Ireland .
[also] , the councils are sometimes used as ‘ weapons ’ in the wider political controversies in northern ireland .

These extensive changes integral to the process of industrialisation involved , moreover , a major paradox , in that they brought a ‘ new ’ society with great productive potential and more sophisticated and complex ways of living , while at the same time generating extensive disruptions in , traditional patterns of life and relationships , as well as creating new material problems of overcrowded and unpleasant urban conditions , poverty and unemployment .
these extensive changes integral to the process of industrialisation involved , [also] , a major paradox , in that they brought a ‘ new ’ society with great productive potential and more sophisticated and complex ways of living , while at the same time generating extensive disruptions in , traditional patterns of life and relationships , as well as creating new material problems of overcrowded and unpleasant urban conditions , poverty and unemployment .

Moreover , since our involvement in social relationships and membership of social groups only ends when our social existence ends ( at death ) , socialisation must be seen as an inevitable and a lifelong process .
[also] , since our involvement in social relationships and membership of social groups only ends when our social existence ends ( at death ) , socialisation must be seen as an inevitable and a lifelong process .

That is , it totally fails to consider the persistence of power through property ownership ; moreover , its conception of the labour market ignores those factors which determine whether or not one 's skills are perceived as marketable , and whether some groups , for example the professions , have the power to establish the view that their particular skills are valuable .
that is , it totally fails to consider the persistence of power through property ownership ; [also] , its conception of the labour market ignores those factors which determine whether or not one 's skills are perceived as marketable , and whether some groups , for example the professions , have the power to establish the view that their particular skills are valuable .

Moreover , as mentioned earlier , the figures presented so far do not include a range of fringe benefits usually the privilege of non-manual employees which have a real income value : among these are luncheon vouchers , company cars , credit facilities ( cheap company loans ) , and so on .
[also] , as mentioned earlier , the figures presented so far do not include a range of fringe benefits usually the privilege of non-manual employees which have a real income value : among these are luncheon vouchers , company cars , credit facilities ( cheap company loans ) , and so on .

Moreover , as a worker gets older , overtime , shift work and so on become less and less a physical possibility .
[also] , as a worker gets older , overtime , shift work and so on become less and less a physical possibility .

Moreover , just as the empirical data on social inequality that were presented in Chapter 2 could be usefully explained through a combination of Marxist and Weberian theories , in this chapter , the concepts of closure and reproduction also help to bring Marxist and Weberian approaches together , this time for the analysis of the dynamics of class .
[also] , just as the empirical data on social inequality that were presented in chapter 2 could be usefully explained through a combination of marxist and weberian theories , in this chapter , the concepts of closure and reproduction also help to bring marxist and weberian approaches together , this time for the analysis of the dynamics of class .

Moreover , this member of the unit had not been permitted to fire a single shot in the flame and slaughter of the city 's last days .
[also] , this member of the unit had not been permitted to fire a single shot in the flame and slaughter of the city 's last days .

Moreover , he was a natural conservative who felt out of sympathy with Irish nationalism , a cause which he thought likely to triumph in the end .
[also] , he was a natural conservative who felt out of sympathy with irish nationalism , a cause which he thought likely to triumph in the end .

Moreover , Quentin Joyce , his brother , had known for at least ten years that their father was American by naturalisation .
[also] , quentin joyce , his brother , had known for at least ten years that their father was american by naturalisation .

Moreover , uncontrolled activities can not be sustained without loss of plant and animal species , natural habitats , coast and hinterland , and the decay of buildings .
[also] , uncontrolled activities can not be sustained without loss of plant and animal species , natural habitats , coast and hinterland , and the decay of buildings .

Moreover , the economic outlook for the company hardly warranted no dividend payments , as Sir Humphrey made clear in his chairman 's statement last November : ‘ There is a degree of optimism for the 1991 year in the expectation that the negative effects of the economy may be offset and minimised by the advancements being implemented in many areas of our business ’ .
[also] , the economic outlook for the company hardly warranted no dividend payments , as sir humphrey made clear in his chairman 's statement last november : ‘ there is a degree of optimism for the 1991 year in the expectation that the negative effects of the economy may be offset and minimised by the advancements being implemented in many areas of our business ’ .

Moreover , its unique mixture of democracy and authority can impede progress , for no primate of all England can simply pronounce ex cathedra to his flock .
[also] , its unique mixture of democracy and authority can impede progress , for no primate of all england can simply pronounce ex cathedra to his flock .

Moreover , against this backcloth of generalised anxieties about moral incohesion , there were a number of more specific allegations against standards of public conduct which , once again , bear a striking resemblance to the supposedly unprecedented complaints and aggravations of the postwar era .
[also] , against this backcloth of generalised anxieties about moral incohesion , there were a number of more specific allegations against standards of public conduct which , once again , bear a striking resemblance to the supposedly unprecedented complaints and aggravations of the postwar era .

There was , moreover , a considerable amount of discretion in terms of what might count as ‘ violence ’ in a street robbery , and it seems likely that street robbers were more commonly charged with ‘ bag-snatching ’ which was regarded as a less serious offence than ‘ robbery with violence ’ .
there was , [also] , a considerable amount of discretion in terms of what might count as ‘ violence ’ in a street robbery , and it seems likely that street robbers were more commonly charged with ‘ bag-snatching ’ which was regarded as a less serious offence than ‘ robbery with violence ’ .

Since the implementation of the much-maligned Children and Young Persons Act of 1969 , moreover , while the proportion of young offenders receiving custodial sentences has soared , the proportion dealt with by supervision orders has continued to decline .
since the implementation of the much-maligned children and young persons act of 1969 , [also] , while the proportion of young offenders receiving custodial sentences has soared , the proportion dealt with by supervision orders has continued to decline .

It seems likely , moreover , that the police deliberately avoided mixing it in the more perilous districts .
it seems likely , [also] , that the police deliberately avoided mixing it in the more perilous districts .

Moreover , it was understood to be a crime which was entirely foreign to the national character , and in one of its earliest references to the affair The Times ( 7 November 1862 ) registered the compulsive feeling that the new crime was ‘ un-British ’ : ‘ When the outrages first commenced , it was doubted whether the crime was not of foreign importation … but the ruffians who have been arrested arc of pure English breed .
[also] , it was understood to be a crime which was entirely foreign to the national character , and in one of its earliest references to the affair the times ( 7 november 1862 ) registered the compulsive feeling that the new crime was ‘ un-british ’ : ‘ when the outrages first commenced , it was doubted whether the crime was not of foreign importation … but the ruffians who have been arrested arc of pure english breed .

Moreover , that those increases in recorded crime which did occur came after the onset of the panic .
[also] , that those increases in recorded crime which did occur came after the onset of the panic .

Moreover , France had good ships in quantity and merchandise in plenty with which to trade .
[also] , france had good ships in quantity and merchandise in plenty with which to trade .

Moreover , as this remark implies , the phases of the story do not end with the demise of their dominant school .
[also] , as this remark implies , the phases of the story do not end with the demise of their dominant school .

Moreover , the approach was trying to create a science of international relations .
[also] , the approach was trying to create a science of international relations .

Moreover , his ‘ faith ’ might entail something much more profound than a mere conviction of Cortés 's divinity .
[also] , his ‘ faith ’ might entail something much more profound than a mere conviction of cortés 's divinity .

Moreover , we are not alone .
[also] , we are not alone .

As we demonstrated in our previous book , moreover , the wedding at Cana — which may in fact have been Jesus 's own wedding — was not a modest village affair , but a sumptuous ceremony of the gentry or aristocracy .
as we demonstrated in our previous book , [also] , the wedding at cana — which may in fact have been jesus 's own wedding — was not a modest village affair , but a sumptuous ceremony of the gentry or aristocracy .

If John had been of the same family as Jesus , moreover , his ‘ seal of approval ’ would have carried the additional authority of a royal warrant .
if john had been of the same family as jesus , [also] , his ‘ seal of approval ’ would have carried the additional authority of a royal warrant .

Until the fourth century , moreover , Jesus 's birthday had been celebrated on 6 January .
until the fourth century , [also] , jesus 's birthday had been celebrated on 6 january .

Moreover , they had their own doctrines by now of who Jesus was and what the term ‘ Messiah ’ meant .
[also] , they had their own doctrines by now of who jesus was and what the term ‘ messiah ’ meant .

Moreover the same pattern has been identified elsewhere ( Hughes 1977 ) .
[also] the same pattern has been identified elsewhere ( hughes 1977 ) .

Moreover , most users who did actually want to come off were reacting , not to heroin itself but the associated dangerous and stressful lifestyle .
[also] , most users who did actually want to come off were reacting , not to heroin itself but the associated dangerous and stressful lifestyle .

Moreover , ‘ unknown ’ heroin use does not lend itself to the more usual sampling procedures such as random sampling , saturation sampling and dense sampling .
[also] , ‘ unknown ’ heroin use does not lend itself to the more usual sampling procedures such as random sampling , saturation sampling and dense sampling .

Moreover , Forester ( like most of his contemporaries and successors in the sphere of the naval sea-novel ) offered enough young characters to reassure boys and girls engaging with adult fiction , since he rearranged historical fact to the extent that his midshipmen were invariably between fourteen and eighteen : those older , even middle-aged men , soured by repeated failure to pass as lieutenants , were not suitable for his purpose .
[also] , forester ( like most of his contemporaries and successors in the sphere of the naval sea-novel ) offered enough young characters to reassure boys and girls engaging with adult fiction , since he rearranged historical fact to the extent that his midshipmen were invariably between fourteen and eighteen : those older , even middle-aged men , soured by repeated failure to pass as lieutenants , were not suitable for his purpose .

Moreover , Allan offers a description of her which seems more explicit than any offered through another mouthpiece .
[also] , allan offers a description of her which seems more explicit than any offered through another mouthpiece .

Carlotta de Leyva belongs to one of the liberal families opposed to the dictator Lopez and as the betrothed of the leader of that opposition , Don Manuel of Encinitas , she is to some extent a figurehead , a political symbol : moreover , to the youth of eighteen , Highworth Ridden , who is introduced to her soon after his arrival in Santa Barbara , she is an ideal because she is in effect the first woman who has ever touched his love , as someone to be served , not someone to aspire to .
carlotta de leyva belongs to one of the liberal families opposed to the dictator lopez and as the betrothed of the leader of that opposition , don manuel of encinitas , she is to some extent a figurehead , a political symbol : [also] , to the youth of eighteen , highworth ridden , who is introduced to her soon after his arrival in santa barbara , she is an ideal because she is in effect the first woman who has ever touched his love , as someone to be served , not someone to aspire to .

Moreover , Alexander faces a moral problem which Marco , dedicated from his youth to a service in Samavia , did not have to face . Brought up in an English public school , Alexander is introduced very suddenly to his new destiny and he reacts predictably ; when he examines the documents attesting to his birth he feels ‘ a sudden thrill of pride ’ :
[also] , alexander faces a moral problem which marco , dedicated from his youth to a service in samavia , did not have to face . brought up in an english public school , alexander is introduced very suddenly to his new destiny and he reacts predictably ; when he examines the documents attesting to his birth he feels ‘ a sudden thrill of pride ’ :

Moreover , provision had been made for any firm that might become financially insolvent ; in this way , systemic risk was largely averted .
[also] , provision had been made for any firm that might become financially insolvent ; in this way , systemic risk was largely averted .

Moreover he doubts whether full disclosure is in any way feasible .
[also] he doubts whether full disclosure is in any way feasible .

Moreover , a third party may be prohibited from using confidential information where he obtains the information with actual knowledge that it was received as a result of a breach of confidence .
[also] , a third party may be prohibited from using confidential information where he obtains the information with actual knowledge that it was received as a result of a breach of confidence .

Moreover , it is also the father/husband 's role in modern industrial society to go ‘ out ’ to work in the world outside .
[also] , it is also the father/husband 's role in modern industrial society to go ‘ out ’ to work in the world outside .

Moreover , Hegel explicitly distinguishes the ‘ natures ’ of the two sexes .
[also] , hegel explicitly distinguishes the ‘ natures ’ of the two sexes .

Moreover , these capital transactions have not always been stabilizing in the manner assumed by some proponents of floating exchange rates .
[also] , these capital transactions have not always been stabilizing in the manner assumed by some proponents of floating exchange rates .

Moreover , Esquire 's February launch coincided with the darkest hours of the Gulf War .
[also] , esquire 's february launch coincided with the darkest hours of the gulf war .

The Barometer 's cue is a one-piece broadsword , the Earthquake 's a two-piece rapier , which , moreover , comes in a yob-heaven black leatherette case with twin combination locks .
the barometer 's cue is a one-piece broadsword , the earthquake 's a two-piece rapier , which , [also] , comes in a yob-heaven black leatherette case with twin combination locks .

They are , moreover , a warning against complacency , their existence in our midst reminding us that there are quarters in which ( hard as it is to accept ) we ourselves would be considered foreigners , too .
they are , [also] , a warning against complacency , their existence in our midst reminding us that there are quarters in which ( hard as it is to accept ) we ourselves would be considered foreigners , too .

Moreover , of course , the case for occupational family allowances and child tax allowances has always gained in strength from the existence of differential birth rates , the argument being that the more prosperous parents warranted special encouragement ( e.g .
[also] , of course , the case for occupational family allowances and child tax allowances has always gained in strength from the existence of differential birth rates , the argument being that the more prosperous parents warranted special encouragement ( e.g .

Local authorities , moreover , had encountered difficulties in selecting children for these various benefits .
local authorities , [also] , had encountered difficulties in selecting children for these various benefits .

Moreover , they are more likely to be members of an occupational pension scheme and those contributions attract tax relief , whereas contributions to the state scheme do not .
[also] , they are more likely to be members of an occupational pension scheme and those contributions attract tax relief , whereas contributions to the state scheme do not .

Moreover , a married woman can use her husband 's contribution record to make up her basic pension to the level she would have got as his dependant .
[also] , a married woman can use her husband 's contribution record to make up her basic pension to the level she would have got as his dependant .

Moreover , even full citizenship is being devalued as the earnings-related supplements to short-term benefits disappeared in January 1982 , and the present administration is attempting , in the face of considerable opposition , to dismantle the sickness benefit scheme and pass responsibility for short periods of sickness on to employers .
[also] , even full citizenship is being devalued as the earnings-related supplements to short-term benefits disappeared in january 1982 , and the present administration is attempting , in the face of considerable opposition , to dismantle the sickness benefit scheme and pass responsibility for short periods of sickness on to employers .

Moreover , at an ideological level , despite being so different in housing form , both these dwelling types have one other thing in common : they embody a view of appropriate domestic behaviour and the place of women within domestic life .
[also] , at an ideological level , despite being so different in housing form , both these dwelling types have one other thing in common : they embody a view of appropriate domestic behaviour and the place of women within domestic life .

Moreover , far from generating isolation and introversion , he suggests that suburban living generates neighbour-liness , co-operation and collective action :
[also] , far from generating isolation and introversion , he suggests that suburban living generates neighbour-liness , co-operation and collective action :

Moreover , the report found that single parents were often expected to share a bedroom with a child , where two parents were not , and were seldom offered houses with gardens because it was thought that they could not look after them .
[also] , the report found that single parents were often expected to share a bedroom with a child , where two parents were not , and were seldom offered houses with gardens because it was thought that they could not look after them .

Moreover , as is well known , bad housing can lead to illness and injuries , which women have to deal with .
[also] , as is well known , bad housing can lead to illness and injuries , which women have to deal with .

Moreover , in the national survey , almost 60 % of those who responded did not expect to take part in further training and only 8 % identified specific topics they expected to cover in the future .
[also] , in the national survey , almost 60 % of those who responded did not expect to take part in further training and only 8 % identified specific topics they expected to cover in the future .

Moreover , their parents are supportive of modern language , not only in theory , but also in practice , and they wish their children to have access to the modern language curriculum .
[also] , their parents are supportive of modern language , not only in theory , but also in practice , and they wish their children to have access to the modern language curriculum .

Hence the Council expects a significant proportion of staff involved in teaching of courses leading to its awards to be engaged in research ; moreover , colleges are expected to provide a high standard of specialized accommodation , library provision , academic , technical and administrative staff and good working conditions generally .
hence the council expects a significant proportion of staff involved in teaching of courses leading to its awards to be engaged in research ; [also] , colleges are expected to provide a high standard of specialized accommodation , library provision , academic , technical and administrative staff and good working conditions generally .

Moreover , approximately 50 per cent of the city is open spaces — the Queen 's Park , Arthur 's Seat , and a variety of public parks — while the relatively small overall size permits ready access to the surrounding countryside .
[also] , approximately 50 per cent of the city is open spaces — the queen 's park , arthur 's seat , and a variety of public parks — while the relatively small overall size permits ready access to the surrounding countryside .

Moreover , the skills of precise analysis and imaginative understanding which are developed by the study of the ancient world continue to be in demand by employers across a widening range of occupations .
[also] , the skills of precise analysis and imaginative understanding which are developed by the study of the ancient world continue to be in demand by employers across a widening range of occupations .

Moreover it houses Religious Studies students who make use not only of classes within the faculty but also of courses in the Arts Faculty which specialise in cultures and religions other than Christian .
[also] it houses religious studies students who make use not only of classes within the faculty but also of courses in the arts faculty which specialise in cultures and religions other than christian .

Moreover , a student who obtains a reasonably good degree can usually obtain financial support for a year of postgraduate study leading to an MSc in Statistics .
[also] , a student who obtains a reasonably good degree can usually obtain financial support for a year of postgraduate study leading to an msc in statistics .

‘ Moreover , this class or fraction in charge of the state may or may not identify itself with the ruling class or fraction in the political scene ’ ( Poulantzas 1973 , p. 335 ) .
‘ [also] , this class or fraction in charge of the state may or may not identify itself with the ruling class or fraction in the political scene ’ ( poulantzas 1973 , p. 335 ) .

Moreover , if as in the United Kingdom , bureaucratic salaries and perquisites are not necessarily related to budget size , ‘ wherein lies the incentive for the bureaucrat to increase the size of his bureau ?
[also] , if as in the united kingdom , bureaucratic salaries and perquisites are not necessarily related to budget size , ‘ wherein lies the incentive for the bureaucrat to increase the size of his bureau ?

In our experimental conditions , acid clearance time discriminated between patients with normal and impaired peristalsis ; moreover acid clearance time was correlated with the overnight acid exposure time .
in our experimental conditions , acid clearance time discriminated between patients with normal and impaired peristalsis ; [also] acid clearance time was correlated with the overnight acid exposure time .

Moreover , the same group of xenobiotic metabolising enzymes are probably involved in the development of colonic carcinoma .
[also] , the same group of xenobiotic metabolising enzymes are probably involved in the development of colonic carcinoma .

Moreover , complete investigation may require invasive angiography and laparotmy , which are not without risk .
[also] , complete investigation may require invasive angiography and laparotmy , which are not without risk .

Moreover , the immediate mortality in surgical series ranges from 5.7 to 20 % , while no death has been noted with endoscopic dilatation .
[also] , the immediate mortality in surgical series ranges from 5.7 to 20 % , while no death has been noted with endoscopic dilatation .

Moreover , a whole battery of growth factors , cell surface receptors , and other tantalising genes have been mapped to the region encompassed by most 5q deletions .
[also] , a whole battery of growth factors , cell surface receptors , and other tantalising genes have been mapped to the region encompassed by most 5q deletions .

Moreover , this benefit is largely additive to that of thrombolysis and can be obtained with a slightly increased risk of minor bleeding and no increased risk of cerebral haemorrhage .
[also] , this benefit is largely additive to that of thrombolysis and can be obtained with a slightly increased risk of minor bleeding and no increased risk of cerebral haemorrhage .

Moreover , mortality and reinfarction rates were similar and left-ventricular ejection fractions at 1 month were virtually identical .
[also] , mortality and reinfarction rates were similar and left-ventricular ejection fractions at 1 month were virtually identical .

Moreover , the duke 's authority was expected to be only temporary .
[also] , the duke 's authority was expected to be only temporary .

The north , moreover , was not only united but united behind the king since Gloucester was pre-eminently the king 's man .
the north , [also] , was not only united but united behind the king since gloucester was pre-eminently the king 's man .

Among those who did receive grants , moreover , most received them in areas where they already had influence .
among those who did receive grants , [also] , most received them in areas where they already had influence .

Moreover , taurodeoxycholic acid ( 10.0 µmol/l ) produced a similar inhibition .
[also] , taurodeoxycholic acid ( 10.0 µmol/l ) produced a similar inhibition .

Moreover , following a study that failed to show superiority of intravenous nutrition over polymeric feeding or oral food with parenteral supplementation , it is now apparent that complete bowel rest is not essential for achieving remission in acute Crohn 's disease with nutritional treatment .
[also] , following a study that failed to show superiority of intravenous nutrition over polymeric feeding or oral food with parenteral supplementation , it is now apparent that complete bowel rest is not essential for achieving remission in acute crohn 's disease with nutritional treatment .

Moreover , endoscopic and percutaneous cholangiography have become during the 1980s widely used methods to diagnose bile duct abnormality , including common duct stones .
[also] , endoscopic and percutaneous cholangiography have become during the 1980s widely used methods to diagnose bile duct abnormality , including common duct stones .

Moreover , cycling occurred in nine of 10 patients with Barrett 's oesophagus .
[also] , cycling occurred in nine of 10 patients with barrett 's oesophagus .

The rhythmic spontaneous contractions in the upper oesophagus may also have been related to acid gastro-oesophageal reflux , because sometimes the contraction sequences were preceded by increased oesophageal baseline pressure ( due to a common cavity phenomenon or inadequate clearance of the swallowed bolus ) ; moreover half of the patients had signs of reflux oesophagitis .
the rhythmic spontaneous contractions in the upper oesophagus may also have been related to acid gastro-oesophageal reflux , because sometimes the contraction sequences were preceded by increased oesophageal baseline pressure ( due to a common cavity phenomenon or inadequate clearance of the swallowed bolus ) ; [also] half of the patients had signs of reflux oesophagitis .

Moreover , simultaneous oesophageal pressure peaks may occur as a normal phenomenon when swallows are taken in rapid succession , due to the phenomenon of deglutitive inhibition .
[also] , simultaneous oesophageal pressure peaks may occur as a normal phenomenon when swallows are taken in rapid succession , due to the phenomenon of deglutitive inhibition .

Moreover , other sulphydryl compounds have been implicated in colonic disease since Roediger et al have shown that mercaptoacetate and mercaptobutyrate affect fatty acid metabolism in colonocytes in a manner that is characteristic of the defect found in ulcerative colitis .
[also] , other sulphydryl compounds have been implicated in colonic disease since roediger et al have shown that mercaptoacetate and mercaptobutyrate affect fatty acid metabolism in colonocytes in a manner that is characteristic of the defect found in ulcerative colitis .

Moreover , patients with the most severe cirrhosis without oesophageal varices had substantially higher laminin concentrations than the least severe ones with varices , suggestingthat it is liver dysfunction and not portal hypertension that is associated with the increased laminin concentrations .
[also] , patients with the most severe cirrhosis without oesophageal varices had substantially higher laminin concentrations than the least severe ones with varices , suggestingthat it is liver dysfunction and not portal hypertension that is associated with the increased laminin concentrations .

In practice , moreover , treatments for such patients tend to be chosen empirically and worked through on a trial and error basis , whatever might be thought to be the underlying pathophysiology .
in practice , [also] , treatments for such patients tend to be chosen empirically and worked through on a trial and error basis , whatever might be thought to be the underlying pathophysiology .

Moreover , in case of endoscopic failure surgical options are still available .
[also] , in case of endoscopic failure surgical options are still available .

Moreover , many nematode larvae were seen in the intestinal lumen .
[also] , many nematode larvae were seen in the intestinal lumen .

There was , moreover , a decline in wage differentials between craftsmen and unskilled workers , a development which regularly occurs when labour is scarce and higher rates have to be paid , even to the unskilled .
there was , [also] , a decline in wage differentials between craftsmen and unskilled workers , a development which regularly occurs when labour is scarce and higher rates have to be paid , even to the unskilled .

Moreover , viable non-culturable but pathogenic forms of legionellae can occur in water systems .
[also] , viable non-culturable but pathogenic forms of legionellae can occur in water systems .

However , staphylokinase has now been found to be more potent than streptokinase for the dissolution of platelet-rich arterial eversion graft thrombi ; moreover , it seems to be less immunogenic .
however , staphylokinase has now been found to be more potent than streptokinase for the dissolution of platelet-rich arterial eversion graft thrombi ; [also] , it seems to be less immunogenic .

Moreover , the provinces believe there is no need to determine if the management of the blood-supply system was negligent in the pace at which it implemented heat treatment and blood screening measures .
[also] , the provinces believe there is no need to determine if the management of the blood-supply system was negligent in the pace at which it implemented heat treatment and blood screening measures .

Moreover , Mr Andrew Jones was a neat dresser : he spent a lot on his clothes and quite a lot on Emma , but little on herself .
[also] , mr andrew jones was a neat dresser : he spent a lot on his clothes and quite a lot on emma , but little on herself .

Moreover , the age-incidence curves for this group of diseases begin to flatten around the time of menopause .
[also] , the age-incidence curves for this group of diseases begin to flatten around the time of menopause .

Moreover , the concordance data on twins reared together do not distinguish conclusively between genetic and environmental transmission .
[also] , the concordance data on twins reared together do not distinguish conclusively between genetic and environmental transmission .

Moreover , the illness leads to profound regression , and the patient needs help to resume normal psychological growth .
[also] , the illness leads to profound regression , and the patient needs help to resume normal psychological growth .

Moreover , readers by now will not be surprised to learn that political considerations ( rather than goods-specific externalities ) have been picked out in order to explain the selection of other forms of subsidies than cash transfers ( Browning 1975 ) .
[also] , readers by now will not be surprised to learn that political considerations ( rather than goods-specific externalities ) have been picked out in order to explain the selection of other forms of subsidies than cash transfers ( browning 1975 ) .

Moreover , grants may be open or closed : there may or may not be an upper limit beyond which the central government will not go .
[also] , grants may be open or closed : there may or may not be an upper limit beyond which the central government will not go .

Moreover , it provides documented evidence of what is going on ( and what is planned in the future ) with regard to change .
[also] , it provides documented evidence of what is going on ( and what is planned in the future ) with regard to change .

Moreover , landlords were restrained by the knowledge that they would attract good tenants only if they had a reputation for fairness .
[also] , landlords were restrained by the knowledge that they would attract good tenants only if they had a reputation for fairness .

Moreover , since the end of the sixteenth century incoming cottagers had no common rights and were dependent entirely upon their labour for their living .
[also] , since the end of the sixteenth century incoming cottagers had no common rights and were dependent entirely upon their labour for their living .

For the first time in Wigston 's long history a class of gentry was beginning to appear ; moreover , substantial holdings were passing into the hands of absentee landlords .
for the first time in wigston 's long history a class of gentry was beginning to appear ; [also] , substantial holdings were passing into the hands of absentee landlords .

Moreover , movement into the village was predominantly of people born within a few miles of its borders .
[also] , movement into the village was predominantly of people born within a few miles of its borders .

Moreover , the names were sometimes used loosely , so that for instance ‘ Presbyterian ’ congregations might in fact have been Independent or Unitarian .
[also] , the names were sometimes used loosely , so that for instance ‘ presbyterian ’ congregations might in fact have been independent or unitarian .

Moreover , there is much of interest to be gleaned from the general remarks that are made about each place .
[also] , there is much of interest to be gleaned from the general remarks that are made about each place .

Moreover , subjects form impressions in the supposedly neutral context of the laboratory cubicle — ; thus isolated from the complex social situations in which we actually form impressions of others .
[also] , subjects form impressions in the supposedly neutral context of the laboratory cubicle — ; thus isolated from the complex social situations in which we actually form impressions of others .

Moreover there is an iron fist in the velvet glove and Tanith Lee packs a hard punch ; for just below the surface of heraldic hyperbole and magical metaphor lurks the image of the monstrous woman .
[also] there is an iron fist in the velvet glove and tanith lee packs a hard punch ; for just below the surface of heraldic hyperbole and magical metaphor lurks the image of the monstrous woman .

But the solutions posed by these films are strictly on the level of fantasy ( for most of us ) , and moreover are individual solutions to a particular set of circumstances .
but the solutions posed by these films are strictly on the level of fantasy ( for most of us ) , and [also] are individual solutions to a particular set of circumstances .

Moreover , much disability is a social category .
[also] , much disability is a social category .

Moreover , prices are expected to rise because the activity is still relatively cheap .
[also] , prices are expected to rise because the activity is still relatively cheap .

Moreover , prospects for new publishing ventures seemed bleak at a time when the print runs of even state-owned newspapers were being crippled by an acute paper shortage caused by inefficiency and technological obsolescence in the timber and pulp-and-paper industries .
[also] , prospects for new publishing ventures seemed bleak at a time when the print runs of even state-owned newspapers were being crippled by an acute paper shortage caused by inefficiency and technological obsolescence in the timber and pulp-and-paper industries .

Moreover , in Klerksdorp , some 150 km south-west of Johannesburg in the heart of rural Afrikanerdom , the council also voted on Jan. 30 to abolish racial trading barriers .
[also] , in klerksdorp , some 150 km south-west of johannesburg in the heart of rural afrikanerdom , the council also voted on jan. 30 to abolish racial trading barriers .

It was likely , moreover , that candidates would be restricted to former ministers and senior civil servants .
it was likely , [also] , that candidates would be restricted to former ministers and senior civil servants .

Moreover , on the eve of the May 9 parade Gorbachev told a gathering of senior Army personnel in Moscow 's Bolshoi Theatre that immediate reforms were needed in the armed forces and that it could not be `` beyond the pale of criticism `` .
[also] , on the eve of the may 9 parade gorbachev told a gathering of senior army personnel in moscow 's bolshoi theatre that immediate reforms were needed in the armed forces and that it could not be `` beyond the pale of criticism `` .

Moreover large quantities of food awaiting shipment to drought-stricken areas were reported to have been destroyed in the fighting .
[also] large quantities of food awaiting shipment to drought-stricken areas were reported to have been destroyed in the fighting .

This applies to some extent to the present posture of some of the leading cadres who prefer the old and are in substance quite incapable of integrating in the reform processes , and who , moreover , refuse to accept them either politically or psychologically . ``
this applies to some extent to the present posture of some of the leading cadres who prefer the old and are in substance quite incapable of integrating in the reform processes , and who , [also] , refuse to accept them either politically or psychologically . ``

Moreover , people who had migrated to towns would be allowed to return to the countryside and receive plots upon joining co-operatives , while local residents who were not farmers would be allowed plots of 2,500 square metres provided that they paid a tax and undertook to put the land to cultivation .
[also] , people who had migrated to towns would be allowed to return to the countryside and receive plots upon joining co-operatives , while local residents who were not farmers would be allowed plots of 2,500 square metres provided that they paid a tax and undertook to put the land to cultivation .

Moreover , after Minister of Defence Jean-Pierre Chevènement had convened a round table meeting and promised to upgrade conditions , the expression of discontent spread to other branches of the armed forces .
[also] , after minister of defence jean-pierre chevènement had convened a round table meeting and promised to upgrade conditions , the expression of discontent spread to other branches of the armed forces .

In early December the authorities allowed the publication of a book by a former Interior Ministry official , Neshat Tozaj , denouncing the power and methods of the secret police ; moreover , the book was warmly praised in the official media .
in early december the authorities allowed the publication of a book by a former interior ministry official , neshat tozaj , denouncing the power and methods of the secret police ; [also] , the book was warmly praised in the official media .

Moreover , for large numbers of individuals the new per capita charge represented a considerable increase over their equivalent share of the rates which had hitherto been based on notional values of the homes which they occupied .
[also] , for large numbers of individuals the new per capita charge represented a considerable increase over their equivalent share of the rates which had hitherto been based on notional values of the homes which they occupied .

Moreover , on Feb. 17 the Moscow media reports were retracted on the basis of a denial by officials in Samarkand that any unrest had taken place .
[also] , on feb. 17 the moscow media reports were retracted on the basis of a denial by officials in samarkand that any unrest had taken place .

Moreover , the struggle between the Whigs and Tories suggests a large degree of continuity with the period before the Glorious Revolution : the Whigs are still the party of the Low Church and Dissent , of resistance theory , and committed to the need for an aggressive stance against France , whilst the Tories remain the party of the Church , of non-resistance , and more isolationist in foreign affairs .
[also] , the struggle between the whigs and tories suggests a large degree of continuity with the period before the glorious revolution : the whigs are still the party of the low church and dissent , of resistance theory , and committed to the need for an aggressive stance against france , whilst the tories remain the party of the church , of non-resistance , and more isolationist in foreign affairs .

Moreover , the establishment of the Bank of England in 1694 , and the emergence of public deficit financing , led to the appearance of a new force in politics , that of the `` monied interest `` , men who had made huge fortunes as a result of investing in the national debt .
[also] , the establishment of the bank of england in 1694 , and the emergence of public deficit financing , led to the appearance of a new force in politics , that of the `` monied interest `` , men who had made huge fortunes as a result of investing in the national debt .

Moreover , the ideological shifts that did occur can be seen to be consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; they did not represent , as contemporary propagandists liked to suggest , an abandonment of previous principles .
[also] , the ideological shifts that did occur can be seen to be consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; they did not represent , as contemporary propagandists liked to suggest , an abandonment of previous principles .

Moreover , the struggles between the two parties were often fought out in the local arena , at the annual elections of town magistrates , sheriffs and parish officials .
[also] , the struggles between the two parties were often fought out in the local arena , at the annual elections of town magistrates , sheriffs and parish officials .

Moreover , the economic cleavage that was perceived to be developing in this society did appear to correspond to the religious tensions that were generating party strife , and to anxious High Church Tories seemed to be yet another part of the process whereby Dissenters were thriving in the changed political climate after the Revolution at the expense of the Anglican interest .
[also] , the economic cleavage that was perceived to be developing in this society did appear to correspond to the religious tensions that were generating party strife , and to anxious high church tories seemed to be yet another part of the process whereby dissenters were thriving in the changed political climate after the revolution at the expense of the anglican interest .

Moreover , the Nonjurors included some of the best scholars of the day , skilful and productive polemicists who made a powerful intellectual impact : well over one hundred political pamphlets are attributable to them .
[also] , the nonjurors included some of the best scholars of the day , skilful and productive polemicists who made a powerful intellectual impact : well over one hundred political pamphlets are attributable to them .

Moreover , unlike their counterparts at St Germain or amongst the Nonjurors , these Jacobite MPs were not `` archaic unreconstructed upholders of Divine Right `` , but Country Tories .
[also] , unlike their counterparts at st germain or amongst the nonjurors , these jacobite mps were not `` archaic unreconstructed upholders of divine right `` , but country tories .

Moreover , some of the riots were incited by local High Church clergy and gentry .
[also] , some of the riots were incited by local high church clergy and gentry .

Moreover , Presbyterian nationalism was given the kiss of death by the Act of Union of 1707 , which most of the influential Presbyterian politicians and clergymen supported .
[also] , presbyterian nationalism was given the kiss of death by the act of union of 1707 , which most of the influential presbyterian politicians and clergymen supported .

Moreover , it is possible that they underestimate the position of the Visigoths at the time of the transfer .
[also] , it is possible that they underestimate the position of the visigoths at the time of the transfer .

Moreover , they are not representative of the culture of early Merovingian Gaul .
[also] , they are not representative of the culture of early merovingian gaul .

Moreover , the family was also said to have included Vettius Epagathus , one of the Lyons martyrs of 177 .
[also] , the family was also said to have included vettius epagathus , one of the lyons martyrs of 177 .

Moreover some individual Franks did extremely well for themselves in imperial service , and one or two even gained the consulship .
[also] some individual franks did extremely well for themselves in imperial service , and one or two even gained the consulship .

There is , however , some conflict between detail provided by Gregory in his Histories and that to be found in his other works ; moreover earlier evidence is at odds both with specific points in the Histories , and also with their general interpretation , which sees Clovis 's reign as the manifestation of divine support granted to the king after his conversion .
there is , however , some conflict between detail provided by gregory in his histories and that to be found in his other works ; [also] earlier evidence is at odds both with specific points in the histories , and also with their general interpretation , which sees clovis 's reign as the manifestation of divine support granted to the king after his conversion .

Moreover the title of one of the bishop of Vienne 's sermons , now unfortunately lost , reveals that Clovis 's sister Lenteild had accepted arianism .
[also] the title of one of the bishop of vienne 's sermons , now unfortunately lost , reveals that clovis 's sister lenteild had accepted arianism .

Moreover , sources contemporary with the war of 507 allow a different interpretation from that offered by Gregory .
[also] , sources contemporary with the war of 507 allow a different interpretation from that offered by gregory .

Despite the fact that he was born in the Auvergne in 539 , Gregory was still unable to provide an accurate account of what took place in Clermont in the 520s and 530s ; moreover he was thoroughly confused by the whole career of Quintianus , even though the latter 's successor as bishop was Gregory 's uncle and mentor , Gallus .
despite the fact that he was born in the auvergne in 539 , gregory was still unable to provide an accurate account of what took place in clermont in the 520s and 530s ; [also] he was thoroughly confused by the whole career of quintianus , even though the latter 's successor as bishop was gregory 's uncle and mentor , gallus .

The conflict between Guntram and Childebert , moreover , allowed the clergy to oppose their bishop , while , at least from Gregory 's account , it seems as though the laity supported him .
the conflict between guntram and childebert , [also] , allowed the clergy to oppose their bishop , while , at least from gregory 's account , it seems as though the laity supported him .

Moreover , although a great cult may have brought in more than enough wealth to compensate for the damage caused by those fleeing from the king 's anger , that wealth could still attract the attention of would-be thieves .
[also] , although a great cult may have brought in more than enough wealth to compensate for the damage caused by those fleeing from the king 's anger , that wealth could still attract the attention of would-be thieves .

Moreover , when the Pactus pro tenore pacis cites Salic law in detail , it is not an exact citation of any law contained within the sixty-five title text of the Pactus Legis Salicae .
[also] , when the pactus pro tenore pacis cites salic law in detail , it is not an exact citation of any law contained within the sixty-five title text of the pactus legis salicae .

Moreover , just as there are general references to Salic law in the Pactus Legis Salicae , so too there are broad allusions to Ripuarian law in the Lex Ribvaria , suggesting once again that there was more to the law than what is contained in the code .
[also] , just as there are general references to salic law in the pactus legis salicae , so too there are broad allusions to ripuarian law in the lex ribvaria , suggesting once again that there was more to the law than what is contained in the code .

His reputation , moreover , was that of a liberal .
his reputation , [also] , was that of a liberal .

While the triumvirate was at work , moreover , Orlov , the senior member of the Secret Committee , completed a manoeuvre which rendered peasant reform even less likely than it was already .
while the triumvirate was at work , [also] , orlov , the senior member of the secret committee , completed a manoeuvre which rendered peasant reform even less likely than it was already .

It related , moreover , only to a small and atypical part of the empire .
it related , [also] , only to a small and atypical part of the empire .

Everyone , moreover , seemed to be reading The Bell .
everyone , [also] , seemed to be reading the bell .

The sums they received , moreover , usually exceeded the value of the land they gave up .
the sums they received , [also] , usually exceeded the value of the land they gave up .

Moreover , the fact that the embassy had already been delayed in Dover for a fortnight had cost him 14,000 crowns even before these further disasters .
[also] , the fact that the embassy had already been delayed in dover for a fortnight had cost him 14,000 crowns even before these further disasters .

It was normal , moreover , as in earlier generations , for a diplomat going to one of the more out-of-the-way capitals , if he expected to stay for any length of time , to equip himself with a mass of essentials which might be difficult or impossible to obtain at his destination .
it was normal , [also] , as in earlier generations , for a diplomat going to one of the more out-of-the-way capitals , if he expected to stay for any length of time , to equip himself with a mass of essentials which might be difficult or impossible to obtain at his destination .

Moreover , it must be stressed , they reflected deep and genuine preoccupations of the age .
[also] , it must be stressed , they reflected deep and genuine preoccupations of the age .

Already in the later seventeenth century , moreover , the designation of chargé d'affaires had begun to be given to secretaries who thus acquired a representative character , either on appointment or on the death or departure of the head of the mission of which they were part .
already in the later seventeenth century , [also] , the designation of chargé d'affaires had begun to be given to secretaries who thus acquired a representative character , either on appointment or on the death or departure of the head of the mission of which they were part .

Moreover , by the 1780s each of the two departments of the ministry handling correspondence with French diplomats abroad included two or three men being trained for diplomatic work , though the training seems to have been more directly practical than anything Torcy had had in mind .
[also] , by the 1780s each of the two departments of the ministry handling correspondence with french diplomats abroad included two or three men being trained for diplomatic work , though the training seems to have been more directly practical than anything torcy had had in mind .

Moreover , the intellectual environment in which diplomacy functioned was also changing .
[also] , the intellectual environment in which diplomacy functioned was also changing .

Moreover , any growth in numbers was often much less apparent , sometimes totally lacking , in the smaller states .
[also] , any growth in numbers was often much less apparent , sometimes totally lacking , in the smaller states .

Moreover , even in states where entrance examinations were testing and strictly applied , many of the highest diplomatic posts continued to be given to men who were not professional diplomats .
[also] , even in states where entrance examinations were testing and strictly applied , many of the highest diplomatic posts continued to be given to men who were not professional diplomats .

Moreover , the fact that they usually did not come from commercial backgrounds and were stationed in political capitals rather than commercial or industrial centres also tended to limit their effectiveness .
[also] , the fact that they usually did not come from commercial backgrounds and were stationed in political capitals rather than commercial or industrial centres also tended to limit their effectiveness .

Moreover , the high estimates of press influence on international relations which were widespread by the beginning of the twentieth century , and which have been repeated by some historians , were much exaggerated .
[also] , the high estimates of press influence on international relations which were widespread by the beginning of the twentieth century , and which have been repeated by some historians , were much exaggerated .

Moreover , the thrust of missionary zeal to preach the faith and to live out its realities ( the vita apostolica [ apostolic way of life ] ) which gave rise to the preaching and mendicant orders was of enormous importance to the development of lay piety in Europe .
[also] , the thrust of missionary zeal to preach the faith and to live out its realities ( the vita apostolica [ apostolic way of life ] ) which gave rise to the preaching and mendicant orders was of enormous importance to the development of lay piety in europe .

Moreover in Scale 2 he moves away from using the language of progressively numbered stages to formulate his thinking about the nature of contemplative experience .
[also] in scale 2 he moves away from using the language of progressively numbered stages to formulate his thinking about the nature of contemplative experience .

Moreover although , with hindsight , such a classification appears scientifically absurd it is zoologically perfectly sensible .
[also] although , with hindsight , such a classification appears scientifically absurd it is zoologically perfectly sensible .

Moreover , according to the prevailing values of this system , any feminist housewife who successfully made good her claim to be paid a wage for her domestic chores would be reducing her status to that of a servant .
[also] , according to the prevailing values of this system , any feminist housewife who successfully made good her claim to be paid a wage for her domestic chores would be reducing her status to that of a servant .

Moreover married couples , whether fertile or infertile may adopt children who are not the biological offspring of either partner and such children are then considered to be the `` legitimate offspring of both parents `` .
[also] married couples , whether fertile or infertile may adopt children who are not the biological offspring of either partner and such children are then considered to be the `` legitimate offspring of both parents `` .

Moreover , hybrid coalitions overcome the organisational and political problems that have been associated with individual scientists/industry relations .
[also] , hybrid coalitions overcome the organisational and political problems that have been associated with individual scientists/industry relations .

Moreover , projects are not necessarily confined to one ‘ area ’ .
[also] , projects are not necessarily confined to one ‘ area ’ .

It is assumed , moreover , that street life ( at least for some participants ) is not just a meaningless activity undertaken simply to fulfil a void of time and purpose .
it is assumed , [also] , that street life ( at least for some participants ) is not just a meaningless activity undertaken simply to fulfil a void of time and purpose .

Moreover , the local council has been heavily implicated in these processes , initiating and shaping the town 's development .
[also] , the local council has been heavily implicated in these processes , initiating and shaping the town 's development .

Moreover prisoners ' families are often regarded either as an essential bulwark against future recidivism of those in custody , or else helpless victims of circumstances in need of support .
[also] prisoners ' families are often regarded either as an essential bulwark against future recidivism of those in custody , or else helpless victims of circumstances in need of support .

Moreover , while many American social scientists and historians have studied ‘ the culture ’ of Ireland and Irish-Americans , a reciprocal view has not been established : little , if any , work on Irish America has yet been published by social scientists based in Ireland , north or south .
[also] , while many american social scientists and historians have studied ‘ the culture ’ of ireland and irish-americans , a reciprocal view has not been established : little , if any , work on irish america has yet been published by social scientists based in ireland , north or south .

Moreover , the considerable incomes of many temples make them major employers , and important elements in the urban economy .
[also] , the considerable incomes of many temples make them major employers , and important elements in the urban economy .

Moreover , market servicing strategies are not static .
[also] , market servicing strategies are not static .

Moreover , the Act contains inherent inconsistencies .
[also] , the act contains inherent inconsistencies .

Moreover , if vehicles move more slowly than is necessary , talking nationally , the number of man hours wasted is very large indeed .
[also] , if vehicles move more slowly than is necessary , talking nationally , the number of man hours wasted is very large indeed .

Moreover , the mile handicap on the first Friday of the Flat season presents punters with a formidable ally in the shape of Lynda Ramsden .
[also] , the mile handicap on the first friday of the flat season presents punters with a formidable ally in the shape of lynda ramsden .

If a low-ranking muderris wanted to change over to the career of kasabat kadi , moreover , he was immediately better paid : a provision of the Kanunname states that if a 20-akce muderris in the were to become a kadi , he was to be given a 45-akce kadilik .
if a low-ranking muderris wanted to change over to the career of kasabat kadi , [also] , he was immediately better paid : a provision of the kanunname states that if a 20-akce muderris in the were to become a kadi , he was to be given a 45-akce kadilik .

In speaking of Molla Fenari 's going off to Karaman ( probably in 805/1402–3 ) , moreover , he says that `` he abandoned his posts .
in speaking of molla fenari 's going off to karaman ( probably in 805/1402–3 ) , [also] , he says that `` he abandoned his posts .

As has already been shown , moreover , and as will be referred to again , the combination of a muderrislik and a muftilik was very common in later times , particularly in the case of the Mufti ; and it is entirely possible that the muderrislik of the Manastir medrese carried with it , perhaps even from the start , official or semi-official recognition as mufti of Bursa .
as has already been shown , [also] , and as will be referred to again , the combination of a muderrislik and a muftilik was very common in later times , particularly in the case of the mufti ; and it is entirely possible that the muderrislik of the manastir medrese carried with it , perhaps even from the start , official or semi-official recognition as mufti of bursa .

Husameddin 's argument , moreover , ignores the facts that Shams al-Din is known to have been part of Molla Fenari 's name but not , so far as can be discovered , of that of his son and that the son was regularly referred to as Mehmed Sah whereas it is not known that Molla Fenari ever was .
husameddin 's argument , [also] , ignores the facts that shams al-din is known to have been part of molla fenari 's name but not , so far as can be discovered , of that of his son and that the son was regularly referred to as mehmed sah whereas it is not known that molla fenari ever was .

There are , moreover , serious complications in the view taken by the later tradition , complications which clearly arise from an attempt to fit Abdulkerim in where he does not belong .
there are , [also] , serious complications in the view taken by the later tradition , complications which clearly arise from an attempt to fit abdulkerim in where he does not belong .

We can hope for nothing more than speculation when the events we are talking about took place four billion years ago and took place , moreover , in a world that must have been radically different from that which we know today .
we can hope for nothing more than speculation when the events we are talking about took place four billion years ago and took place , [also] , in a world that must have been radically different from that which we know today .

Moreover there is no real guarantee on the accuracy of the information supplied .
[also] there is no real guarantee on the accuracy of the information supplied .

Moreover , we find that certain very specific colours are missing from stars ' spectra , and these missing colours may vary from star to star .
[also] , we find that certain very specific colours are missing from stars ' spectra , and these missing colours may vary from star to star .

Moreover , the farther apart the spots are , the faster they will be moving apart .
[also] , the farther apart the spots are , the faster they will be moving apart .

Moreover , most galaxies are found in clusters , and we can similarly infer the presence of yet more dark matter in between the galaxies in these clusters by its effect on the motion of the galaxies .
[also] , most galaxies are found in clusters , and we can similarly infer the presence of yet more dark matter in between the galaxies in these clusters by its effect on the motion of the galaxies .

Moreover , the discovery of the microwave radiation by Penzias and Wilson in 1965 also indicated that the universe must have been much denser in the past .
[also] , the discovery of the microwave radiation by penzias and wilson in 1965 also indicated that the universe must have been much denser in the past .

Moreover , the more accurately one measures the position , the shorter the wavelength of the light that one needs and hence the higher the energy of a single quantum .
[also] , the more accurately one measures the position , the shorter the wavelength of the light that one needs and hence the higher the energy of a single quantum .

Moreover , this limit does not depend on the way in which one tries to measure the position or velocity of the particle , or on the type of particle : Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle is a fundamental , inescapable property of the world .
[also] , this limit does not depend on the way in which one tries to measure the position or velocity of the particle , or on the type of particle : heisenberg 's uncertainty principle is a fundamental , inescapable property of the world .

Moreover , the idea of a limited set of allowed orbits seemed very arbitrary .
[also] , the idea of a limited set of allowed orbits seemed very arbitrary .

Moreover , the lower the mass of the black hole , the higher its temperature .
[also] , the lower the mass of the black hole , the higher its temperature .

Moreover , the detector would have to be in space , because gamma rays can not penetrate the atmosphere .
[also] , the detector would have to be in space , because gamma rays can not penetrate the atmosphere .

Moreover , the rate of expansion of the universe would automatically become very close to the critical rate determined by the energy density of the universe .
[also] , the rate of expansion of the universe would automatically become very close to the critical rate determined by the energy density of the universe .

Moreover , Einstein refused to believe in the reality of quantum mechanics , despite the important role he had played in its development .
[also] , einstein refused to believe in the reality of quantum mechanics , despite the important role he had played in its development .

Moreover a shop would normally be emptied of its goods before abandonment , so that only a sudden catastrophe , like a fire , would catch it fully stocked .
[also] a shop would normally be emptied of its goods before abandonment , so that only a sudden catastrophe , like a fire , would catch it fully stocked .

There is moreover archaeological evidence to suggest that Ilchester was more influential than most small towns , not least the developed central area and urban core defences .
there is [also] archaeological evidence to suggest that ilchester was more influential than most small towns , not least the developed central area and urban core defences .

Moreover Brough had contemporary timber gates , again a feature unrecognized at any other town , except for Silchester ; masonry gates were the norm elsewhere .
[also] brough had contemporary timber gates , again a feature unrecognized at any other town , except for silchester ; masonry gates were the norm elsewhere .

Moreover , in a study by Smith-Goosne and Bennett ( 1988 ) , it was suggested that there has been a major rise in work-effort in recent years .
[also] , in a study by smith-goosne and bennett ( 1988 ) , it was suggested that there has been a major rise in work-effort in recent years .

Moreover in much of the 1980s profits rose and nominal interest rates fell ( at least until 1980s ) , which could be expected to favour borrowing rather than equity financing .
[also] in much of the 1980s profits rose and nominal interest rates fell ( at least until 1980s ) , which could be expected to favour borrowing rather than equity financing .

Moreover , since the stockmarket crash of October 1987 , equity turnover has been adversely affected .
[also] , since the stockmarket crash of october 1987 , equity turnover has been adversely affected .

Every word fell as heavily as slabs of marble ; moreover , Rincewind was certain that he was the only one who heard them .
every word fell as heavily as slabs of marble ; [also] , rincewind was certain that he was the only one who heard them .

Moreover , these abstractions serve also to blur the distinctive formations of body , hair and dress through which portraits are customarily gendered .
[also] , these abstractions serve also to blur the distinctive formations of body , hair and dress through which portraits are customarily gendered .

Moreover , the possibility of a conversation is denied with a model who presents an uplifted chin and who looks over the artist 's and viewer 's heads .
[also] , the possibility of a conversation is denied with a model who presents an uplifted chin and who looks over the artist 's and viewer 's heads .

Moreover , he knew and respected Laura Maingay , clearly a recommendation .
[also] , he knew and respected laura maingay , clearly a recommendation .

Moreover , he considered that the most important and constant sexual difference lies in the regions of articulation .
[also] , he considered that the most important and constant sexual difference lies in the regions of articulation .

Moreover , these market figures only take account of multi-media delivered on a stand-alone optical disc platform .
[also] , these market figures only take account of multi-media delivered on a stand-alone optical disc platform .

Moreover , creating large bodies of worthwhile intellectual property is a specialised and costly business .
[also] , creating large bodies of worthwhile intellectual property is a specialised and costly business .

Moreover , the knock-out mice will allow a crucial examination of the p53 pathway in the induction of apoptosis in other tissues and in response to a wide range of different stimuli ( including agents used in cancer chemotherapy ) .
[also] , the knock-out mice will allow a crucial examination of the p53 pathway in the induction of apoptosis in other tissues and in response to a wide range of different stimuli ( including agents used in cancer chemotherapy ) .

Moreover , if such an increase in chlorophyll-specific production had occurred and was responsible for the changes in zooplankton biomass , the hypothesized increase in primary productivity would have to reflect an increase in new production which , in turn , must be fuelled by a systematic increase in nutrient supply to the region .
[also] , if such an increase in chlorophyll-specific production had occurred and was responsible for the changes in zooplankton biomass , the hypothesized increase in primary productivity would have to reflect an increase in new production which , in turn , must be fuelled by a systematic increase in nutrient supply to the region .

‘ Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew the Edomites in the valley of salt eighteen thousand , ’ he said .
‘ [also] abishai the son of zeruiah slew the edomites in the valley of salt eighteen thousand , ’ he said .

Moreover , if the plates were accompanied by a descriptive text , giving information about the nature and habits of each species figured , the production might appeal to a broader and more conventional audience .
[also] , if the plates were accompanied by a descriptive text , giving information about the nature and habits of each species figured , the production might appeal to a broader and more conventional audience .

Gould 's self-confidence and his clarity of purpose moreover were anathema to Lear , whose life was buffeted by self-doubt and a scepticism verging on paranoia .
gould 's self-confidence and his clarity of purpose [also] were anathema to lear , whose life was buffeted by self-doubt and a scepticism verging on paranoia .

He could see , moreover , that the Galapagos were much younger than the continent around which he had been travelling .
he could see , [also] , that the galapagos were much younger than the continent around which he had been travelling .

Moreover , the cross breeding of domestic animals and livestock had long since proved that such changes could be artificially induced .
[also] , the cross breeding of domestic animals and livestock had long since proved that such changes could be artificially induced .

He had , moreover , the trials of business to look forward to before he could get back to work .
he had , [also] , the trials of business to look forward to before he could get back to work .

‘ As may be supposed ’ , he wrote , ‘ the sight of a bird of such beauty , which , moreover , was entirely new to me , excited so strong a desire to possess it that scarcely a moment elapsed before it was dead and in my hand .
‘ as may be supposed ’ , he wrote , ‘ the sight of a bird of such beauty , which , [also] , was entirely new to me , excited so strong a desire to possess it that scarcely a moment elapsed before it was dead and in my hand .

Moreover , moving from the official to the private level , there was a significant and regular cross-border movement of ordinary individuals , if only because of the existence in both countries of Shiite Holy Places — in particular , Qom and Mashhad in Iran , Najaf and Karbala in Iraq — which attracted visitors , whether as a form of pilgrimage or to bury their dead .
[also] , moving from the official to the private level , there was a significant and regular cross-border movement of ordinary individuals , if only because of the existence in both countries of shiite holy places — in particular , qom and mashhad in iran , najaf and karbala in iraq — which attracted visitors , whether as a form of pilgrimage or to bury their dead .

Moreover , the public view affects how people in the slum actually behave .
[also] , the public view affects how people in the slum actually behave .

Moreover , it is tempting to translate them directly into human social and political affairs .
[also] , it is tempting to translate them directly into human social and political affairs .

Moreover , there was in both the Conservative and Labour Parties at this time a widespread mistrust and fear of Lloyd George .
[also] , there was in both the conservative and labour parties at this time a widespread mistrust and fear of lloyd george .

The late arrival had necessitated her getting out of bed and throwing on a voluminous dressing-robe in order to prepare suitable accommodation — on a night such as this , moreover , when all a body wanted was to curl up under the quilt and hide from the horrors outside .
the late arrival had necessitated her getting out of bed and throwing on a voluminous dressing-robe in order to prepare suitable accommodation — on a night such as this , [also] , when all a body wanted was to curl up under the quilt and hide from the horrors outside .

Moreover , an older lady should need a companion for a much longer period than a girl on the catch for a husband .
[also] , an older lady should need a companion for a much longer period than a girl on the catch for a husband .

Moreover , the doors to the ballroom and library were open , letting in the air .
[also] , the doors to the ballroom and library were open , letting in the air .

Moreover , there is the assumption in the language teaching texts , that people actually listen to each other , when they talk to each other — that , for example , questions are answered , and commands are obeyed .
[also] , there is the assumption in the language teaching texts , that people actually listen to each other , when they talk to each other — that , for example , questions are answered , and commands are obeyed .

Moreover , Professors Keith Cowling and Dennis Mueller have argued that the social cost of monopoly could be as high as 7 per cent of national income .
[also] , professors keith cowling and dennis mueller have argued that the social cost of monopoly could be as high as 7 per cent of national income .

Moreover , whereas it may be easy to collect fixed charges from consumers with telephone or gas installations , it is harder to enforce a fixed charge for the right to travel by rail and a fare per journey reflecting marginal cost .
[also] , whereas it may be easy to collect fixed charges from consumers with telephone or gas installations , it is harder to enforce a fixed charge for the right to travel by rail and a fare per journey reflecting marginal cost .

Moreover , if bad management is perceived by the stock market , share prices will be lower than they might have been and a takeover raider may see an opportunity to buy up the company , install a better management , improve profits , and hence make capital gains when share prices subsequently rise .
[also] , if bad management is perceived by the stock market , share prices will be lower than they might have been and a takeover raider may see an opportunity to buy up the company , install a better management , improve profits , and hence make capital gains when share prices subsequently rise .

Moreover , in Chapter 10 we discussed how large firms enjoying a significant but not prohibitive entry barrier could erect strategic entry barriers to consolidate their market power .
[also] , in chapter 10 we discussed how large firms enjoying a significant but not prohibitive entry barrier could erect strategic entry barriers to consolidate their market power .

Moreover , he himself had loyalties of his own to preserve , and it was well for him that he should not know too much .
[also] , he himself had loyalties of his own to preserve , and it was well for him that he should not know too much .

The lord of Glyndyfrdwy had been as well-tutored in arms as in law , and as apt a pupil ; he had , moreover , all the experience that Edmund lacked .
the lord of glyndyfrdwy had been as well-tutored in arms as in law , and as apt a pupil ; he had , [also] , all the experience that edmund lacked .

‘ And what made her run his mother in to Dublin to change her wedding outfit , a woman , moreover , who 'd blackened the character of her beloved grandfather . ’
‘ and what made her run his mother in to dublin to change her wedding outfit , a woman , [also] , who 'd blackened the character of her beloved grandfather . ’

Moreover , the tower roof is sprinkled with fine sand to prevent anyone slipping .
[also] , the tower roof is sprinkled with fine sand to prevent anyone slipping .

Moreover , mercury in the banned products can be absorbed by the skin and lead to hypertension , stroke and heart failure .
[also] , mercury in the banned products can be absorbed by the skin and lead to hypertension , stroke and heart failure .

Moreover many right-wing senators are landholders who will not be enthusiastic about altering the status quo .
[also] many right-wing senators are landholders who will not be enthusiastic about altering the status quo .

Moreover commercial banks today mainly lend to well-heeled borrowers in their own countries .
[also] commercial banks today mainly lend to well-heeled borrowers in their own countries .

Moreover , 1988 's election results suggest that Jackson will take the Presidency in 1992 , over the dead body of the Democratic Party .
[also] , 1988 's election results suggest that jackson will take the presidency in 1992 , over the dead body of the democratic party .

Moreover , rich Soviets whatever the origins of their fortunes , do not hide their wealth .
[also] , rich soviets whatever the origins of their fortunes , do not hide their wealth .

Moreover Mr Graham forgot that the West actually benefits from stolen money — at least the banks do .
[also] mr graham forgot that the west actually benefits from stolen money — at least the banks do .

Moreover of the children of the strangers … shall ye buy and of their families … and they shall be your possession .
[also] of the children of the strangers … shall ye buy and of their families … and they shall be your possession .

Moreover at the end of the day those who benefit from the scheme will be Gujarats more powerful farmers : the poor will be worse off than ever .
[also] at the end of the day those who benefit from the scheme will be gujarats more powerful farmers : the poor will be worse off than ever .

Moreover , the regional context for structure and local plans prepared by local authorities is safeguarded under regional planning guidance from the Secretary of State .
[also] , the regional context for structure and local plans prepared by local authorities is safeguarded under regional planning guidance from the secretary of state .

Moreover , it has been obvious for more than 50 years .
[also] , it has been obvious for more than 50 years .

Moreover , despite what the hon .
[also] , despite what the hon .

Moreover , if only a limited number of more senior places are available , very able corporals and subalterns will get tired of waiting for promotion to sergeant and captain respectively , and will be inclined to leave at that stage .
[also] , if only a limited number of more senior places are available , very able corporals and subalterns will get tired of waiting for promotion to sergeant and captain respectively , and will be inclined to leave at that stage .

Moreover , the right hon .
[also] , the right hon .

Moreover , nothing about time or my distinction would stop that happening .
[also] , nothing about time or my distinction would stop that happening .

Moreover , their pay has increased by 40 per cent .
[also] , their pay has increased by 40 per cent .

Moreover , the rent guarantees that they were given have been honoured .
[also] , the rent guarantees that they were given have been honoured .

Moreover , selective regional assistance in Wales fell , from £80 million three years ago to only £50 million a year ago . Will the Government please review the workings of the Act and make them more effective ?
[also] , selective regional assistance in wales fell , from £80 million three years ago to only £50 million a year ago . will the government please review the workings of the act and make them more effective ?

Did my right hon. and learned Friend notice that last summer the independent report into Leeds primary schools showed clearly that the schools that had had enhanced resources and more teachers could not show a positive correlation between extra resources and higher standards and , moreover , that the report highlighted the problem of teaching methods ? It said that far too many teachers had the perception that unless they followed the good practice set down by local authority advisers , their career prospects in the city would be blighted .
did my right hon. and learned friend notice that last summer the independent report into leeds primary schools showed clearly that the schools that had had enhanced resources and more teachers could not show a positive correlation between extra resources and higher standards and , [also] , that the report highlighted the problem of teaching methods ? it said that far too many teachers had the perception that unless they followed the good practice set down by local authority advisers , their career prospects in the city would be blighted .

Moreover , it would soon become redundant when the low sulphur standard becomes mandatory for all diesel .
[also] , it would soon become redundant when the low sulphur standard becomes mandatory for all diesel .

Moreover , there is an absence of facilities for obtaining cards for the meters , so that many people who have to use them have to spend a considerable amount of money on travelling to get hold of cards .
[also] , there is an absence of facilities for obtaining cards for the meters , so that many people who have to use them have to spend a considerable amount of money on travelling to get hold of cards .

Does not my hon. Friend find it outrageous that Labour-controlled Northumberland county council has refused to accept economies of nearly £1.5 million , as identified by the Conservative and Liberal groups , and has refused to take enough money out of balances to avoid any education cuts , but at the same time it can find thousands of pounds to issue supplements in the Hexham Courant for party political propaganda to promote the leader of the county council , who happens to be a prospective Labour party candidate ? Moreover , Labour councillors do not defend their actions ; they put the county treasurer up to do it and then give him a £4,000 salary increase .
does not my hon. friend find it outrageous that labour-controlled northumberland county council has refused to accept economies of nearly £1.5 million , as identified by the conservative and liberal groups , and has refused to take enough money out of balances to avoid any education cuts , but at the same time it can find thousands of pounds to issue supplements in the hexham courant for party political propaganda to promote the leader of the county council , who happens to be a prospective labour party candidate ? [also] , labour councillors do not defend their actions ; they put the county treasurer up to do it and then give him a £4,000 salary increase .

Moreover , if she were to enforce a purely nationalist policy in respect of nuclear matters in Scotland , that could have consequences that she would regret — because the quantity of Scottish fuel reprocessed at Sellafield is vastly greater than the amount of overseas fuel brought to Dounreay .
[also] , if she were to enforce a purely nationalist policy in respect of nuclear matters in scotland , that could have consequences that she would regret — because the quantity of scottish fuel reprocessed at sellafield is vastly greater than the amount of overseas fuel brought to dounreay .

Moreover , the Labour party 's system is guaranteed to penalise property improvement .
[also] , the labour party 's system is guaranteed to penalise property improvement .

Moreover , if the bands are sufficiently wide , they will cope with any alterations and improvements to property .
[also] , if the bands are sufficiently wide , they will cope with any alterations and improvements to property .

Moreover , the Government 's original standard spending assessment may or may not be realistic .
[also] , the government 's original standard spending assessment may or may not be realistic .

Moreover , there are now 66 fewer officers in post than there were 10 years ago .
[also] , there are now 66 fewer officers in post than there were 10 years ago .

Moreover , the industry is beginning to lose the industrial image that it once had of a strike-torn and unreliable supplier .
[also] , the industry is beginning to lose the industrial image that it once had of a strike-torn and unreliable supplier .

Moreover , it looked old , and by its weight in her hand could also be valuable .
[also] , it looked old , and by its weight in her hand could also be valuable .

Our evening was made by the presence of a very jolly guard , Mr Howard Morgan , who went out of his way to make the trip a pleasant one and moreover told us much of interest about the line .
our evening was made by the presence of a very jolly guard , mr howard morgan , who went out of his way to make the trip a pleasant one and [also] told us much of interest about the line .

For instance , whilst a person may be concerned about the length of notation , this is not usually important to a computer ; moreover , a computer has little use for mnemonics ( it does not forget ! )
for instance , whilst a person may be concerned about the length of notation , this is not usually important to a computer ; [also] , a computer has little use for mnemonics ( it does not forget ! )

Moreover , the material upon which he had to work was that of the early stages of industrial capitalism and of the working-class political movement , so that in any case it would be essential to review his theory in the light of subsequent historical experience .
[also] , the material upon which he had to work was that of the early stages of industrial capitalism and of the working-class political movement , so that in any case it would be essential to review his theory in the light of subsequent historical experience .

Moreover , stateless societies are either small tribal societies , or small communities within a larger political system , and their political arrangements do not tell us a great deal that is relevant to the great majority of human societies .
[also] , stateless societies are either small tribal societies , or small communities within a larger political system , and their political arrangements do not tell us a great deal that is relevant to the great majority of human societies .

Moreover , in modern times especially , war and revolution have been intimately connected .
[also] , in modern times especially , war and revolution have been intimately connected .

In practice , moreover , neither the former communist regimes , nor social democratic governments , succeeded in establishing a new pattern of international relations .
in practice , [also] , neither the former communist regimes , nor social democratic governments , succeeded in establishing a new pattern of international relations .

Moreover ,
[also] ,

Moreover , the assumptions about strategic behaviour do not seem — within the terms of reference of the model — to be totally unreasonable .
[also] , the assumptions about strategic behaviour do not seem — within the terms of reference of the model — to be totally unreasonable .

Moreover , the results have reinforced the belief that the general equilibrium effects are potentially important and can be safely ignored only in special circumstances ( this , we shall see , is even more true in the long-run models explored in the next Lecture ) .
[also] , the results have reinforced the belief that the general equilibrium effects are potentially important and can be safely ignored only in special circumstances ( this , we shall see , is even more true in the long-run models explored in the next lecture ) .

Moreover , the time required for the economy to approach the vicinity of a steady state may be quite long — longer than it may reasonably be expected that the parameters remain unchanged .
[also] , the time required for the economy to approach the vicinity of a steady state may be quite long — longer than it may reasonably be expected that the parameters remain unchanged .

Moreover , since the return to holding the natural resource is the increase in its relative price , it depends crucially on the way in which expectations are formed .
[also] , since the return to holding the natural resource is the increase in its relative price , it depends crucially on the way in which expectations are formed .

Moreover , the distribution of money ( say in the form of transfer payments ) increases individuals ' incomes .
[also] , the distribution of money ( say in the form of transfer payments ) increases individuals ' incomes .

Moreover , the downward slope is greater or less than ( ) according as r is greater or less than n .
[also] , the downward slope is greater or less than ( ) according as r is greater or less than n .

Moreover , when considering the intertemporal distribution , it is necessary to look beyond simply the changes in steady state utility .
[also] , when considering the intertemporal distribution , it is necessary to look beyond simply the changes in steady state utility .

Moreover , family size may be a function of capital or income .
[also] , family size may be a function of capital or income .

Moreover , the attempt to build-in behavioural response highlights the need for taking a more fully integrated view ; for instance , in the personal sector , saving , housing tenure , and labour supply decisions need to be considered in conjunction .
[also] , the attempt to build-in behavioural response highlights the need for taking a more fully integrated view ; for instance , in the personal sector , saving , housing tenure , and labour supply decisions need to be considered in conjunction .

( Moreover , since it is costly to acquire information , it may be socially desirable to allow an element of slack . )
( [also] , since it is costly to acquire information , it may be socially desirable to allow an element of slack . )

( Moreover , the behaviour of the agency director in designing the schedule is itself a function of the incentives he faces . )
( [also] , the behaviour of the agency director in designing the schedule is itself a function of the incentives he faces . )

She knew it must hurt her mother thinking that her only daughter was living with a man , a man , moreover , that she did n't like .
she knew it must hurt her mother thinking that her only daughter was living with a man , a man , [also] , that she did n't like .

Moreover :
[also] :

Moreover , throughout the 1980s , when opposition to European Federalism became closely associated with Margaret Thatcher , enthusiasm for Europe became a way of protesting against Conservative economic liberalisation .
[also] , throughout the 1980s , when opposition to european federalism became closely associated with margaret thatcher , enthusiasm for europe became a way of protesting against conservative economic liberalisation .

Moreover , the error term is uncorrelated with any lagged ( and therefore known ) variable .
[also] , the error term is uncorrelated with any lagged ( and therefore known ) variable .

Moreover , we could test the restrictions by comparing the likelihood for the unrestricted equations in ( 3.43 ) with the restricted version where the right-hand sides of equations ( 3.48 ) replace γ and δ in equation ( 3.43b ) .
[also] , we could test the restrictions by comparing the likelihood for the unrestricted equations in ( 3.43 ) with the restricted version where the right-hand sides of equations ( 3.48 ) replace γ and δ in equation ( 3.43b ) .

Moreover , the increase in the expenditure multiplier led Neary and Stiglitz to argue that the introduction of rational expectations into ‘ quantity-constrained ’ models ‘ actually enhances the effectiveness of government policy ’ ( p. 224 ) .
[also] , the increase in the expenditure multiplier led neary and stiglitz to argue that the introduction of rational expectations into ‘ quantity-constrained ’ models ‘ actually enhances the effectiveness of government policy ’ ( p. 224 ) .

Moreover , what will the King say ?
[also] , what will the king say ?

Moreover , it is not inhibited by the need to conserve both energy and momentum , because both are shared between the ejected electron and the resulting ion .
[also] , it is not inhibited by the need to conserve both energy and momentum , because both are shared between the ejected electron and the resulting ion .

Moreover , much of the work has been concerned with the analysis of the spectra and the interpretation of the parameters obtained in terms of theory ; though this is an essential part of understanding of the chemistry of transition metals , it is less directly related to determining the structures of their compounds .
[also] , much of the work has been concerned with the analysis of the spectra and the interpretation of the parameters obtained in terms of theory ; though this is an essential part of understanding of the chemistry of transition metals , it is less directly related to determining the structures of their compounds .

Moreover , we know our master the King , Ranulf .
[also] , we know our master the king , ranulf .

Moreover , de Craon had received an urgent message from his master .
[also] , de craon had received an urgent message from his master .

Moreover , Corbett loved this time of the year and realised how much he missed Maeve and the serenity of his own manor house .
[also] , corbett loved this time of the year and realised how much he missed maeve and the serenity of his own manor house .

Moreover , my forays outdoors became adventures into loonyland : for instance , asking directions from a garage attendant : ‘ Lost , are you , Beattie ? 'Ere , boys — what do you think of young Melvyn , letting his mum out on the roads without a minder ? Bring the old girl a chair will you , lads ? ’
[also] , my forays outdoors became adventures into loonyland : for instance , asking directions from a garage attendant : ‘ lost , are you , beattie ? 'ere , boys — what do you think of young melvyn , letting his mum out on the roads without a minder ? bring the old girl a chair will you , lads ? ’

Moreover , if they were not expected utility maximizers ( but instead , say , behaved in accordance with Regret Theory or Prospect Theory ) , then their behaviour would depart yet further from the strategy described below .
[also] , if they were not expected utility maximizers ( but instead , say , behaved in accordance with regret theory or prospect theory ) , then their behaviour would depart yet further from the strategy described below .

Moreover , the two coefficients are significantly positive and negative respectively ( with t-ratios of 5.2 and 5.0 ) .
[also] , the two coefficients are significantly positive and negative respectively ( with t-ratios of 5.2 and 5.0 ) .

Moreover , the perverse responses of the subjects to changes in σ and k raise the interesting possibility that the stabilizing influences of the correct responses might not be operative ; so that unstable market situations might emerge .
[also] , the perverse responses of the subjects to changes in σ and k raise the interesting possibility that the stabilizing influences of the correct responses might not be operative ; so that unstable market situations might emerge .

Moreover , the process of financial liberalization in Japan has been gradual and therefore a simple ( 0 , 1 ) dummy variable will not suffice .
[also] , the process of financial liberalization in japan has been gradual and therefore a simple ( 0 , 1 ) dummy variable will not suffice .

Moreover , there was no real proof linking the murderers with anyone in the house .
[also] , there was no real proof linking the murderers with anyone in the house .

Moreover , where — aside from Harry 's unsubstantiated sighting — was the hard evidence to support such a contention ?
[also] , where — aside from harry 's unsubstantiated sighting — was the hard evidence to support such a contention ?

Moreover , because the matrix groups together all ‘ other financial institutions ’ in column 6 of Table 2.1 it shows only the net sale/acquisition of financial claims for the sector as a whole .
[also] , because the matrix groups together all ‘ other financial institutions ’ in column 6 of table 2.1 it shows only the net sale/acquisition of financial claims for the sector as a whole .

Growing deafer , moreover , as they had certainly not been deaf as babies .
growing deafer , [also] , as they had certainly not been deaf as babies .

Moreover , although there was no longer any question of an inquiry into the shootings on the river , this was by no means the end of the matter .
[also] , although there was no longer any question of an inquiry into the shootings on the river , this was by no means the end of the matter .

Moreover the French monarchy found itself , in the generation before 1789 , faced by increasing opposition from the parlements and to a lesser extent from the estates , normally dominated by the nobility , which still existed in one or two provinces .
[also] the french monarchy found itself , in the generation before 1789 , faced by increasing opposition from the parlements and to a lesser extent from the estates , normally dominated by the nobility , which still existed in one or two provinces .

Moreover by the 1750s the provincial parlements , hitherto relatively inactive , were increasingly following the lead of that of Paris .
[also] by the 1750s the provincial parlements , hitherto relatively inactive , were increasingly following the lead of that of paris .

It is important to remember , moreover , that most eighteenth-century reformers saw freedom in largely negative terms .
it is important to remember , [also] , that most eighteenth-century reformers saw freedom in largely negative terms .

In many States , moreover , efforts at more or less enlightened reform were inspired by history and tradition rather than by abstract ideas .
in many states , [also] , efforts at more or less enlightened reform were inspired by history and tradition rather than by abstract ideas .

Moreover her rule saw in Russia an unprecedented growth of intellectual life and a flow and expression of ideas more free than ever before in the country 's history .
[also] her rule saw in russia an unprecedented growth of intellectual life and a flow and expression of ideas more free than ever before in the country 's history .

There is no doubt , moreover , of the sincerity of the Grand Duke 's belief that he was merely a trustee acting on behalf of his subjects , whose interests must always be paramount .
there is no doubt , [also] , of the sincerity of the grand duke 's belief that he was merely a trustee acting on behalf of his subjects , whose interests must always be paramount .

Moreover the number of universities in Joseph 's dominions had by 1790 been reduced to a mere three ( Vienna , Louvain and Pest ) and these had been forced to concentrate on such useful subjects as medicine and law and virtually to end the teaching of luxury ones such as foreign languages .
[also] the number of universities in joseph 's dominions had by 1790 been reduced to a mere three ( vienna , louvain and pest ) and these had been forced to concentrate on such useful subjects as medicine and law and virtually to end the teaching of luxury ones such as foreign languages .

These struggles , moreover , could still inflict intense and widespread suffering .
these struggles , [also] , could still inflict intense and widespread suffering .

Moreover some governments , notably the British one , offered cash bounties to men willing to enlist .
[also] some governments , notably the british one , offered cash bounties to men willing to enlist .

Moreover to change quickly from column to line and vice versa was a complicated business , though methods of doing this were evolved , notably by Guibert , the greatest military theorist of the century .
[also] to change quickly from column to line and vice versa was a complicated business , though methods of doing this were evolved , notably by guibert , the greatest military theorist of the century .

Moreover all tactical systems were , in the eighteenth century , becoming more effective simply because of improvements in discipline and the increasingly effective training to which the ordinary soldier was now subjected .
[also] all tactical systems were , in the eighteenth century , becoming more effective simply because of improvements in discipline and the increasingly effective training to which the ordinary soldier was now subjected .

Moreover these inadequate wages were often months in arrears , and were paid , at least in the earlier years of the century , not in cash but in tickets which could be cashed only at the Navy Office in London .
[also] these inadequate wages were often months in arrears , and were paid , at least in the earlier years of the century , not in cash but in tickets which could be cashed only at the navy office in london .

Moreover , a number of the major aspects of Formalist theory prove to have anticipated , if not directly influenced , some of the most important ideas in twentieth-century literary theory .
[also] , a number of the major aspects of formalist theory prove to have anticipated , if not directly influenced , some of the most important ideas in twentieth-century literary theory .

Moreover while the analysis of interrelationships at the verbal level can draw on a highly-developed set of tools , in the form of the concepts and categories supplied by linguistics , the same analysis is much more difficult at the levels of content .
[also] while the analysis of interrelationships at the verbal level can draw on a highly-developed set of tools , in the form of the concepts and categories supplied by linguistics , the same analysis is much more difficult at the levels of content .

Moreover along with much modern literary theory , the New Critics also held that literary texts are texts of a special kind , and that the task of criticism is to give an account of this special character .
[also] along with much modern literary theory , the new critics also held that literary texts are texts of a special kind , and that the task of criticism is to give an account of this special character .

Moreover the interpreter of a text has to make a decision on the relative importance of the different elements in a work , and he has to find a way of relating these elements to one another .
[also] the interpreter of a text has to make a decision on the relative importance of the different elements in a work , and he has to find a way of relating these elements to one another .

Here he accepts that his own grammatical categories may be questionable , but insists that his study confirms the belief that there exists a grammar of narrative , and moreover that there is a fundamental similarity between language and narrative which is mutually illuminating .
here he accepts that his own grammatical categories may be questionable , but insists that his study confirms the belief that there exists a grammar of narrative , and [also] that there is a fundamental similarity between language and narrative which is mutually illuminating .

Moreover , the principle of linguistic self-consciousness or reflexivity seems to be made even more explicit when transposed to the narrative model .
[also] , the principle of linguistic self-consciousness or reflexivity seems to be made even more explicit when transposed to the narrative model .

What all this shows is that a distinctively structuralist kind of criticism is possible , and moreover , that it is more than the simple application and refinement of the tools of poetics .
what all this shows is that a distinctively structuralist kind of criticism is possible , and [also] , that it is more than the simple application and refinement of the tools of poetics .

Moreover , individuals will be affected in different ways by different contexts .
[also] , individuals will be affected in different ways by different contexts .

Moreover , the tomb has an unmistakably threadbare quality to it .
[also] , the tomb has an unmistakably threadbare quality to it .

Moreover if any of his guests ‘ begins a long story , the mirza should not attend it , because [ such stories ] are styled ‘ the prison house of conversation ’ .
[also] if any of his guests ‘ begins a long story , the mirza should not attend it , because [ such stories ] are styled ‘ the prison house of conversation ’ .

( The mirza , moreover , ‘ should never trust any well-clothed person who pretends to be an author … ’ )
( the mirza , [also] , ‘ should never trust any well-clothed person who pretends to be an author … ’ )

Shah Jehan , not contenting himself with the women he had in his palaces , forfeited the respect of his nobles by intrigues with their wives … [ Moreover ] for the greater satisfaction of his lusts , Shah Jehan ordered the erection of a large hall adorned through out with great mirrors .
shah jehan , not contenting himself with the women he had in his palaces , forfeited the respect of his nobles by intrigues with their wives … [ [also] ] for the greater satisfaction of his lusts , shah jehan ordered the erection of a large hall adorned through out with great mirrors .

Moreover , no theft of that sort had been reported to him , which it certainly would have been ; or rather , it would have been reported to Canon Wheeler .
[also] , no theft of that sort had been reported to him , which it certainly would have been ; or rather , it would have been reported to canon wheeler .

Once launched , moreover , Mrs Baggley was not going to be denied her hypothesising .
once launched , [also] , mrs baggley was not going to be denied her hypothesising .

Moreover , that was not the only spookish thing about the place : Henry knew for a fact that hundreds of years before , there had been a magician in the family .
[also] , that was not the only spookish thing about the place : henry knew for a fact that hundreds of years before , there had been a magician in the family .

He did recall the rule , he cordially disliked women who flung themselves at his feet threatening breach of promise actions , and moreover he did n't like the look of that jumped-up Pickwick there .
he did recall the rule , he cordially disliked women who flung themselves at his feet threatening breach of promise actions , and [also] he did n't like the look of that jumped-up pickwick there .

Only later did Oliver Michaels come back with the sobering news that the hotel was strangely full of policemen , that there was no breakfast to be had save for coffee and muffins , without a trek to the Albion Hotel , and moreover there was thought to be something odd about Sir Thomas 's death which no one would specify .
only later did oliver michaels come back with the sobering news that the hotel was strangely full of policemen , that there was no breakfast to be had save for coffee and muffins , without a trek to the albion hotel , and [also] there was thought to be something odd about sir thomas 's death which no one would specify .

Oliver , moreover , agreed with Mr Dickens , and this want down even less well . )
oliver , [also] , agreed with mr dickens , and this want down even less well . )

Moreover he was the very fisherman who was mentioned in Our Watering Place as mending a little ship for a boy .
[also] he was the very fisherman who was mentioned in our watering place as mending a little ship for a boy .

Moreover , to complete his joy , William and Joe , as if taking pity on him , had produced some delicious Dover sole and some more delicious John Dory with the promise of other delights to come .
[also] , to complete his joy , william and joe , as if taking pity on him , had produced some delicious dover sole and some more delicious john dory with the promise of other delights to come .

At last Lothar consented on oath that the father should give [ Charles ] any part of the kingdom he wanted , and moreover that he [ Lothar ] would be his guardian and protector against all his enemies now and in the future `` .
at last lothar consented on oath that the father should give [ charles ] any part of the kingdom he wanted , and [also] that he [ lothar ] would be his guardian and protector against all his enemies now and in the future `` .

Moreover , they had revealed their game irrevocably this time and could expect no clemency if they lost .
[also] , they had revealed their game irrevocably this time and could expect no clemency if they lost .

Moreover , it was the location of the Infantry Academy where Franco himself and many of his fellow-rebels had been cadets .
[also] , it was the location of the infantry academy where franco himself and many of his fellow-rebels had been cadets .

Moreover , far from excluding anyone , this would be a way of including the existing membership of the individual groupings .
[also] , far from excluding anyone , this would be a way of including the existing membership of the individual groupings .

Moreover , the movement 's supreme leader , the Pretender Don Francisco Javier de Borbón , was alive and well and living in Biarritz .
[also] , the movement 's supreme leader , the pretender don francisco javier de borbón , was alive and well and living in biarritz .

Moreover , the bankruptcy of the Spanish Treasury precluded the import of foodstuffs from abroad .
[also] , the bankruptcy of the spanish treasury precluded the import of foodstuffs from abroad .

Moreover , neutrality favoured the internal political stability which , as we noted earlier , was of prime concern to Franco .
[also] , neutrality favoured the internal political stability which , as we noted earlier , was of prime concern to franco .

Moreover , the problems affecting Spain 's Armed Forces , industries , agriculture , services and people could only be remedied with outside help .
[also] , the problems affecting spain 's armed forces , industries , agriculture , services and people could only be remedied with outside help .

Moreover , Franco had seen in this development an aspect he could exploit for the reinforcement of his image as deliverer of the nation from evil .
[also] , franco had seen in this development an aspect he could exploit for the reinforcement of his image as deliverer of the nation from evil .

Moreover , since his political authority was based partly on the myth of his personal infallibility , he could not eat humble pie before the Allies without causing people to question both .
[also] , since his political authority was based partly on the myth of his personal infallibility , he could not eat humble pie before the allies without causing people to question both .

This , in turn , weakened both the Republicans in exile ( who , in any case , were bitterly divided among themselves ) and those in Spain ( who , moreover , could do little to avoid the repressive clutches of the regime ) .
this , in turn , weakened both the republicans in exile ( who , in any case , were bitterly divided among themselves ) and those in spain ( who , [also] , could do little to avoid the repressive clutches of the regime ) .

Moreover , strike action could be counterproductive .
[also] , strike action could be counterproductive .

The opposition to change of these two sectors , whose views , moreover , reflected Franco 's own social and political sympathies , strengthened his instinctive disinclination to make substantive policy modifications .
the opposition to change of these two sectors , whose views , [also] , reflected franco 's own social and political sympathies , strengthened his instinctive disinclination to make substantive policy modifications .

Moreover , although Rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the Court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .
[also] , although rask was concerned with the initial decision to contract out , what the court says seems equally applicable to any subsequent transfer of the function to another sub-contractor .

Moreover , the destruction wrought by the blitz turned ‘ rebuilding Britain ' from a vaguely desirable objective into a necessity .
[also] , the destruction wrought by the blitz turned ‘ rebuilding britain ' from a vaguely desirable objective into a necessity .

Moreover , some apparently higher level tasks may in fact be performed automatically .
[also] , some apparently higher level tasks may in fact be performed automatically .

Moreover , memory may be impaired for a variety of reasons , lack of initial attention is not the only possible explanation .
[also] , memory may be impaired for a variety of reasons , lack of initial attention is not the only possible explanation .

Drivers may normally have no memory at all for actions performed at the operational level , moreover , there is a suggestion that in some circumstances memory for actions and information at the tactical level may also be almost entirely absent .
drivers may normally have no memory at all for actions performed at the operational level , [also] , there is a suggestion that in some circumstances memory for actions and information at the tactical level may also be almost entirely absent .

Moreover , in the case of negatively valenced emotions there is evidence that they may actually impair recall .
[also] , in the case of negatively valenced emotions there is evidence that they may actually impair recall .

Moreover , it should be noted that according to this distinction the central detail in the Christianson and Loftus ( 1991 ) study might well have been categorized as a peripheral detail .
[also] , it should be noted that according to this distinction the central detail in the christianson and loftus ( 1991 ) study might well have been categorized as a peripheral detail .

Moreover , the use of recall as a measure of memory may have meant that subjects were using thoughts about risk as a retrieval cue , indeed they may have assumed that it was this information that the experimenter was most interested in .
[also] , the use of recall as a measure of memory may have meant that subjects were using thoughts about risk as a retrieval cue , indeed they may have assumed that it was this information that the experimenter was most interested in .

Moreover , the lack of interactions between study and junction suggests that the stimuli used in Study 2 represent the full set of drives through the junctions well and that the judgment tasks being performed in the laboratory are similar to those performed on the road .
[also] , the lack of interactions between study and junction suggests that the stimuli used in study 2 represent the full set of drives through the junctions well and that the judgment tasks being performed in the laboratory are similar to those performed on the road .

Moreover , rather than simply reflecting a stronger relationship between risk and memory at higher levels of risk , the relationship visible in Figure 4.6 actually has both a negative and a positive component .
[also] , rather than simply reflecting a stronger relationship between risk and memory at higher levels of risk , the relationship visible in figure 4.6 actually has both a negative and a positive component .

Although neither the correlation for right nor left turns is significant in its own right ( 10 degrees of freedom ) they are both in the direction predicted , moreover , the difference between these two correlations is significant , z=1.85 , p < 0.05 .
although neither the correlation for right nor left turns is significant in its own right ( 10 degrees of freedom ) they are both in the direction predicted , [also] , the difference between these two correlations is significant , z=1.85 , p < 0.05 .

Moreover , it is not clear that this pattern of results is what would be predicted on the assumption that subjects had schemas for situations previously available .
[also] , it is not clear that this pattern of results is what would be predicted on the assumption that subjects had schemas for situations previously available .

Moreover , this lower level of spending is still sufficient to give us the flexibility to take up opportunities in new areas .
[also] , this lower level of spending is still sufficient to give us the flexibility to take up opportunities in new areas .

It will moreover be widely accepted that , in any proper use of these particular examples , this entity can truly be described as French .
it will [also] be widely accepted that , in any proper use of these particular examples , this entity can truly be described as french .

Moreover , we may point out that even if corresponding attributive and predicative adjectives ( occurring with the same noun ) could be relied on to share the same referential locus , that would be no justification for leaping to an assertion that the two elements are actually `` the same `` tout court , and even less for claiming that the structural positions they occupy are alternative forms of each other .
[also] , we may point out that even if corresponding attributive and predicative adjectives ( occurring with the same noun ) could be relied on to share the same referential locus , that would be no justification for leaping to an assertion that the two elements are actually `` the same `` tout court , and even less for claiming that the structural positions they occupy are alternative forms of each other .

Moreover , as we have remarked , many relative clauses with adjectives will not give postnominal adjectives .
[also] , as we have remarked , many relative clauses with adjectives will not give postnominal adjectives .

Moreover , associatives are not the only group that can appear prenominally but which do not assign their property to the entity identified by the phrase of which they form part ; two other types ( to be discussed in Chapter 6 ) are exemplified by former and sheer .
[also] , associatives are not the only group that can appear prenominally but which do not assign their property to the entity identified by the phrase of which they form part ; two other types ( to be discussed in chapter 6 ) are exemplified by former and sheer .

The main group of verbs which will both justify the singling out of some adjectival property of the entity behind the object phrase , and which , moreover , have a lexical value such that this adjectival property will be understood to apply to the object in some way especially relevant to the meaning of the verb are , as we have indicated , verbs which include the notion of a change of state .
the main group of verbs which will both justify the singling out of some adjectival property of the entity behind the object phrase , and which , [also] , have a lexical value such that this adjectival property will be understood to apply to the object in some way especially relevant to the meaning of the verb are , as we have indicated , verbs which include the notion of a change of state .

Moreover the statement which follows this , namely that he was learned in both human and divine law , as his letters , registers and decretals demonstrate , must preclude Pennington 's doubts that he studied law and , most especially , his suggestion that a bright young man would have gone to Bologna at this time to study anything other than law .
[also] the statement which follows this , namely that he was learned in both human and divine law , as his letters , registers and decretals demonstrate , must preclude pennington 's doubts that he studied law and , most especially , his suggestion that a bright young man would have gone to bologna at this time to study anything other than law .

Moreover , we can have no theory-independent way of describing the world .
[also] , we can have no theory-independent way of describing the world .

Moreover , if we examine social scientific practice at all closely we can often see how substantially the same data can be used to support or discredit very different , sometimes contrary , theories : the generic use of data and methods should not make this too surprising an observation .
[also] , if we examine social scientific practice at all closely we can often see how substantially the same data can be used to support or discredit very different , sometimes contrary , theories : the generic use of data and methods should not make this too surprising an observation .

Moreover , it is possible to incorporate elements of randomness into quota sampling by rejecting numbers of possible respondents according to a random sequence .
[also] , it is possible to incorporate elements of randomness into quota sampling by rejecting numbers of possible respondents according to a random sequence .

Moreover , by today 's standards they both adopted rather naive assumptions regarding the nature of and the relationship between behaviour , ideas and respondent reports of these .
[also] , by today 's standards they both adopted rather naive assumptions regarding the nature of and the relationship between behaviour , ideas and respondent reports of these .

Moreover , its ranks have been increasingly swelled by deserters from social behaviourism — an evidently liberal position .
[also] , its ranks have been increasingly swelled by deserters from social behaviourism — an evidently liberal position .

Moreover , in a volatile period , such as the run-up to an election , all kinds of events may predispose some people to change their minds and their attitudes , and it may well be important to chart this movement in order to decide if it is systematic , persistent or spasmodic .
[also] , in a volatile period , such as the run-up to an election , all kinds of events may predispose some people to change their minds and their attitudes , and it may well be important to chart this movement in order to decide if it is systematic , persistent or spasmodic .

Moreover , it is one of the founding presuppositions of sociology , one might say of social science more generally , that individuals are related to each other rather than isolated .
[also] , it is one of the founding presuppositions of sociology , one might say of social science more generally , that individuals are related to each other rather than isolated .

Moreover it began to free captured troops on July 5 and to lift blockades .
[also] it began to free captured troops on july 5 and to lift blockades .

Prior to the Geneva meeting , moreover , Bush continued to emphasize that there was nothing negotiable about the requirement for an Iraqi withdrawal , nor any `` linkage `` with the issue of a Palestinian homeland .
prior to the geneva meeting , [also] , bush continued to emphasize that there was nothing negotiable about the requirement for an iraqi withdrawal , nor any `` linkage `` with the issue of a palestinian homeland .

As far as the Palestinian population was concerned , gas masks had not been distributed , as they were to all Israeli citizens , to Jewish settlers in the occupied territories and to all arriving immigrants ; moreover , there were reportedly no air raid sirens in the occupied territories except in the Jewish settlements there .
as far as the palestinian population was concerned , gas masks had not been distributed , as they were to all israeli citizens , to jewish settlers in the occupied territories and to all arriving immigrants ; [also] , there were reportedly no air raid sirens in the occupied territories except in the jewish settlements there .

Souter stated after the ruling , moreover , that to have overturned Roe v. Wade would `` subvert the Court 's legitimacy beyond any reasonable question ; if the Court were undermined the country would also be `` .
souter stated after the ruling , [also] , that to have overturned roe v. wade would `` subvert the court 's legitimacy beyond any reasonable question ; if the court were undermined the country would also be `` .

There was , moreover , a racial element to the criticisms , since many of the successful private businesses were controlled by ethnic Chinese .
there was , [also] , a racial element to the criticisms , since many of the successful private businesses were controlled by ethnic chinese .

Moreover pupils need to learn appropriate modes of behaviour for a range of off-site learning activities , e.g .
[also] pupils need to learn appropriate modes of behaviour for a range of off-site learning activities , e.g .

Moreover , tensions exist between the rural population and the town-dwellers who buy second homes in the more accessible areas of countryside .
[also] , tensions exist between the rural population and the town-dwellers who buy second homes in the more accessible areas of countryside .

Moreover , the fundamental problem remains that of the housing shortage .
[also] , the fundamental problem remains that of the housing shortage .

Moreover the Housing Act 1988 only applies to residential occupation and has no effect upon lease — licence cases with respect to business or office premises .
[also] the housing act 1988 only applies to residential occupation and has no effect upon lease — licence cases with respect to business or office premises .

Moreover , it has long been accepted that repairing covenants do not require the covenantor to renew the whole property or modernise an elderly and decaying building .
[also] , it has long been accepted that repairing covenants do not require the covenantor to renew the whole property or modernise an elderly and decaying building .

Moreover , the hypothetical situation presented by the court is really one of mistake of fact .
[also] , the hypothetical situation presented by the court is really one of mistake of fact .

Moreover , there is fraud on the shopkeeper : the accused has concealed his dishonesty . )
[also] , there is fraud on the shopkeeper : the accused has concealed his dishonesty . )

Moreover , how important you think it is to justify your assertions will depend partly on what sort of writing you are engaged in ; a film review in a newspaper , for instance , is a genre where few assertions are justified .
[also] , how important you think it is to justify your assertions will depend partly on what sort of writing you are engaged in ; a film review in a newspaper , for instance , is a genre where few assertions are justified .

Moreover , written sentences can use punctuation as a way of indicating structure , and so can more easily manage complex constructions .
[also] , written sentences can use punctuation as a way of indicating structure , and so can more easily manage complex constructions .

Moreover , because the textbook had a different purpose from the essay , it is n't clear how the material taken from the textbook is relevant to the essay 's topic of foregrounding in King Lear .
[also] , because the textbook had a different purpose from the essay , it is n't clear how the material taken from the textbook is relevant to the essay 's topic of foregrounding in king lear .

Moreover , this raises other questions about Cnut 's predecessors , questions without definite answers , but worth air-ing nonetheless , because relevant not only to the issue of how Swegen conquered England but also that of whether Cnut was already familiar with administrative institutions of an English type when he became its king .
[also] , this raises other questions about cnut 's predecessors , questions without definite answers , but worth air-ing nonetheless , because relevant not only to the issue of how swegen conquered england but also that of whether cnut was already familiar with administrative institutions of an english type when he became its king .

Moreover , his tale might be a wild distortion of the fate of the Norwegian Eric Bloodaxe , whose father was called Harald , and who was killed just after being expelled from his Northumbrian kingdom in 954 .
[also] , his tale might be a wild distortion of the fate of the norwegian eric bloodaxe , whose father was called harald , and who was killed just after being expelled from his northumbrian kingdom in 954 .

Moreover , the frequent mention of the king in this context highlights the greatest single weakness of this political system , as of most others in the Middle Ages .
[also] , the frequent mention of the king in this context highlights the greatest single weakness of this political system , as of most others in the middle ages .

Moreover , the failure of national forces to intercept the enemy is especially remarkable when one remembers that local ones often had no problem .
[also] , the failure of national forces to intercept the enemy is especially remarkable when one remembers that local ones often had no problem .

Moreover , this may be why Æthelred 's charters sometimes take care to describe the legitimacy of the way the King had acquired the land being granted away .
[also] , this may be why æthelred 's charters sometimes take care to describe the legitimacy of the way the king had acquired the land being granted away .

Moreover , these texts fit well into the English and European context described above .
[also] , these texts fit well into the english and european context described above .

Moreover , his exemplar for the witnesses was not very new , as they include Earl Hakon , who died in 1030 .
[also] , his exemplar for the witnesses was not very new , as they include earl hakon , who died in 1030 .

Moreover , poems produced at Cnut 's behest ( Thorarin Praise-Tongue was paid fifty marks for his Tøgdrápa ) , although obviously biased in his favour , can imply much about the ways in which he wanted to be seen .
[also] , poems produced at cnut 's behest ( thorarin praise-tongue was paid fifty marks for his tøgdrápa ) , although obviously biased in his favour , can imply much about the ways in which he wanted to be seen .

Moreover , Edmund 's association with the Welsh may also cast light on why Ottar the Black 's Knútsdrápa apparently refers to the battle of Assandun being followed by another at Danaskógar ( skógr = wood , forest ) .
[also] , edmund 's association with the welsh may also cast light on why ottar the black 's knútsdrápa apparently refers to the battle of assandun being followed by another at danaskógar ( skógr = wood , forest ) .

Moreover , another of Sighvat 's poems , Erlingsflokkr , on the Norwegian Erling Skjalgsson , mentions the marriage of one of his sisters to Ragnvald , father of Ulf , and verse 19 of Austrfararvísur includes an unnamed brother of Ulf .
[also] , another of sighvat 's poems , erlingsflokkr , on the norwegian erling skjalgsson , mentions the marriage of one of his sisters to ragnvald , father of ulf , and verse 19 of austrfararvísur includes an unnamed brother of ulf .

Moreover , there is much to suggest that Cnut 's reign was itself a difficult time for some churches .
[also] , there is much to suggest that cnut 's reign was itself a difficult time for some churches .

Moreover , unless Hugh is wildly inaccurate it seems to have gone beyond the simple quarrel between abbot and flock described by the Ramsey source .
[also] , unless hugh is wildly inaccurate it seems to have gone beyond the simple quarrel between abbot and flock described by the ramsey source .

Moreover , many of them were made with the aim of preserving achievements from an earlier period ( particularly , the stable currency and low inflation ) .
[also] , many of them were made with the aim of preserving achievements from an earlier period ( particularly , the stable currency and low inflation ) .

Moreover , even the payment of dividends might , in the long term , backfire as one of the proposals which has been canvassed is precisely the payment of the equivalent of National Insurance contributions on investment income .
[also] , even the payment of dividends might , in the long term , backfire as one of the proposals which has been canvassed is precisely the payment of the equivalent of national insurance contributions on investment income .

Moreover , incorporation itself would involve a cessation for income tax purposes .
[also] , incorporation itself would involve a cessation for income tax purposes .

Moreover , to the extent that some phonetic information is available about other segments , the candidate set will be reduced further , probably to the extent of uniquely specifying the correct word .
[also] , to the extent that some phonetic information is available about other segments , the candidate set will be reduced further , probably to the extent of uniquely specifying the correct word .

Moreover , the lexical access mechanisms are usually embedded in larger systems , and their success depends on both the performance of the lower level acoustic-phonetic components and on the predictive or selective abilities of the higher level syntactic and semantic components .
[also] , the lexical access mechanisms are usually embedded in larger systems , and their success depends on both the performance of the lower level acoustic-phonetic components and on the predictive or selective abilities of the higher level syntactic and semantic components .

Moreover the word con , whose French meaning we are unlikely to forget , appears twice in this verse , once as the final , rhyming word of the tale .
[also] the word con , whose french meaning we are unlikely to forget , appears twice in this verse , once as the final , rhyming word of the tale .

The merchant , moreover , seems to be liberated by his financial success to take his own carnal reward : These parallels between the monk and merchant should not , however , be allowed to obscure the differences between the two , especially the moral contrast .
the merchant , [also] , seems to be liberated by his financial success to take his own carnal reward : these parallels between the monk and merchant should not , however , be allowed to obscure the differences between the two , especially the moral contrast .

There are , moreover , reasons for expecting an attack upon the Reeve , which in turn would mean that it is not solely his unsuccessful pre-emptive strike that establishes a state of enmity between these two characters .
there are , [also] , reasons for expecting an attack upon the reeve , which in turn would mean that it is not solely his unsuccessful pre-emptive strike that establishes a state of enmity between these two characters .

We can , moreover , hear the urbane inflection of the voice where Nicholas and Alison briefly take up the fabliau narrative within the narrative , spinning the yarn of John 's foolishness : The joke is enhanced by their attribution of the elegant French phrase , par compaignye , to this `` `` lewed `` `` character .
we can , [also] , hear the urbane inflection of the voice where nicholas and alison briefly take up the fabliau narrative within the narrative , spinning the yarn of john 's foolishness : the joke is enhanced by their attribution of the elegant french phrase , par compaignye , to this `` `` lewed `` `` character .

The use of the infinitive after see is not an isolated case moreover .
the use of the infinitive after see is not an isolated case [also] .

We can now account moreover for the observation made by Poutsma ( 1923 : 41 ) that a perfect infinitive is always preceded by to when used with a verb of perception : ( 50 ) Mr Lorry observed a great change to have come over the doctor ( and not *observed a great change have come over the doctor ) . ( Dickens , no reference given )
we can now account [also] for the observation made by poutsma ( 1923 : 41 ) that a perfect infinitive is always preceded by to when used with a verb of perception : ( 50 ) mr lorry observed a great change to have come over the doctor ( and not *observed a great change have come over the doctor ) . ( dickens , no reference given )

The impression just described can be related moreover to the before/after idea which to has been seen to express in its other uses .
the impression just described can be related [also] to the before/after idea which to has been seen to express in its other uses .

Moreover , they knew it to be a cloud .
[also] , they knew it to be a cloud .

Moreover the meaning is not at all the same as with to + infinitive , as can be seen from the sample sentences below : ( 39 ) For years she had been driving illegally with a licence obtained in Italy where her brother had sent the examiner a case of wine — not necessary , but she had felt bolstered .
[also] the meaning is not at all the same as with to + infinitive , as can be seen from the sample sentences below : ( 39 ) for years she had been driving illegally with a licence obtained in italy where her brother had sent the examiner a case of wine — not necessary , but she had felt bolstered .

Moreover , the same basis of explanation — analysing the movement of to — can also explain the difference between this use of the infinitive as subject and that discussed above in examples ( 17 ) — ( 20 ) .
[also] , the same basis of explanation — analysing the movement of to — can also explain the difference between this use of the infinitive as subject and that discussed above in examples ( 17 ) — ( 20 ) .

English is not alone in being able to evoke a mental position before an event which has actually occurred moreover .
english is not alone in being able to evoke a mental position before an event which has actually occurred [also] .

This is very much in keeping moreover with the nature of comparative clauses , since , as has been seen in the discussion of need and dare , they contain an inherent non-assertiveness .
this is very much in keeping [also] with the nature of comparative clauses , since , as has been seen in the discussion of need and dare , they contain an inherent non-assertiveness .

It leads us moreover to draw a further important distinction , which makes the analysis of the infinitive 's relation to person even more precise .
it leads us [also] to draw a further important distinction , which makes the analysis of the infinitive 's relation to person even more precise .

This way of regarding the infinitive 's relation to person can be applied moreover to the uses already examined in Chapters Two and Three , where this form is related to another verb in the sentence and thus provides a coherent explanation covering all the uses of both versions of the infinitive by means of a single principle of analysis .
this way of regarding the infinitive 's relation to person can be applied [also] to the uses already examined in chapters two and three , where this form is related to another verb in the sentence and thus provides a coherent explanation covering all the uses of both versions of the infinitive by means of a single principle of analysis .

Irena regarded love as a disease , and moreover a deceptive one .
irena regarded love as a disease , and [also] a deceptive one .

Germany , moreover , had been comparatively little touched by the Renaissance and so by even the limited Renaissance cognizance of Greece .
germany , [also] , had been comparatively little touched by the renaissance and so by even the limited renaissance cognizance of greece .

Moreover , users have been reluctant to experiment with subject headings , as shown by the fact that over 50 % of catalogue users consult a single subject heading only .
[also] , users have been reluctant to experiment with subject headings , as shown by the fact that over 50 % of catalogue users consult a single subject heading only .

Moreover , to apply performance measures to the catalogue separately from the user 's objective can only produce limited results , as manifested by the findings of traditional catalogue use studies .
[also] , to apply performance measures to the catalogue separately from the user 's objective can only produce limited results , as manifested by the findings of traditional catalogue use studies .

Moreover , feedback , defined as , `` monitoring user activity on an online catalog and giving real-time feedback to the user during the actual search session to assist in the formulation of the query or interpretation of search results `` , is still very much system orientated .
[also] , feedback , defined as , `` monitoring user activity on an online catalog and giving real-time feedback to the user during the actual search session to assist in the formulation of the query or interpretation of search results `` , is still very much system orientated .

Moreover , the learner is a foreigner , not a native speaker of the language , and so has no previous control of the language .
[also] , the learner is a foreigner , not a native speaker of the language , and so has no previous control of the language .

Moreover , the sounds in the new language will rarely be identical to the sounds in the student 's language .
[also] , the sounds in the new language will rarely be identical to the sounds in the student 's language .

Moreover , as the student my not be a linguist , he should not have to plan his own revision .
[also] , as the student my not be a linguist , he should not have to plan his own revision .

Moreover , increased motility was observed immediately after occasional afternoon naps .
[also] , increased motility was observed immediately after occasional afternoon naps .

Moreover , as the intraluminal contents may influence motility , it is safer to infer that differences between individuals in motility patterns are causally related to their altered bowel habits if these motility patterns are seen when the intraluminal contants are similar — that is , after bowel evacuation , as opposed to varying from liquid to hard masses .
[also] , as the intraluminal contents may influence motility , it is safer to infer that differences between individuals in motility patterns are causally related to their altered bowel habits if these motility patterns are seen when the intraluminal contants are similar — that is , after bowel evacuation , as opposed to varying from liquid to hard masses .

Moreover , the application of the barostat to long term recordings of colonic motility , may prove useful to assess other pathopysiological aspects of functional colonic disorders .
[also] , the application of the barostat to long term recordings of colonic motility , may prove useful to assess other pathopysiological aspects of functional colonic disorders .

Moreover , one experimental study showed increased tumour formation with dietary calcium .
[also] , one experimental study showed increased tumour formation with dietary calcium .

Moreover , there was no postprandial increase in segmenting colonic pressure activity , no propagating contractions , and no postprandial transit of marker .
[also] , there was no postprandial increase in segmenting colonic pressure activity , no propagating contractions , and no postprandial transit of marker .

Moreover , it has been suggested that only a short period of desaturation — perhaps as little as 30 minutes during a 24 hour period — may be all that is necessary to prevent cholesterol crystal nucleation from bile .
[also] , it has been suggested that only a short period of desaturation — perhaps as little as 30 minutes during a 24 hour period — may be all that is necessary to prevent cholesterol crystal nucleation from bile .

Moreover , preliminary data also suggest that oral budesonide is effective in active ileocaecal Crohn 's disease .
[also] , preliminary data also suggest that oral budesonide is effective in active ileocaecal crohn 's disease .

Moreover , in one increased concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid ( C22:6n3 ) were also found .
[also] , in one increased concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid ( c22:6n3 ) were also found .

Moreover , as extracellular cyclic nucleotide concentrations could reflect changes in their intracellular metabolism , plasma , and urine cyclic nucleotide values were also assessed in a large series of coeliac patients studied at different stages of their disease .
[also] , as extracellular cyclic nucleotide concentrations could reflect changes in their intracellular metabolism , plasma , and urine cyclic nucleotide values were also assessed in a large series of coeliac patients studied at different stages of their disease .

Moreover , our patients showed normal plasma values of glucagon and atrial natriuretic peptides , the only other hormones known to influence extracellular cyclic nucleotide values .
[also] , our patients showed normal plasma values of glucagon and atrial natriuretic peptides , the only other hormones known to influence extracellular cyclic nucleotide values .

Moreover , ambulatory oesophageal pressure recording systems have only two or three recording ports , so that the relation of oesophageal motility to motor activity elsewhere in the gastrointestinal tract can not be established .
[also] , ambulatory oesophageal pressure recording systems have only two or three recording ports , so that the relation of oesophageal motility to motor activity elsewhere in the gastrointestinal tract can not be established .

Moreover , for a given faecal excretion of indium-111 , patients with both small and large bowel Crohn 's disease bleed significantly ( p < 0.02 ) less than patients with ulcerative colitis .
[also] , for a given faecal excretion of indium-111 , patients with both small and large bowel crohn 's disease bleed significantly ( p < 0.02 ) less than patients with ulcerative colitis .

Moreover , all of these studies either involved very small numbers or had other serious methodological flaws such as lack of objective criteria over initial recruitment or the response to treatment , or both , and lack of a control group .
[also] , all of these studies either involved very small numbers or had other serious methodological flaws such as lack of objective criteria over initial recruitment or the response to treatment , or both , and lack of a control group .

Moreover , among the 15 patients with ascites , 12 ( 80 % ) had severe portal hypertension .
[also] , among the 15 patients with ascites , 12 ( 80 % ) had severe portal hypertension .

Moreover , the increased rate of protein synthesis and breakdown correlated with the severity of the disease activity , as assessed from the patients erythrocyte sedimentation rates .
[also] , the increased rate of protein synthesis and breakdown correlated with the severity of the disease activity , as assessed from the patients erythrocyte sedimentation rates .

Moreover , there are no data in healthy man regarding the contribution that the colonic mucosa makes to whole body protein synthesis .
[also] , there are no data in healthy man regarding the contribution that the colonic mucosa makes to whole body protein synthesis .

Moreover , the fermentation of fibre will have effects on colonic pH .
[also] , the fermentation of fibre will have effects on colonic ph .

Moreover , only a very small segment of jejunum was exposed to the full dose of cholera toxin and because of the rapid binding of the toxin to the mucosa it was presumed that cholera toxin was not available in the distal small bowel to induce secretion .
[also] , only a very small segment of jejunum was exposed to the full dose of cholera toxin and because of the rapid binding of the toxin to the mucosa it was presumed that cholera toxin was not available in the distal small bowel to induce secretion .

Moreover , they also showed that patients with pernicious anaemia and carcinoid tumours or nodular argyrophilic cell hyperplasia did not have the highest serum gastrin concentrations .
[also] , they also showed that patients with pernicious anaemia and carcinoid tumours or nodular argyrophilic cell hyperplasia did not have the highest serum gastrin concentrations .

Moreover , only two thirds of tumours are resectable at surgery .
[also] , only two thirds of tumours are resectable at surgery .

Moreover , calculi returned in all 12 patients in whom they were removed .
[also] , calculi returned in all 12 patients in whom they were removed .

Moreover , a true recalibration of the biliary stenosis after longterm plastic stenting is rarely achieved even after insertion of multiple 10 French plastic stents .
[also] , a true recalibration of the biliary stenosis after longterm plastic stenting is rarely achieved even after insertion of multiple 10 french plastic stents .

Moreover , if the Lord Cardinal trusts you implicitly , so will Irvine .
[also] , if the lord cardinal trusts you implicitly , so will irvine .

Moreover , if James received any blow , it would drive the chain deep into the flesh and inflict a mortal wound .
[also] , if james received any blow , it would drive the chain deep into the flesh and inflict a mortal wound .

Faith , moreover , means that we are sure that God speaks to us .
faith , [also] , means that we are sure that god speaks to us .

Moreover , business failures are expected to continue rising , especially among small firms .
[also] , business failures are expected to continue rising , especially among small firms .

Moreover , the absence of any firm information about the progress it is making with the disposal has added to the belief that the £300m estimated price tag for the management division was too optimistic .
[also] , the absence of any firm information about the progress it is making with the disposal has added to the belief that the £300m estimated price tag for the management division was too optimistic .

‘ Moreover , those who carry upon their backs brushwood , bark or charcoal to sell , though that be their livelihood , shall henceforth give no cheminage .
‘ [also] , those who carry upon their backs brushwood , bark or charcoal to sell , though that be their livelihood , shall henceforth give no cheminage .

The Forest law moreover clashed with other legal systems .
the forest law [also] clashed with other legal systems .

Moreover , the Stewart kings ' lamentable habit of dying young had two consequences , both of which enhanced rather than diminished the strength and prestige of Scottish kingship .
[also] , the stewart kings ' lamentable habit of dying young had two consequences , both of which enhanced rather than diminished the strength and prestige of scottish kingship .

Moreover , despite Elizabeth 's personal danger during the Seymour affair , she added to the risks to herself by strenuously protecting her governess , Catherine Ashley ; loyalty to those who had given loyalty was the mark of the true ruler .
[also] , despite elizabeth 's personal danger during the seymour affair , she added to the risks to herself by strenuously protecting her governess , catherine ashley ; loyalty to those who had given loyalty was the mark of the true ruler .

Moreover , time and again there are ‘ hidden grievers ’ who bear their distress alone , feeling that no-one can help them .
[also] , time and again there are ‘ hidden grievers ’ who bear their distress alone , feeling that no-one can help them .

Moreover , elements of the personality cult had attained far wider resonance and , as we have seen in earlier chapters , can be said to have affected the vast majority of the population , leaving completely untouched only sections still wholly anchored ideologically in left-wing philosophies of life , those totally alienated by the attacks on the Churches , and a few exceptional individuals among intellectuals and members of the upper bourgeoisie who despised the irrationality of the Führer cult , were entirely nauseated by the populist vulgarity of Nazism , and could see national disaster looming .
[also] , elements of the personality cult had attained far wider resonance and , as we have seen in earlier chapters , can be said to have affected the vast majority of the population , leaving completely untouched only sections still wholly anchored ideologically in left-wing philosophies of life , those totally alienated by the attacks on the churches , and a few exceptional individuals among intellectuals and members of the upper bourgeoisie who despised the irrationality of the führer cult , were entirely nauseated by the populist vulgarity of nazism , and could see national disaster looming .

Moreover , trust in Hitler was not simply based upon an early end to the war , but on an early victorious conclusion , and all the indications are that before late 1942 and early 1943 — centring around Stalingrad , the North African reverses , and the mounting allied air supremacy — only a minority of Germans ( around a third of the population according to American surveys carried out in 1945 ) were prepared to concede that the war was lost .
[also] , trust in hitler was not simply based upon an early end to the war , but on an early victorious conclusion , and all the indications are that before late 1942 and early 1943 — centring around stalingrad , the north african reverses , and the mounting allied air supremacy — only a minority of germans ( around a third of the population according to american surveys carried out in 1945 ) were prepared to concede that the war was lost .

Moreover , during the second century the Roman community 's leadership was evident in its generous alms to poorer churches .
[also] , during the second century the roman community 's leadership was evident in its generous alms to poorer churches .

Moreover , by 250 the church was freely penetrating the upper levels of Roman society ; at Carthage Cyprian was well-to-do , with his own villa and private resources which he devoted to his church .
[also] , by 250 the church was freely penetrating the upper levels of roman society ; at carthage cyprian was well-to-do , with his own villa and private resources which he devoted to his church .

Moreover , there were degrees of culpability .
[also] , there were degrees of culpability .

Moreover , there were many bishops who would have considered themselves first and foremost monks : St Cuthbert of Lindisfarne ( d. 687 ) had a respectable ancestry reaching back to St Martin of Tours ( d. c .397 ) .
[also] , there were many bishops who would have considered themselves first and foremost monks : st cuthbert of lindisfarne ( d. 687 ) had a respectable ancestry reaching back to st martin of tours ( d. c .397 ) .

Moreover , when we speak of the perceived function of reformed monasteries , we do not mean primarily their economic functions as efficient optimizers of agrarian wealth , or even their cultivation of knowledge and production of books .
[also] , when we speak of the perceived function of reformed monasteries , we do not mean primarily their economic functions as efficient optimizers of agrarian wealth , or even their cultivation of knowledge and production of books .

Moreover , not very many of their sculptural portraits have survived ( only a few over a hundred for the three centuries after Alexander ) , partly because they were often made of bronze which was readily melted down for re-use .
[also] , not very many of their sculptural portraits have survived ( only a few over a hundred for the three centuries after alexander ) , partly because they were often made of bronze which was readily melted down for re-use .

Moreover , the relative value of gold to silver was much lower in western Europe than it was further east , in the Byzantine and Islamic worlds , so gold tended to leave western Europe and silver became the principal medium for coinage .
[also] , the relative value of gold to silver was much lower in western europe than it was further east , in the byzantine and islamic worlds , so gold tended to leave western europe and silver became the principal medium for coinage .

Moreover , the large number of coins which have survived and the way they have survived in hoards has made them the most datable objects from the ancient or medieval worlds that we possess .
[also] , the large number of coins which have survived and the way they have survived in hoards has made them the most datable objects from the ancient or medieval worlds that we possess .

Moreover the Washington Post , having taken the lustre away , was plainly only waiting to give it back again .
[also] the washington post , having taken the lustre away , was plainly only waiting to give it back again .

Moreover , Ajdabiya was sovereign : the Mayor should point out to Tripoli that Tripoli committees had no power to dictate to Ajdabiya .
[also] , ajdabiya was sovereign : the mayor should point out to tripoli that tripoli committees had no power to dictate to ajdabiya .

Moreover , since Libyans voted ( sata : ‘ to give voice ’ ) without benefit of attendant hustings , they had no illusion that the outcome was determined by the multiple decisions of individual minds concerned with policy or ideology .
[also] , since libyans voted ( sata : ‘ to give voice ’ ) without benefit of attendant hustings , they had no illusion that the outcome was determined by the multiple decisions of individual minds concerned with policy or ideology .

For to choose a man on the ground that you agree with him more than his rivals is quite clearly to choose a representative ; moreover , the set of people who agree with a candidate comes to look very like a party as soon as they concert their actions .
for to choose a man on the ground that you agree with him more than his rivals is quite clearly to choose a representative ; [also] , the set of people who agree with a candidate comes to look very like a party as soon as they concert their actions .

Although Mannaia were the largest single group of committee members , most of them ( about two thirds ) were from Tazarbu and from lineages not associated with the struggle.s Moreover , the more important policy and spending chairmanships went mostly to people from this group or to Jlulat .
although mannaia were the largest single group of committee members , most of them ( about two thirds ) were from tazarbu and from lineages not associated with the struggle.s [also] , the more important policy and spending chairmanships went mostly to people from this group or to jlulat .

Moreover , that assumption was to some extent reinforced by the official ideology of The Green Book : it is not simply that parties were forbidden and elections arranged in such a way that people had no policy grounds for voting one way or another .
[also] , that assumption was to some extent reinforced by the official ideology of the green book : it is not simply that parties were forbidden and elections arranged in such a way that people had no policy grounds for voting one way or another .

Moreover , although his father no doubt knew of his disappointment , they had never spoken on the matter .
[also] , although his father no doubt knew of his disappointment , they had never spoken on the matter .

Moreover , Zuwaya and Magharba thought that their larger groupings were temporary : activated to demand compensation , they then relapsed into the noumenon , leaving households to go about their business ; revenues from taxes were not kept in a fisc , but allocated to household budgets — and so on .
[also] , zuwaya and magharba thought that their larger groupings were temporary : activated to demand compensation , they then relapsed into the noumenon , leaving households to go about their business ; revenues from taxes were not kept in a fisc , but allocated to household budgets — and so on .

Moreover , as the police and the army had no place in the formal structure of government , they had greater autonomy than in ostensibly centralized states .
[also] , as the police and the army had no place in the formal structure of government , they had greater autonomy than in ostensibly centralized states .

Moreover , the need to praetorianize part of the army under the command of the head of the Sirte garrison suggests a divergence of interests between the higher military leadership and the Revolutionary Command Council .
[also] , the need to praetorianize part of the army under the command of the head of the sirte garrison suggests a divergence of interests between the higher military leadership and the revolutionary command council .

Moreover , many of them had brothers or fathers or sons who were free : it was part of a household deployment of people to spread them among occupations for mutual security and utility .
[also] , many of them had brothers or fathers or sons who were free : it was part of a household deployment of people to spread them among occupations for mutual security and utility .

Moreover , to maintain a tribe in being has always required acts of will , occasionally of violence , and to think of tribes as in some sense natural phenomena , inert until a civilizing , modernizing process is forced upon them , is to succumb to ideology .
[also] , to maintain a tribe in being has always required acts of will , occasionally of violence , and to think of tribes as in some sense natural phenomena , inert until a civilizing , modernizing process is forced upon them , is to succumb to ideology .

Moreover , he had written it on pages that he could not at this moment tear up into big pieces and then into smaller pieces .
[also] , he had written it on pages that he could not at this moment tear up into big pieces and then into smaller pieces .

Objectionable and un-English as proportional representation is , sponsored , moreover , by the ‘ Europe ’ -crazed ‘ Paddy ’ Ashdown and his Liberal Democrats , Baker 's outburst yet seems frenetic and nonsensical .
objectionable and un-english as proportional representation is , sponsored , [also] , by the ‘ europe ’ -crazed ‘ paddy ’ ashdown and his liberal democrats , baker 's outburst yet seems frenetic and nonsensical .

Moreover , ministers were aware that the Government 's own actions had contributed to the recession .
[also] , ministers were aware that the government 's own actions had contributed to the recession .

Moreover , unlike those West Indian teams who dominated the Tests of 1976 , 1980 , 1984 and 1988 , Pakistan can augment a four-pronged fast bowling attack comprising Waqar , Wasim Akram , Aqib Javed and Imran Khan with a young leg-spinner of immense flair in Mushtaq Ahmed .
[also] , unlike those west indian teams who dominated the tests of 1976 , 1980 , 1984 and 1988 , pakistan can augment a four-pronged fast bowling attack comprising waqar , wasim akram , aqib javed and imran khan with a young leg-spinner of immense flair in mushtaq ahmed .

If , moreover , as seems very likely , the new order attracts more and more top staying chasers to Aintree , that will surely inject a far more desirable brand of ‘ heroism ’ into Grand National day .
if , [also] , as seems very likely , the new order attracts more and more top staying chasers to aintree , that will surely inject a far more desirable brand of ‘ heroism ’ into grand national day .

Moreover , as the chart also shows , the greatest part of the improvement appears to have taken place in the last few days — or even hours — of the campaign .
[also] , as the chart also shows , the greatest part of the improvement appears to have taken place in the last few days — or even hours — of the campaign .

Moreover , there seems to be nothing artificial in principle in holding the acts of an employee done in the course of his employment as equivalent to the acts of the employer .
[also] , there seems to be nothing artificial in principle in holding the acts of an employee done in the course of his employment as equivalent to the acts of the employer .

Moreover , modern legislation has made possible ( within limits ) the creation of an irrevocable power of attorney , so that even knowledge of the principal 's death or insanity will not affect the validity of acts done under it .
[also] , modern legislation has made possible ( within limits ) the creation of an irrevocable power of attorney , so that even knowledge of the principal 's death or insanity will not affect the validity of acts done under it .

Moreover , even at common law a lease which ought to be made by deed but is not will not completely fail of effect , if possession is taken and rent paid under it ; the tenant will be treated as tenant from year to year upon the terms of the lease so far as they are applicable to such a tenancy .
[also] , even at common law a lease which ought to be made by deed but is not will not completely fail of effect , if possession is taken and rent paid under it ; the tenant will be treated as tenant from year to year upon the terms of the lease so far as they are applicable to such a tenancy .

Moreover , although there was a continuing flow of military operations in the post-war years , their scale and frequency also declined steadily , all but fading out entirely by the mid-1970s .
[also] , although there was a continuing flow of military operations in the post-war years , their scale and frequency also declined steadily , all but fading out entirely by the mid-1970s .

Moreover , the theory that the pace of colonial development should and could be controlled effectively from Whitehall was soon disproved .
[also] , the theory that the pace of colonial development should and could be controlled effectively from whitehall was soon disproved .

Moreover , in the light of the Americans ' deep-seated anti-colonialism , neutrality was the most that could be hoped for in the problems that would face Britain in converting her Empire into the Commonwealth at a prudent and realistic pace .
[also] , in the light of the americans ' deep-seated anti-colonialism , neutrality was the most that could be hoped for in the problems that would face britain in converting her empire into the commonwealth at a prudent and realistic pace .

Moreover , there were four years before the last National Serviceman would leave the Army , in which time world instabilities would , in the General Staff 's opinion , make the Army 's case for a higher manpower ceiling .
[also] , there were four years before the last national serviceman would leave the army , in which time world instabilities would , in the general staff 's opinion , make the army 's case for a higher manpower ceiling .

Moreover , Macmillan managed to ensure that the Americans did not impose a dual key system as they had done with the RAF-manned Thors .
[also] , macmillan managed to ensure that the americans did not impose a dual key system as they had done with the raf-manned thors .

Moreover , a hip consensus of veneration has settled around a canon of lost rock visionaries : Tim Buckley , Alex Chilton , Scott Walker , Dylan , Patti Smith , Nick Drake , Lou Reed , Gram Parsons , the luminaries and seers who shaped truths and made sense .
[also] , a hip consensus of veneration has settled around a canon of lost rock visionaries : tim buckley , alex chilton , scott walker , dylan , patti smith , nick drake , lou reed , gram parsons , the luminaries and seers who shaped truths and made sense .

Moreover , Morrissey 's falsetto wail soars above and beyond the bad music criticism languishing in his lyrics .
[also] , morrissey 's falsetto wail soars above and beyond the bad music criticism languishing in his lyrics .

Moreover , dolphins and other cetaceans have evolved in a watery environment , a much better medium than air for the transmission of sound .
[also] , dolphins and other cetaceans have evolved in a watery environment , a much better medium than air for the transmission of sound .

What is never in doubt is the Russian poet 's belief that he has an audience to address , and one , moreover , that is ready and willing to listen .
what is never in doubt is the russian poet 's belief that he has an audience to address , and one , [also] , that is ready and willing to listen .

Moreover , simply by being there the new governor will add a little stability to Arizona 's politics .
[also] , simply by being there the new governor will add a little stability to arizona 's politics .

Moreover , prostitution and venereal disease , supposedly eliminated under Mao , are once again flourishing .
[also] , prostitution and venereal disease , supposedly eliminated under mao , are once again flourishing .

He is too quick , moreover , in his offhand dismissal of the thought that the girl was ‘ abnormal ’ : ‘ You may say whatever you want ; still it is enough to make your universal declaration false if one single case contradicts you .
he is too quick , [also] , in his offhand dismissal of the thought that the girl was ‘ abnormal ’ : ‘ you may say whatever you want ; still it is enough to make your universal declaration false if one single case contradicts you .

Moreover , just as natural science as we know it today is , to an important extent , a product of seventeenth-century philosophical ideas , so one of the pillars of the orthodox scientific establishment in England now is the Royal Society .
[also] , just as natural science as we know it today is , to an important extent , a product of seventeenth-century philosophical ideas , so one of the pillars of the orthodox scientific establishment in england now is the royal society .

It must be realized , moreover , that there is a hidden complexity to the apparently simple fact that the natural science of later centuries is a product of that time .
it must be realized , [also] , that there is a hidden complexity to the apparently simple fact that the natural science of later centuries is a product of that time .

It was , moreover , an accusation to which its adherents in the Royal Society were extremely sensitive .
it was , [also] , an accusation to which its adherents in the royal society were extremely sensitive .

Moreover , what we can know , such as our duties and obligations to each other and to God , is just what we need to know ; and in many other cases we have beliefs sufficiently well-founded for the purposes of our everyday life .
[also] , what we can know , such as our duties and obligations to each other and to god , is just what we need to know ; and in many other cases we have beliefs sufficiently well-founded for the purposes of our everyday life .

He believed , moreover , that although man 's reason had gone some way in ‘ its great and proper business of morality ’ , the progress had been slow .
he believed , [also] , that although man 's reason had gone some way in ‘ its great and proper business of morality ’ , the progress had been slow .

Moreover , as Descartes means it , the view that thought is essential to mind is the view that the mind ‘ always thinks , and that it has the actual perception of ideas in itself constantly , as long as it exists ’ .
[also] , as descartes means it , the view that thought is essential to mind is the view that the mind ‘ always thinks , and that it has the actual perception of ideas in itself constantly , as long as it exists ’ .

Moreover , for all we know about the nature of thought , it might be possible , it might even be necessary , that the substances whose succession could continue a personal consciousness are material , not immaterial at all .
[also] , for all we know about the nature of thought , it might be possible , it might even be necessary , that the substances whose succession could continue a personal consciousness are material , not immaterial at all .

Moreover , whatever one 's account of political power , no one would urge a revolution ‘ upon every little mismanagement in public affairs ’ .
[also] , whatever one 's account of political power , no one would urge a revolution ‘ upon every little mismanagement in public affairs ’ .

Malebranche had argued , moreover , that the argument from the relativity of perception was just as applicable to primary qualities such as extension and motion : what looks small to me will seem large to a mite ; some movements may be too slow for the human eye to detect .
malebranche had argued , [also] , that the argument from the relativity of perception was just as applicable to primary qualities such as extension and motion : what looks small to me will seem large to a mite ; some movements may be too slow for the human eye to detect .

Moreover , just as the connection between certain looks and shame is one which we learn solely by experience , ‘ without which … we should no more have taken blushing for a sign of shame than of gladness ’ , so is the connection between certain visual experiences , and distance and size .
[also] , just as the connection between certain looks and shame is one which we learn solely by experience , ‘ without which … we should no more have taken blushing for a sign of shame than of gladness ’ , so is the connection between certain visual experiences , and distance and size .

Moreover , the use of gas is not likely to have much impact globally .
[also] , the use of gas is not likely to have much impact globally .

Moreover , to any serious reader the book seems fourth-rate , at best .
[also] , to any serious reader the book seems fourth-rate , at best .

The only memorable ‘ in the round ’ person she met was her host 's eighty-year-old mother , quick , intelligent and agile with , moreover , a sense of humour .
the only memorable ‘ in the round ’ person she met was her host 's eighty-year-old mother , quick , intelligent and agile with , [also] , a sense of humour .

As the money was better , all the children still at home , and moreover as the bank had begun to play ball-games again , she had felt constrained to accept .
as the money was better , all the children still at home , and [also] as the bank had begun to play ball-games again , she had felt constrained to accept .

Moreover , he was just back from holiday in France .
[also] , he was just back from holiday in france .

Moreover , city Indians do not feel they need lots of children to look after them when they are old .
[also] , city indians do not feel they need lots of children to look after them when they are old .

Moreover , although private investment will play much the biggest role in the East 's economic renewal , the government in Bonn will have to give big subsidies to the East German social-security system .
[also] , although private investment will play much the biggest role in the east 's economic renewal , the government in bonn will have to give big subsidies to the east german social-security system .

It was , moreover , shown over Baghdad that dropping one clever bomb can cost less , kill fewer civilians and risk fewer airmen 's lives than the indiscriminate use of cheap , dumb ones .
it was , [also] , shown over baghdad that dropping one clever bomb can cost less , kill fewer civilians and risk fewer airmen 's lives than the indiscriminate use of cheap , dumb ones .

Moreover , those elected might then declare independence and seek foreign intervention to aid their cause .
[also] , those elected might then declare independence and seek foreign intervention to aid their cause .

Moreover , dividends are often low or non-existent , and p/es high , when a firm is enjoying or about to enjoy fast growth .
[also] , dividends are often low or non-existent , and p/es high , when a firm is enjoying or about to enjoy fast growth .

Moreover , it will not be long before common-or-garden programs can vary the weight and shape of letters instantaneously , as well as setting them on the page .
[also] , it will not be long before common-or-garden programs can vary the weight and shape of letters instantaneously , as well as setting them on the page .

Southampton , moreover , have Rideout back in their attack after injury .
southampton , [also] , have rideout back in their attack after injury .

Moreover , the attention the association has paid to cinema has offered a space in which it has been possible to raise the issue of the production and distribution of narrative and dramatic works in African languages .
[also] , the attention the association has paid to cinema has offered a space in which it has been possible to raise the issue of the production and distribution of narrative and dramatic works in african languages .

Moreover to advocate exposing French tradition to foreign literatures , citing Whitman , Williams , and Pound , as seminal influences , to translate them in addition to David Jones or Basil Bunting , and to deny any allegiance to the French poetic mainstream is received in some circles with incomprehension .
[also] to advocate exposing french tradition to foreign literatures , citing whitman , williams , and pound , as seminal influences , to translate them in addition to david jones or basil bunting , and to deny any allegiance to the french poetic mainstream is received in some circles with incomprehension .

Moreover , there are built-in disincentives on both aides for non-payment .
[also] , there are built-in disincentives on both aides for non-payment .

Moreover , he did not envisage any circumstances in which he would exercise a right to intervene .
[also] , he did not envisage any circumstances in which he would exercise a right to intervene .

Moreover , though cricket followers in the main rarely attend a county match , they do think themselves knowledgeable about cricket by virtue of what they read .
[also] , though cricket followers in the main rarely attend a county match , they do think themselves knowledgeable about cricket by virtue of what they read .

Moreover , the investment has paid off handsomely in terms of increased use .
[also] , the investment has paid off handsomely in terms of increased use .

Moreover , Norway and Sweden are large countries running from south to north , with acidification problems only in the polluted south .
[also] , norway and sweden are large countries running from south to north , with acidification problems only in the polluted south .

Moreover , the degree of fraud which it engenders is astounding .
[also] , the degree of fraud which it engenders is astounding .

Moreover , despite initial worries about possible German weakness after reunification , the economic picture now appears more positive .
[also] , despite initial worries about possible german weakness after reunification , the economic picture now appears more positive .

Moreover Europeanism is often the consequence of dissatisfaction with one 's own political system , a rather defeatist , not to say appeasement-like , attitude which often displays what one commentator has called ‘ a peculiar combination of self righteousness and self hatred ’ .
[also] europeanism is often the consequence of dissatisfaction with one 's own political system , a rather defeatist , not to say appeasement-like , attitude which often displays what one commentator has called ‘ a peculiar combination of self righteousness and self hatred ’ .

Moreover , Le Pen 's party , despite a professed desire to rejuvenate French politics , has done more to make it absurd than any other , quite apart from the base populist ideas which it propagates .
[also] , le pen 's party , despite a professed desire to rejuvenate french politics , has done more to make it absurd than any other , quite apart from the base populist ideas which it propagates .

Moreover , the relationship with the other countries of Europe ( a ‘ German ’ special path versus a ‘ European ’ path ; East versus West ) is a crucial part of German national identity .
[also] , the relationship with the other countries of europe ( a ‘ german ’ special path versus a ‘ european ’ path ; east versus west ) is a crucial part of german national identity .

Moreover , federal states , whether they are based on Christian Democratic ‘ subsidiarity ’ theories or on Anglo-Saxon separation of power theories , have been unable to resist the tendency to centralise , from which all states suffer .
[also] , federal states , whether they are based on christian democratic ‘ subsidiarity ’ theories or on anglo-saxon separation of power theories , have been unable to resist the tendency to centralise , from which all states suffer .

Moreover , it should be borne in mind that the process by which this hegemony was established took nearly forty years , from the foundation of the Zollverein in 1834 to the Empire in 1871 .
[also] , it should be borne in mind that the process by which this hegemony was established took nearly forty years , from the foundation of the zollverein in 1834 to the empire in 1871 .

Moreover , Prussia was a net contributor to the Zollverein budget .
[also] , prussia was a net contributor to the zollverein budget .

Moreover , Bismarck sold the idea of the Empire to the other states by saying that it would contain Prussia .
[also] , bismarck sold the idea of the empire to the other states by saying that it would contain prussia .

Moreover , the harmonisation and industrial standardisation with which the German Empire was built is all too familiar a feature of the Commission 's activism .
[also] , the harmonisation and industrial standardisation with which the german empire was built is all too familiar a feature of the commission 's activism .

Moreover , on some occasions ( and the present scenario could well be one ) the economic and social pressures may be pushing in the same direction as educational forces .
[also] , on some occasions ( and the present scenario could well be one ) the economic and social pressures may be pushing in the same direction as educational forces .

Moreover , the cutting edge of management thinking does not fit very easily into this way of thinking — even within the commercial — industrial sector itself .
[also] , the cutting edge of management thinking does not fit very easily into this way of thinking — even within the commercial — industrial sector itself .

So far as situation and facilities go the site is an ideal one and , moreover , it is comparatively close to London and within easy distance of Henley and Shiplake railway stations .
so far as situation and facilities go the site is an ideal one and , [also] , it is comparatively close to london and within easy distance of henley and shiplake railway stations .

Those who believe that they could point out that Loch Ness is very deep , and moreover that it may be connected by a series of subterranean passages with the sea .
those who believe that they could point out that loch ness is very deep , and [also] that it may be connected by a series of subterranean passages with the sea .

Moreover these gods are said to be more part of the world 's spiritual furniture than transcendent of it — perhaps more like the saints in Catholic tradition .
[also] these gods are said to be more part of the world 's spiritual furniture than transcendent of it — perhaps more like the saints in catholic tradition .

Moreover , much of the moral imperative of Judaeo-Christianity , to love one 's enemies , to support the poor and so on , is based upon the idea that God got His own divine hands dirty by becoming associated with actions that promoted such principles .
[also] , much of the moral imperative of judaeo-christianity , to love one 's enemies , to support the poor and so on , is based upon the idea that god got his own divine hands dirty by becoming associated with actions that promoted such principles .

Moreover , none of the possible drivers have any knowledge of inner London routes .
[also] , none of the possible drivers have any knowledge of inner london routes .

Moreover , body temperature and adrenalin rhythms will show a similar disorientation .
[also] , body temperature and adrenalin rhythms will show a similar disorientation .

Moreover , the abnormal timing of bowel habits , of hunger and , particularly , of temperature , performance , and hormone rhythms is difficult to explain in these psychosomatic terms .
[also] , the abnormal timing of bowel habits , of hunger and , particularly , of temperature , performance , and hormone rhythms is difficult to explain in these psychosomatic terms .

Moreover the death of Albert only served to emphasize the emotional burden which he was now craving : the increasing loneliness of the ageing Janie Moore , and the total isolation of his brother .
[also] the death of albert only served to emphasize the emotional burden which he was now craving : the increasing loneliness of the ageing janie moore , and the total isolation of his brother .

Moreover , in showing us what he loves about Tbe Faerie Queene , he shows us in embryo what he hardly knows at this point himself : the sort of books which he himself will excel at .
[also] , in showing us what he loves about tbe faerie queene , he shows us in embryo what he hardly knows at this point himself : the sort of books which he himself will excel at .

He was n't married ; Charlie knew he was n't married ; knew moreover that his steady had chucked him two weeks before .
he was n't married ; charlie knew he was n't married ; knew [also] that his steady had chucked him two weeks before .

Moreover , now that she had achieved the heart 's desire for which she had turned on her shameless , neurotic display , she had become dejected , and walked along meekly , head and tail hanging .
[also] , now that she had achieved the heart 's desire for which she had turned on her shameless , neurotic display , she had become dejected , and walked along meekly , head and tail hanging .

Moreover , discreet intervention by the Bank of England helped to ensure that the pound 's losses were slight .
[also] , discreet intervention by the bank of england helped to ensure that the pound 's losses were slight .

Moreover , in terms of formal managerial rules , the incident could be shown to have been dealt with in terms of the letter of the law .
[also] , in terms of formal managerial rules , the incident could be shown to have been dealt with in terms of the letter of the law .

Moreover , each patch has to be walked by two men : one providing cover for the other while he polices his beat , so that each spends only half of the shift on their particular area .
[also] , each patch has to be walked by two men : one providing cover for the other while he polices his beat , so that each spends only half of the shift on their particular area .

Moreover , her Ladyship did not read those cases as laying down an income bracket suitable for the needs of every former wife of a millionaire .
[also] , her ladyship did not read those cases as laying down an income bracket suitable for the needs of every former wife of a millionaire .

Moreover , he says that the present level of interest rates may mean that instead of prices stagnating next year they could fall by around 10 per cent .
[also] , he says that the present level of interest rates may mean that instead of prices stagnating next year they could fall by around 10 per cent .

Ordinary citizens , moreover , now dare speak out , while the party 's standing is the lowest in 70 years .
ordinary citizens , [also] , now dare speak out , while the party 's standing is the lowest in 70 years .

Moreover , ‘ His role shifted easily from the alienated critic writing art columns for intellectual magazines to an impresario in the New York art-world judged by his commitment to a specific type of art and respected for its ultimate ( commercial and influential ) success .
[also] , ‘ his role shifted easily from the alienated critic writing art columns for intellectual magazines to an impresario in the new york art-world judged by his commitment to a specific type of art and respected for its ultimate ( commercial and influential ) success .

Moreover , the very same Tetley 's who so lovingly restored The Fox are now building , in the heart of a residential suburb not two miles away , an open-plan eating barn that contravenes all the accepted standards of enlightened and community-sensitive pub design .
[also] , the very same tetley 's who so lovingly restored the fox are now building , in the heart of a residential suburb not two miles away , an open-plan eating barn that contravenes all the accepted standards of enlightened and community-sensitive pub design .

Moreover , to the same extent that the representational theory is non-developmental ( recall the Fodor 's argument against learning ) , the constructivist theory is developmental .
[also] , to the same extent that the representational theory is non-developmental ( recall the fodor 's argument against learning ) , the constructivist theory is developmental .

Moreover , we know that people who are born with severe motor impairments develop normal and sometimes supra-normal intelligence .
[also] , we know that people who are born with severe motor impairments develop normal and sometimes supra-normal intelligence .

Moreover , we know that infant memory is remarkably good in other contexts .
[also] , we know that infant memory is remarkably good in other contexts .

Moreover , we showed , in a small study , that non-conservers of length will say that a one-inch and a ten-inch stick are the same length so long as their tips are on a level .
[also] , we showed , in a small study , that non-conservers of length will say that a one-inch and a ten-inch stick are the same length so long as their tips are on a level .

Moreover , a closer look at individual patients provides support for what was said about the heterogeneity of groups at the start of this section .
[also] , a closer look at individual patients provides support for what was said about the heterogeneity of groups at the start of this section .

Moreover , rather as substance dualism tends to do , it seems to undermine the causal role of consciousness in , for example , bringing about or influencing actions .
[also] , rather as substance dualism tends to do , it seems to undermine the causal role of consciousness in , for example , bringing about or influencing actions .

Moreover , there is a clear distinction between present and past perception ( memory ) ; between memory and thought ; between passive and active states of mind ( daydreaming versus active recall , association of ideas versus directed meditation ) ; and between the content and the level of consciousness .
[also] , there is a clear distinction between present and past perception ( memory ) ; between memory and thought ; between passive and active states of mind ( daydreaming versus active recall , association of ideas versus directed meditation ) ; and between the content and the level of consciousness .

Moreover , death is a time of great stress to those you love most .
[also] , death is a time of great stress to those you love most .

Moreover , if a pilot decides not to launch in a situation like this , he must never be overruled or criticised for playing it safe .
[also] , if a pilot decides not to launch in a situation like this , he must never be overruled or criticised for playing it safe .

Moreover , the strength of the kink is so low that it will often fail when the glider is only just off the ground .
[also] , the strength of the kink is so low that it will often fail when the glider is only just off the ground .

Moreover , because it occurs unexpectedly it may well cause a temporary panic .
[also] , because it occurs unexpectedly it may well cause a temporary panic .

Moreover he was a man of great devotion , who upheld the high ideals of the synagogue 's pulpit , the beauty of its services , as well as the splendour of the building itself .
[also] he was a man of great devotion , who upheld the high ideals of the synagogue 's pulpit , the beauty of its services , as well as the splendour of the building itself .

Moreover , it was but a few minutes walk from the Junior School ( Roslyn ) , and only a little further from the senior school ( Westmount High ) to which Esther and Leonard were duly sent .
[also] , it was but a few minutes walk from the junior school ( roslyn ) , and only a little further from the senior school ( westmount high ) to which esther and leonard were duly sent .

Moreover , Lorca influenced Leonard 's world-view too ; his ‘ transcendental and far-reaching ’ ideas about life touched him : ‘ Lorca changed my way of being and thinking radically , ’ he told a Spanish journalist .
[also] , lorca influenced leonard 's world-view too ; his ‘ transcendental and far-reaching ’ ideas about life touched him : ‘ lorca changed my way of being and thinking radically , ’ he told a spanish journalist .

Moreover , Dudek 's scholarship was of a more penetrating kind than anything under which Leonard had yet sat , or was to sit , as became that of a Doctor of Letters from Columbia University .
[also] , dudek 's scholarship was of a more penetrating kind than anything under which leonard had yet sat , or was to sit , as became that of a doctor of letters from columbia university .

Moreover , in his third year , in which he read modern , European and American drama , there were a further 44 works from 20 authors not included in the above list ; some in French !
[also] , in his third year , in which he read modern , european and american drama , there were a further 44 works from 20 authors not included in the above list ; some in french !

Moreover , ‘ a scar is always left on one of the survivors .
[also] , ‘ a scar is always left on one of the survivors .

Moreover , he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not .
[also] , he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of world federalists and communists — do not .

Moreover , he assesses such people ( in his book The Nightmare , 1985 ) as being ‘ markedly open and defenceless , not having developed the psychological protection most people have … they have thin boundaries ( between conscious and unconscious states ) and let things through .
[also] , he assesses such people ( in his book the nightmare , 1985 ) as being ‘ markedly open and defenceless , not having developed the psychological protection most people have … they have thin boundaries ( between conscious and unconscious states ) and let things through .

Moreover , Dudek had taken his doctorate at Columbia , and Federico Garçia Lorca had studied there a few years before Leonard was born .
[also] , dudek had taken his doctorate at columbia , and federico garçia lorca had studied there a few years before leonard was born .

And who , moreover , failed to differentiate between the artist and his art .
and who , [also] , failed to differentiate between the artist and his art .

Moreover , he had added to his possessions a piece of luggage of inestimable value for now - and for the next 30 or so years : his Olivetti 22 portable typewriter , which he had bought in London for £40 , no small investment for those days .
[also] , he had added to his possessions a piece of luggage of inestimable value for now - and for the next 30 or so years : his olivetti 22 portable typewriter , which he had bought in london for £40 , no small investment for those days .

Moreover , it has a culture which is built on a history of defensive skirmishes and has generated a metaphorical language of warfare which looms large in all of its structures of significance .
[also] , it has a culture which is built on a history of defensive skirmishes and has generated a metaphorical language of warfare which looms large in all of its structures of significance .

Moreover , he must come to terms with a new awareness of what he has previously accepted , perhaps without thinking , which under the intense microscope of social enquiry may well seem to verge on the ludicrous or to be morally indefensible .
[also] , he must come to terms with a new awareness of what he has previously accepted , perhaps without thinking , which under the intense microscope of social enquiry may well seem to verge on the ludicrous or to be morally indefensible .

Charles belongs , moreover , to a cast of outcasts , monsters , hustlers and impostors which composes a literary London reminiscent of the early novels of Muriel Spark , and far from brutally inauthentic .
charles belongs , [also] , to a cast of outcasts , monsters , hustlers and impostors which composes a literary london reminiscent of the early novels of muriel spark , and far from brutally inauthentic .

Jaromil 's adventures , moreover , are shrewdly observed .
jaromil 's adventures , [also] , are shrewdly observed .

They are tales , moreover , which do n't do all that much to summon the nostalgic reader .
they are tales , [also] , which do n't do all that much to summon the nostalgic reader .

Moreover , the ordinary soldiers never knew when , if ever , they were going to be moved ; army orders are notoriously arbitrary , capricious and incomprehensible to those receiving them .
[also] , the ordinary soldiers never knew when , if ever , they were going to be moved ; army orders are notoriously arbitrary , capricious and incomprehensible to those receiving them .

Moreover , the influence of genes upon stone properties seems especially indirect .
[also] , the influence of genes upon stone properties seems especially indirect .

Moreover , an ant under the sway of a dope-peddling caterpillar eventually enters a state called ‘ binding ’ , in which it becomes inseparable from its caterpillar for a period of many days .
[also] , an ant under the sway of a dope-peddling caterpillar eventually enters a state called ‘ binding ’ , in which it becomes inseparable from its caterpillar for a period of many days .

Moreover , we have all had human fathers who disciplined us and we respected them for it .
[also] , we have all had human fathers who disciplined us and we respected them for it .

Moreover , most surviving copies are made of marble , which does not perform as bronze .
[also] , most surviving copies are made of marble , which does not perform as bronze .

Balfour 's Act moreover transferred to those same county councils the duty to provide rate support for the denominational schools , which nevertheless kept a considerable degree of autonomy and their particular religious character .
balfour 's act [also] transferred to those same county councils the duty to provide rate support for the denominational schools , which nevertheless kept a considerable degree of autonomy and their particular religious character .

Moreover , the reforms had to be achieved with resources severely diminished by the efforts of war and with the pound at an uncomfortably high rate against the dollar ( $ 4.03 until the devaluation of September 1949 ) .
[also] , the reforms had to be achieved with resources severely diminished by the efforts of war and with the pound at an uncomfortably high rate against the dollar ( $ 4.03 until the devaluation of september 1949 ) .

Moreover , the liberals on the staff were sensibly content that the reforms of 1944 had eliminated all fee-paying from the school , and that they could deliver first-rate academic education to the brighter boys of Battersea .
[also] , the liberals on the staff were sensibly content that the reforms of 1944 had eliminated all fee-paying from the school , and that they could deliver first-rate academic education to the brighter boys of battersea .

Specialization as an educational principle was , moreover , indissolubly linked with particular relationships between teacher and taught , characterized as discipleship , and a special responsibility towards younger and less mature pupils , epitomized in the prefect system .
specialization as an educational principle was , [also] , indissolubly linked with particular relationships between teacher and taught , characterized as discipleship , and a special responsibility towards younger and less mature pupils , epitomized in the prefect system .

Moreover , many of the more able pupils were leaking out of the system : even of the most able 10 per cent , two out of five had left before attaining their sixteenth birthday .
[also] , many of the more able pupils were leaking out of the system : even of the most able 10 per cent , two out of five had left before attaining their sixteenth birthday .

Moreover , the social scientists now began to draw up alongside the social critics in throwing doubt upon the value and achievement of the grammar schools .
[also] , the social scientists now began to draw up alongside the social critics in throwing doubt upon the value and achievement of the grammar schools .

Moreover , we should concentrate less on the education of an élite , and more on the average standards of attainment .
[also] , we should concentrate less on the education of an élite , and more on the average standards of attainment .

In any case , for as long as they remain as powerful as they are and until the country is ready for a proper comprehensive system the grammar school should be preserved : ‘ It would , moreover , be absurd from a socialist point of view to close down the grammar school , while leaving the public schools still holding their present commanding position .
in any case , for as long as they remain as powerful as they are and until the country is ready for a proper comprehensive system the grammar school should be preserved : ‘ it would , [also] , be absurd from a socialist point of view to close down the grammar school , while leaving the public schools still holding their present commanding position .

Moreover , and although certain persuasive remarks were made about the desirability of shifting the balance towards science and technology , no sustained attempt at manpower planning was to be made .
[also] , and although certain persuasive remarks were made about the desirability of shifting the balance towards science and technology , no sustained attempt at manpower planning was to be made .

Moreover , the proportion of the secondary-school population staying on beyond the minimum school-leaving age was steadily rising from 29.2 per cent in 1959 to 51.3 per cent in 1964 , and by 1969 it would be 61.5 per cent .
[also] , the proportion of the secondary-school population staying on beyond the minimum school-leaving age was steadily rising from 29.2 per cent in 1959 to 51.3 per cent in 1964 , and by 1969 it would be 61.5 per cent .

Moreover , an attempt to require ( or even request ) a uniform organizational pattern throughout England and Wales would certainly fail .
[also] , an attempt to require ( or even request ) a uniform organizational pattern throughout england and wales would certainly fail .

Moreover , and as a result of growing numbers in the town and in the school , a building programme had been approved to provide about 600 new places : no decision had been taken about how or where they should be deployed .
[also] , and as a result of growing numbers in the town and in the school , a building programme had been approved to provide about 600 new places : no decision had been taken about how or where they should be deployed .

Moreover , the simple fact that court proceedings have been launched may halt the works .
[also] , the simple fact that court proceedings have been launched may halt the works .

Parks , moreover , can provide significant leisure facilities — and revenue — in their own right .
parks , [also] , can provide significant leisure facilities — and revenue — in their own right .

There is , moreover , increasing recognition of the value of street architecture .
there is , [also] , increasing recognition of the value of street architecture .

Moreover , even when Coward seems to be advocating sexual experimentation , he stops far short of specific details .
[also] , even when coward seems to be advocating sexual experimentation , he stops far short of specific details .

Video installations are , moreover , tricky things to install .
video installations are , [also] , tricky things to install .

Moreover , its attempts to weed out the next Barlow Clowes are not considered impressive .
[also] , its attempts to weed out the next barlow clowes are not considered impressive .

Moreover , you may live in area where children go to middle schools from the ages of 8 or 9 until 12 or 14 .
[also] , you may live in area where children go to middle schools from the ages of 8 or 9 until 12 or 14 .

Moreover the British Government and the Federal Republic mean something quite different about democratic accountability .
[also] the british government and the federal republic mean something quite different about democratic accountability .

Moreover , the insatiable desire of Wall Street , the City and the commercial banks for a share of the action meant that finance was rarely a bar .
[also] , the insatiable desire of wall street , the city and the commercial banks for a share of the action meant that finance was rarely a bar .

Moreover , any watchdog needs teeth .
[also] , any watchdog needs teeth .

Moreover the diocese was not only divided between Anglicans and others .
[also] the diocese was not only divided between anglicans and others .

Moreover the book alienated the only one of Ramsey 's backers who could stand up to the Cambridge establishment .
[also] the book alienated the only one of ramsey 's backers who could stand up to the cambridge establishment .

Moreover we have the proverb that no one is elected to anything except to keep two other people out — and some of Cambridge doubted whether Stephen Neill for all his brilliance was reliable , and thought that neo-Thomism , despite the quality of Mascall 's mind , was a retrograde movement in divinity .
[also] we have the proverb that no one is elected to anything except to keep two other people out — and some of cambridge doubted whether stephen neill for all his brilliance was reliable , and thought that neo-thomism , despite the quality of mascall 's mind , was a retrograde movement in divinity .

Moreover , MacDonald was in principle in favour of an election , but unable to secure agreement upon a formula which could reconcile protectionists and free traders up to the very last moment .
[also] , macdonald was in principle in favour of an election , but unable to secure agreement upon a formula which could reconcile protectionists and free traders up to the very last moment .

Moreover , there was a case for suggesting that the change of ministry in August required the endorsement of the electorate .
[also] , there was a case for suggesting that the change of ministry in august required the endorsement of the electorate .

From 1931 , threats to his leadership disappeared , Moreover , because the Conservatives took with them into the National coalition elements of the Liberal and Labour parties , the party competition of the 1930s became seriously unbalanced , the left being too shattered and divided to offer effective opposition .
from 1931 , threats to his leadership disappeared , [also] , because the conservatives took with them into the national coalition elements of the liberal and labour parties , the party competition of the 1930s became seriously unbalanced , the left being too shattered and divided to offer effective opposition .

At the same time he tried to make an economic case for expenditure in that area : ‘ Moreover , from the trade point of view , this area was probably worth between one and one and a half million employed men to this country .
at the same time he tried to make an economic case for expenditure in that area : ‘ [also] , from the trade point of view , this area was probably worth between one and one and a half million employed men to this country .

Moreover , the whole raison d'être of the Conservative party seemed under threat .
[also] , the whole raison d'être of the conservative party seemed under threat .

Moreover , while the minus is always identifiable and indisputable , the plus is often not identifiable separately or not identifiable as a consequence of the minus .
[also] , while the minus is always identifiable and indisputable , the plus is often not identifiable separately or not identifiable as a consequence of the minus .

Moreover , the commitment of the state to provide education is still quantitatively controlled , in a sense in which the commitment of the National Health Service to provide medical care is not : for example , the state fixes a compulsory period of school attendance , defines the standards of provision in schools within the system , and indicates the stages and branches in which further commitments will be accepted .
[also] , the commitment of the state to provide education is still quantitatively controlled , in a sense in which the commitment of the national health service to provide medical care is not : for example , the state fixes a compulsory period of school attendance , defines the standards of provision in schools within the system , and indicates the stages and branches in which further commitments will be accepted .

Moreover , if the validity of the envy motive is once accepted by a society , there is no limit to the sheer self-destruction which is possible , since no divestment of authority or privilege or difference is capable of neutralising envy : .
[also] , if the validity of the envy motive is once accepted by a society , there is no limit to the sheer self-destruction which is possible , since no divestment of authority or privilege or difference is capable of neutralising envy : .

Sophie moreover actually had a job , had an income , which was beginning to be something of a pressing issue , inflation and the changing climate began to bite into their indifferent superiority to the outside world and they had given no thought as to how to fight that .
sophie [also] actually had a job , had an income , which was beginning to be something of a pressing issue , inflation and the changing climate began to bite into their indifferent superiority to the outside world and they had given no thought as to how to fight that .

Moreover the young hero was never alone ; he always had a pure process , waiting for him , holding the thread of life which would protect him from the flames and the teeth and the dark belly of the monster .
[also] the young hero was never alone ; he always had a pure process , waiting for him , holding the thread of life which would protect him from the flames and the teeth and the dark belly of the monster .

Moreover , Kemp hints at the diverse uses of perspective which offer a rich commentary on European history .
[also] , kemp hints at the diverse uses of perspective which offer a rich commentary on european history .

Moreover , in the Opticks he identified seven colours in the spectrum and described a circle divided into seven segments that could be used to account for colour mixing .
[also] , in the opticks he identified seven colours in the spectrum and described a circle divided into seven segments that could be used to account for colour mixing .

Moreover , the analysis of skills provides a common topic of research for both art and science historians .
[also] , the analysis of skills provides a common topic of research for both art and science historians .

Moreover , Levin claims that the Situationists never lost sight of their own contradictions , ‘ by consenting to act in culture ’ as a precondition of their co-existence in the present order .
[also] , levin claims that the situationists never lost sight of their own contradictions , ‘ by consenting to act in culture ’ as a precondition of their co-existence in the present order .

Moreover , the notion of art 's ‘ single supersession ’ , an histrionic claim , would benefit from some kind of historical and theoretical contextualisation .
[also] , the notion of art 's ‘ single supersession ’ , an histrionic claim , would benefit from some kind of historical and theoretical contextualisation .

Moreover , club directors were tolerably insulated from outside pressure .
[also] , club directors were tolerably insulated from outside pressure .

Moreover , the nature of crowd behaviour may be different from the past not just in style but in substance .
[also] , the nature of crowd behaviour may be different from the past not just in style but in substance .

Moreover , Sweeney is an ironic Bacchus to his own Ariadne .
[also] , sweeney is an ironic bacchus to his own ariadne .

Moreover , he had emphasized to Kreymborg his wish to preordain every move and gesture and grouping .
[also] , he had emphasized to kreymborg his wish to preordain every move and gesture and grouping .

Moreover this level of inter-party agreement has persisted since 1970 .
[also] this level of inter-party agreement has persisted since 1970 .

Moreover , these trends are likely to increase ( aided by the Conservative government ) as a result of privatization , council house sales , and the growth of home-ownership and the southward drift of population .
[also] , these trends are likely to increase ( aided by the conservative government ) as a result of privatization , council house sales , and the growth of home-ownership and the southward drift of population .

Moreover , because of the first-past-the-post electoral system and the predominantly two-party system , it has been one of the few parties of the left able to form a government on its own .
[also] , because of the first-past-the-post electoral system and the predominantly two-party system , it has been one of the few parties of the left able to form a government on its own .

Moreover , it is not true that prior to the nineteenth century ( or eighteenth , depending on when the change was said to occur ) sexual deviance was conceptualized only as a form of behaviour .
[also] , it is not true that prior to the nineteenth century ( or eighteenth , depending on when the change was said to occur ) sexual deviance was conceptualized only as a form of behaviour .

Moreover , despite their restraint , ‘ the Black Panthers could n't throw oft their mutual attraction .
[also] , despite their restraint , ‘ the black panthers could n't throw oft their mutual attraction .

Moreover , the spread of scores was greatest on issue-information and least on vote-guidance .
[also] , the spread of scores was greatest on issue-information and least on vote-guidance .

Moreover the Politburo can argue both that political pluralism is no panacea for economic problems , and that it is much easier to apply in Poland than in the vast multi-ethnic Soviet empire .
[also] the politburo can argue both that political pluralism is no panacea for economic problems , and that it is much easier to apply in poland than in the vast multi-ethnic soviet empire .

Woe betide a Soviet regime which shoots Russian and Eastern Ukrainian miners , the elite of the working class in the supposed land of the proletariat , and does so moreover in an era when suppression of news is no longer possible and society is rapidly organising itself autonomously of the state .
woe betide a soviet regime which shoots russian and eastern ukrainian miners , the elite of the working class in the supposed land of the proletariat , and does so [also] in an era when suppression of news is no longer possible and society is rapidly organising itself autonomously of the state .

Such systems , moreover , encourage incrementalist rather than ideological approaches , which have resulted in a successful mix of market economics and welfare .
such systems , [also] , encourage incrementalist rather than ideological approaches , which have resulted in a successful mix of market economics and welfare .

Moreover , the important , though limited , concessions to the unions which Neil Kinnock has now made , are based on the false premise that current legislation is unbalanced and unfair and renders effective strike action impossible .
[also] , the important , though limited , concessions to the unions which neil kinnock has now made , are based on the false premise that current legislation is unbalanced and unfair and renders effective strike action impossible .

Moreover , the tactics that the police employed raise wider questions about their motives in mounting this massive — and very costly — operation .
[also] , the tactics that the police employed raise wider questions about their motives in mounting this massive — and very costly — operation .

The hospital , moreover , is perfectly located for a swift getaway , just yards from the Brussels ring road and the motorway to Paris .
the hospital , [also] , is perfectly located for a swift getaway , just yards from the brussels ring road and the motorway to paris .

Moreover , its big-name client base so far is largely confined to Sainsbury , Gateway and the main petrol retailers .
[also] , its big-name client base so far is largely confined to sainsbury , gateway and the main petrol retailers .

Moreover , the refrigeration sector is fragmented and offers considerable scope for expansion by acquisitions .
[also] , the refrigeration sector is fragmented and offers considerable scope for expansion by acquisitions .

Moreover , opinion polls suggested that huge majorities opposed the sale of the water and electricity industries .
[also] , opinion polls suggested that huge majorities opposed the sale of the water and electricity industries .

Moreover , to predict that an incoming Labour government would surely be faced with a mess far greater than any previous inheritance by a new administration is a double-edged weapon .
[also] , to predict that an incoming labour government would surely be faced with a mess far greater than any previous inheritance by a new administration is a double-edged weapon .

Moreover , it would not require the high administrative and technical costs of road pricing .
[also] , it would not require the high administrative and technical costs of road pricing .

Certain chemical structures are inherently more biodegradable than others ; moreover , the aqueous phase solubility , adsorptivity , molecular size and the nature of the chemical bonds within the molecule all affect the ability of a microorganism to metabolise the molecule .
certain chemical structures are inherently more biodegradable than others ; [also] , the aqueous phase solubility , adsorptivity , molecular size and the nature of the chemical bonds within the molecule all affect the ability of a microorganism to metabolise the molecule .

Moreover , water is often heated and pumped , and so minimising water use is another way of minimising energy consumption .
[also] , water is often heated and pumped , and so minimising water use is another way of minimising energy consumption .

it considers such an education to be the greatest safeguard against the dangerous growth of State power , to be indispensable for the preservation of an effective democracy and to be the one , moreover , which can only be the province of a voluntary independent movement ;
it considers such an education to be the greatest safeguard against the dangerous growth of state power , to be indispensable for the preservation of an effective democracy and to be the one , [also] , which can only be the province of a voluntary independent movement ;

Moreover , he learned from his own experience that the most profitable truths were not the finer details of theology but the great essential teachings of Christianity .
[also] , he learned from his own experience that the most profitable truths were not the finer details of theology but the great essential teachings of christianity .

There was moreover , a young man in the congregation who lapsed into this sin .
there was [also] , a young man in the congregation who lapsed into this sin .

Moreover , it was his heart 's desire that the cause of the Gospel would flourish throughout the whole country and even beyond .
[also] , it was his heart 's desire that the cause of the gospel would flourish throughout the whole country and even beyond .

Moreover , it could be argued that prisoners are more at risk of further offences than probationers because of , first , their commission of relatively more serious offences , and second , their more extensive and therefore more entrenched criminal careers .
[also] , it could be argued that prisoners are more at risk of further offences than probationers because of , first , their commission of relatively more serious offences , and second , their more extensive and therefore more entrenched criminal careers .

Moreover , children attending school and adults turning up for work inevitably have their liberty restricted : simply because the engagement in one activity necessarily restricts their opportunity to participate in other activities , that is , restriction by effect .
[also] , children attending school and adults turning up for work inevitably have their liberty restricted : simply because the engagement in one activity necessarily restricts their opportunity to participate in other activities , that is , restriction by effect .

Moreover , the conclusions of the studies which do consider the effectiveness of participation are by no means clear or unanimous .
[also] , the conclusions of the studies which do consider the effectiveness of participation are by no means clear or unanimous .

Provided the counties , or other entrepreneurs , do not try to fill the gaps with spurious additional games — a serious danger which must be avoided — they should be better prepared to play good cricket on pitches , moreover , which should also be better prepared .
provided the counties , or other entrepreneurs , do not try to fill the gaps with spurious additional games — a serious danger which must be avoided — they should be better prepared to play good cricket on pitches , [also] , which should also be better prepared .

Moreover , counties take more spinners into four-day matches than they do into three-day games and to win the Championship two decent spin bowlers are essential in a year of normal weather .
[also] , counties take more spinners into four-day matches than they do into three-day games and to win the championship two decent spin bowlers are essential in a year of normal weather .

Moreover , your sterling will go a long way — not a small consideration .
[also] , your sterling will go a long way — not a small consideration .

These 32 places , moreover , were an inheritance from the capital planning approach which pre-dated the department 's establishment of the CMHTs .
these 32 places , [also] , were an inheritance from the capital planning approach which pre-dated the department 's establishment of the cmhts .

Moreover , development work is not in opposition to more traditional social work activities , rather it is an essential range of skills — and even more essential philosophical commitment — which focuses on the pursuit of ‘ vertically efficient ’ work .
[also] , development work is not in opposition to more traditional social work activities , rather it is an essential range of skills — and even more essential philosophical commitment — which focuses on the pursuit of ‘ vertically efficient ’ work .

Moreover , the joint police-social worker approach to sexual abuse investigations in Rochdale adds enormously to the professional meeting time ( during the investigation and pre-conference ) .
[also] , the joint police-social worker approach to sexual abuse investigations in rochdale adds enormously to the professional meeting time ( during the investigation and pre-conference ) .

Moreover , some sixty per cent of children in residential care manifest serious behavioural problems including , absconding , truancy , vagrancy , aggression , sexual problems , and offending .
[also] , some sixty per cent of children in residential care manifest serious behavioural problems including , absconding , truancy , vagrancy , aggression , sexual problems , and offending .

Moreover , a sizeable minority of services ( 18 per cent in Flanders , and 9 per cent in the Netherlands ) still fail to involve young people in decisions about admission ( Hellinckx and Munter , 1990 ; Ploeg and Scholte , 1988 ) .
[also] , a sizeable minority of services ( 18 per cent in flanders , and 9 per cent in the netherlands ) still fail to involve young people in decisions about admission ( hellinckx and munter , 1990 ; ploeg and scholte , 1988 ) .

Moreover , few families can have such secure or cheap fuel supplies today as those who can obtain their annual needs from only a few days work spent cutting , drying , hauling and stacking peat .
[also] , few families can have such secure or cheap fuel supplies today as those who can obtain their annual needs from only a few days work spent cutting , drying , hauling and stacking peat .

Moreover , as will be shown below , since much of government spending was financed outside the budget , by expanding the money supply , the government continued to run a very large overall deficit .
[also] , as will be shown below , since much of government spending was financed outside the budget , by expanding the money supply , the government continued to run a very large overall deficit .

Moreover , each of these characteristics tends to change rather rapidly over time , as the monetary authorities try to establish controls that are more or less effective .
[also] , each of these characteristics tends to change rather rapidly over time , as the monetary authorities try to establish controls that are more or less effective .

Moreover , everyone who holds cash or non-interest-bearing deposits in banks finds himself in the camp of the wealth-losing lenders .
[also] , everyone who holds cash or non-interest-bearing deposits in banks finds himself in the camp of the wealth-losing lenders .

Moreover , the rate of interest offered on the Agrokomerc bills were ‘ attractive ’ ( presumably well over 50 per cent ) .
[also] , the rate of interest offered on the agrokomerc bills were ‘ attractive ’ ( presumably well over 50 per cent ) .

Moreover , when one group of enterprises is given the privilege of retaining foreign exchange while others are obliged to apply for administrative allocations , which they know that they will frequently not receive , or to buy foreign exchange on the black market at a high price , the latter enterprises begin to think of all sorts of reasons why they too should receive part of the foreign exchange proceeds of exports .
[also] , when one group of enterprises is given the privilege of retaining foreign exchange while others are obliged to apply for administrative allocations , which they know that they will frequently not receive , or to buy foreign exchange on the black market at a high price , the latter enterprises begin to think of all sorts of reasons why they too should receive part of the foreign exchange proceeds of exports .

Moreover , barter agreements are a very inefficient method of trading , and their continuation would have depressed Yugoslavia 's economic performance even further .
[also] , barter agreements are a very inefficient method of trading , and their continuation would have depressed yugoslavia 's economic performance even further .

Moreover , among persons of working age in Kosovo , less than a quarter have jobs in the social sector , because there are many small peasant households ( with very low incomes ) and a high level of unemployment .
[also] , among persons of working age in kosovo , less than a quarter have jobs in the social sector , because there are many small peasant households ( with very low incomes ) and a high level of unemployment .

Moreover , subsequent events suggest that Serbian nationalism is deeply entrenched in the Serbian Party .
[also] , subsequent events suggest that serbian nationalism is deeply entrenched in the serbian party .

Moreover , Dittmar takes a very dim view of Jansher 's behaviour , because it has occurred before .
[also] , dittmar takes a very dim view of jansher 's behaviour , because it has occurred before .

The Government is , moreover , committed to markets , which can not work well without reliable information , and are severely damaged by misleading data .
the government is , [also] , committed to markets , which can not work well without reliable information , and are severely damaged by misleading data .

When Berg describes the Goldwyns moving house , moreover , to 1800 Camino Palmero or 1200 Laurel Lane , you could probably find your way round the properties blindfold on his description .
when berg describes the goldwyns moving house , [also] , to 1800 camino palmero or 1200 laurel lane , you could probably find your way round the properties blindfold on his description .

Moreover , the number of new members seeking to join could be significantly lower than last year .
[also] , the number of new members seeking to join could be significantly lower than last year .

Moreover , they interpret a piece of music and make it their own , even if they have never encountered the given orchestra until a few hours before .
[also] , they interpret a piece of music and make it their own , even if they have never encountered the given orchestra until a few hours before .

Moreover the hitherto unstoppable rise in property value has formed an apparently solid base for the credit spiral which so bedevils government economic policy .
[also] the hitherto unstoppable rise in property value has formed an apparently solid base for the credit spiral which so bedevils government economic policy .

Moreover , since Michael Heseltine 's departure , there is no one in Mrs Thatcher 's Cabinet to remind her of the nature of Entrepreneurial Man .
[also] , since michael heseltine 's departure , there is no one in mrs thatcher 's cabinet to remind her of the nature of entrepreneurial man .

Moreover it is not true that ‘ the balance of payments remained healthy ’ .
[also] it is not true that ‘ the balance of payments remained healthy ’ .

Moreover , the Labour Party does not seek a mandate for its policies from the Northern Ireland electorate .
[also] , the labour party does not seek a mandate for its policies from the northern ireland electorate .

Moreover , if the Labour Party really threw its energies into the task of winning support in Northern Ireland there is no telling what might happen .
[also] , if the labour party really threw its energies into the task of winning support in northern ireland there is no telling what might happen .

Moreover , the borderlines between the various degrees would raise questions of law , which would provide much opportunity for legal argument and for appeals .
[also] , the borderlines between the various degrees would raise questions of law , which would provide much opportunity for legal argument and for appeals .

The fault element is fairly substantial , since the Lawrence definition refers to an obvious and serious risk of at least substantial damage to property : there will be few cases where only such damage , and no risk to personal safety , is involved ; moreover , as argued above , a major reason for having rules of the road which all drivers should know is to reduce the risk of injuries and deaths resulting .
the fault element is fairly substantial , since the lawrence definition refers to an obvious and serious risk of at least substantial damage to property : there will be few cases where only such damage , and no risk to personal safety , is involved ; [also] , as argued above , a major reason for having rules of the road which all drivers should know is to reduce the risk of injuries and deaths resulting .

Moreover , the maximum penalty for the section 47 offence is five years ' imprisonment , with no apparent justification for the strange approach of making the penalty equivalent to the higher offence on the ‘ ladder ’ ( the section 20 offence ) , and the fault requirement equivalent to the lower offence on the ‘ ladder ’ ( common assault , with a maximum of six months ' imprisonment ) .
[also] , the maximum penalty for the section 47 offence is five years ' imprisonment , with no apparent justification for the strange approach of making the penalty equivalent to the higher offence on the ‘ ladder ’ ( the section 20 offence ) , and the fault requirement equivalent to the lower offence on the ‘ ladder ’ ( common assault , with a maximum of six months ' imprisonment ) .

Moreover , the supporters of Morgan add , this should not lead to unmeritorious acquittals , because juries will not allow bogus defences to succeed : in Morgan itself the House of Lords was satisfied that the basis for the defence was so weak that a correctly directed jury would have found the defendants guilty .
[also] , the supporters of morgan add , this should not lead to unmeritorious acquittals , because juries will not allow bogus defences to succeed : in morgan itself the house of lords was satisfied that the basis for the defence was so weak that a correctly directed jury would have found the defendants guilty .

‘ They belong to your servant Jacob ; they are a present sent to my lord Esau ; and moreover he is behind us .
‘ they belong to your servant jacob ; they are a present sent to my lord esau ; and [also] he is behind us .

Moreover , pulling the foil tops off the spray containers can be very awkward with gloved hands , as many sprayer operators will ruefully admit .
[also] , pulling the foil tops off the spray containers can be very awkward with gloved hands , as many sprayer operators will ruefully admit .

Moreover , the synchronised forward-reverse lever and the electro-hydraulic high-low splitter are definitely good points .
[also] , the synchronised forward-reverse lever and the electro-hydraulic high-low splitter are definitely good points .

Moreover , the system can be as basic or as sophisticated as required .
[also] , the system can be as basic or as sophisticated as required .

Moreover , it supported the introduction of such measures in order to ensure that social inequality was removed and that more children from the deprived families survived their childhood .
[also] , it supported the introduction of such measures in order to ensure that social inequality was removed and that more children from the deprived families survived their childhood .

Moreover , as the war continued , the government was increasingly dependent on the support of union officials and the status of trade unions rose to a level which had previously appeared inconceivable .
[also] , as the war continued , the government was increasingly dependent on the support of union officials and the status of trade unions rose to a level which had previously appeared inconceivable .

Moreover the Brigadier was far too busy reminiscing with Lady Southdown , talking politics with Lord Southdown , and flirting mildly with Clarissa on his other side .
[also] the brigadier was far too busy reminiscing with lady southdown , talking politics with lord southdown , and flirting mildly with clarissa on his other side .

Moreover , aspiring members of this new class were not only moving about the country ; they were also moving upward , abandoning grandparents who could not keep up , or did not wish to do so .
[also] , aspiring members of this new class were not only moving about the country ; they were also moving upward , abandoning grandparents who could not keep up , or did not wish to do so .

Moreover , until the end of the century infant mortality remained at the deplorably high rate of 150 deaths per 1,000 live births .
[also] , until the end of the century infant mortality remained at the deplorably high rate of 150 deaths per 1,000 live births .

We tend now to think of Classical bronze statuary , for example , as being covered with a fine green or deep brown patina , and moreover that this was their original state .
we tend now to think of classical bronze statuary , for example , as being covered with a fine green or deep brown patina , and [also] that this was their original state .

Moreover , it is likely that , in many tribal societies , this ability of women to bleed and not die was not seen simply as negative .
[also] , it is likely that , in many tribal societies , this ability of women to bleed and not die was not seen simply as negative .

Moreover she had the real comfort of knowing that her community appreciated what she was doing ; more , her life excited such admiration that after her death the interment had to be delayed for some days for fear of riots .
[also] she had the real comfort of knowing that her community appreciated what she was doing ; more , her life excited such admiration that after her death the interment had to be delayed for some days for fear of riots .

Moreover if we wish to interpret ‘ consolations ’ in a rather more modern way we can not but admire the efficiency with which she took control of her own life .
[also] if we wish to interpret ‘ consolations ’ in a rather more modern way we can not but admire the efficiency with which she took control of her own life .

Moreover many products are extremely expensive and attractive for sundry unauthorised uses .
[also] many products are extremely expensive and attractive for sundry unauthorised uses .

Moreover , the creation of political boundaries in the Sahelian countries during colonial and post-colonial times has actually contributed to the disruption of a carefully regulated system of pastoral movements and pastoral-agricultural symbiosis , leading to environmental deterioration and desertification ( Franke & Chasin 1980 : Ch.3 & p.98 ) .
[also] , the creation of political boundaries in the sahelian countries during colonial and post-colonial times has actually contributed to the disruption of a carefully regulated system of pastoral movements and pastoral-agricultural symbiosis , leading to environmental deterioration and desertification ( franke & chasin 1980 : ch.3 & p.98 ) .

The conservation measures put forward by the British and Belgian colonial authorities were highly demanding of labour and moreover symbolised the logic of expropriation and more general exploitation by the colonial powers .
the conservation measures put forward by the british and belgian colonial authorities were highly demanding of labour and [also] symbolised the logic of expropriation and more general exploitation by the colonial powers .

It was interesting , moreover , to see that Conductive Education groups at the Institute were not limited to children with severe motor problems .
it was interesting , [also] , to see that conductive education groups at the institute were not limited to children with severe motor problems .

Moreover , 87 % think that the Royals should be protected from photographers when not on official duty .
[also] , 87 % think that the royals should be protected from photographers when not on official duty .

Moreover , while the new narrative has undoubtedly been influenced by European and North-American fiction , and by Joyce , Faulkner and the nouveau roman in particular , the new novelists have had the maturity and self-confidence to assimilate influences and to develop their own distinctive literary voice , and thus to make their own original contribution to world literature .
[also] , while the new narrative has undoubtedly been influenced by european and north-american fiction , and by joyce , faulkner and the nouveau roman in particular , the new novelists have had the maturity and self-confidence to assimilate influences and to develop their own distinctive literary voice , and thus to make their own original contribution to world literature .

Moreover , the narrative , based on Mexican myths about life after death , is narrated from the grave , where Comala 's former inhabitants , far from finding release in the afterlife , are condemned to relive eternally the frustrations and torments of their earthly existence .
[also] , the narrative , based on mexican myths about life after death , is narrated from the grave , where comala 's former inhabitants , far from finding release in the afterlife , are condemned to relive eternally the frustrations and torments of their earthly existence .

Moreover , in these works one can see the beginnings of Burn 's highly systematised manner of design : the Merchant Maiden and Greenock Custom House had the same strict 1:4 ratio of height to width as Covent Garden while standard scales were , as far as circumstances would allow , adopted for the orders and such things as doorcases .
[also] , in these works one can see the beginnings of burn 's highly systematised manner of design : the merchant maiden and greenock custom house had the same strict 1:4 ratio of height to width as covent garden while standard scales were , as far as circumstances would allow , adopted for the orders and such things as doorcases .

Moreover , while the Soviet Union welcomed the chance to help Egypt and other revolutionary Arab states to evict their old colonial masters , it did not wish to make them strong enough to become independent of itself .
[also] , while the soviet union welcomed the chance to help egypt and other revolutionary arab states to evict their old colonial masters , it did not wish to make them strong enough to become independent of itself .

Moreover the situation is likely to remain insecure , since in the longer term nationals of the Gulf countries will be preferred for better paid employment .
[also] the situation is likely to remain insecure , since in the longer term nationals of the gulf countries will be preferred for better paid employment .

Moreover , there were long-standing and intimate links between the Muslim Brotherhood and Fatah .
[also] , there were long-standing and intimate links between the muslim brotherhood and fatah .

Moreover , some 70 % of the public disapproved of the tax , with 50 % considering it the decisive issue in determining the way they would vote .
[also] , some 70 % of the public disapproved of the tax , with 50 % considering it the decisive issue in determining the way they would vote .

Moreover , the civil and political status and rights of the citizen , central to such a reform , must be enshrined in a bill of rights .
[also] , the civil and political status and rights of the citizen , central to such a reform , must be enshrined in a bill of rights .

Moreover , although these issues were thrown into sharp relief during the Thatcher administrations , Labour governments had been hardly more liberal .
[also] , although these issues were thrown into sharp relief during the thatcher administrations , labour governments had been hardly more liberal .

Moreover , defence of rights may indeed require activity in the form of very vigorous protest .
[also] , defence of rights may indeed require activity in the form of very vigorous protest .

Moreover , it had become clear from the opinion polls that the unpopularity of the new tax was being laid at the door of the government which had introduced it , rather than the local authorities who were responsible for levying and collecting it .
[also] , it had become clear from the opinion polls that the unpopularity of the new tax was being laid at the door of the government which had introduced it , rather than the local authorities who were responsible for levying and collecting it .

’ Moreover , since teachers usually travel free , there is a sneaking suspicion that many exotic trips owe their genesis less to the intrinsic fascination of the flora and fauna than to the fact that the geography master has always wanted to visit Thailand .
’ [also] , since teachers usually travel free , there is a sneaking suspicion that many exotic trips owe their genesis less to the intrinsic fascination of the flora and fauna than to the fact that the geography master has always wanted to visit thailand .

Moreover , although the Queen 's Park pitch looks to be true and lacking in pace , there must be serious concern about the South African batsmen .
[also] , although the queen 's park pitch looks to be true and lacking in pace , there must be serious concern about the south african batsmen .

Moreover , hospital early discharge schemes have been slow to develop , yet are immensely popular where they have taken root .
[also] , hospital early discharge schemes have been slow to develop , yet are immensely popular where they have taken root .

Moreover , Labour has jettisoned its traditional ideological baggage without acquiring any new ideas distinctively its own .
[also] , labour has jettisoned its traditional ideological baggage without acquiring any new ideas distinctively its own .

Moreover , since they are allowed to divide their investment income between the two of them — something that is not permitted with earned income — they could each stay below Labour 's new 50 per cent band , which starts at £40,000 .
[also] , since they are allowed to divide their investment income between the two of them — something that is not permitted with earned income — they could each stay below labour 's new 50 per cent band , which starts at £40,000 .

Moreover whole hops used for dry hopping take seven to 10 days for the character to be extracted and then slowly decline .
[also] whole hops used for dry hopping take seven to 10 days for the character to be extracted and then slowly decline .

Moreover the novel takes up the remark to Katkov that the criminal ‘ himself morally demands ’ his punishment ( which on its own might mean no more than that Dostoevsky had been reading Hegel or popularized Hegel ) , and builds some marvellous effects upon it .
[also] the novel takes up the remark to katkov that the criminal ‘ himself morally demands ’ his punishment ( which on its own might mean no more than that dostoevsky had been reading hegel or popularized hegel ) , and builds some marvellous effects upon it .

Moreover , Porfiry adds , ‘ what will you run away with ?
[also] , porfiry adds , ‘ what will you run away with ?

Moreover , it is notoriously difficult to predict the costs of major infrastructural projects , almost all of which run wildly over budget .
[also] , it is notoriously difficult to predict the costs of major infrastructural projects , almost all of which run wildly over budget .

Can there be anything more telling about the deviousness of these people than his account of how they actually put on television and interviewed a man who was said to have died while in a prison cell , and that , moreover , they did it with the sole motive of demonstrating that he was alive and in good health .
can there be anything more telling about the deviousness of these people than his account of how they actually put on television and interviewed a man who was said to have died while in a prison cell , and that , [also] , they did it with the sole motive of demonstrating that he was alive and in good health .

Moreover Prothero , a historian , perhaps had no ideas about poetic diction one way or the other ; Pound , as we have seen , thought himself victimized by Prothero not for anything to do with writing but for having championed Lewis the painter and Gaudier the sculptor .
[also] prothero , a historian , perhaps had no ideas about poetic diction one way or the other ; pound , as we have seen , thought himself victimized by prothero not for anything to do with writing but for having championed lewis the painter and gaudier the sculptor .

Moreover these were the years when Pound was writing Canto 30 :
[also] these were the years when pound was writing canto 30 :

But for the moment , that 's not the point — which is rather that those who have been , legitimately or at least understandably , affronted by the pretensions of Olson as poet should not therefore write him off as anything but what he was : an exceptionally earnest and magnanimous man , and a man moreover who knew , as few poets since John Milton have known , what the polity looks like from the point of view of those who administer it day by day .
but for the moment , that 's not the point — which is rather that those who have been , legitimately or at least understandably , affronted by the pretensions of olson as poet should not therefore write him off as anything but what he was : an exceptionally earnest and magnanimous man , and a man [also] who knew , as few poets since john milton have known , what the polity looks like from the point of view of those who administer it day by day .

Moreover , even if we allow ‘ America ’ to mean only the United States , the Old World needs to remember that there are more Americas than one .
[also] , even if we allow ‘ america ’ to mean only the united states , the old world needs to remember that there are more americas than one .

Moreover Pound 's anti-Semitism , later so notorious , certainly casts a sinister light on his readiness to broach these issues .
[also] pound 's anti-semitism , later so notorious , certainly casts a sinister light on his readiness to broach these issues .

Moreover Pound had reached Williams 's conclusion about literary London , and in 1920 left for Paris , whence in 1924 he moved to Rapallo .
[also] pound had reached williams 's conclusion about literary london , and in 1920 left for paris , whence in 1924 he moved to rapallo .

Moreover in some important respects Pound was more old-fashioned than Eliot .
[also] in some important respects pound was more old-fashioned than eliot .

Moreover , the advice that in 1932 Tate implicitly offered — ‘ Read Pound 's poetry , and ignore his criticism ’ — was disingenuous .
[also] , the advice that in 1932 tate implicitly offered — ‘ read pound 's poetry , and ignore his criticism ’ — was disingenuous .

Moreover , the four biggest growers and exporters — India , Sri Lanka , China and Kenya — also have large populations and / or high birth rates .
[also] , the four biggest growers and exporters — india , sri lanka , china and kenya — also have large populations and / or high birth rates .

Moreover , the cable will move with the current , more violently in shallow water and close to a shoreline .
[also] , the cable will move with the current , more violently in shallow water and close to a shoreline .

Moreover , it seems as if the Thatcherite revolution has still not penetrated the dark towers of Marsham Street .
[also] , it seems as if the thatcherite revolution has still not penetrated the dark towers of marsham street .

Moreover , the dancers involved have to take this type of performance very seriously , even though they must be able to ‘ toss off ’ the mistakes with an air of surprised innocence .
[also] , the dancers involved have to take this type of performance very seriously , even though they must be able to ‘ toss off ’ the mistakes with an air of surprised innocence .

Moreover , as has been noted earlier , all character dance movements must be more strongly marked both physically and musically than the demi-caractère versions of the same steps .
[also] , as has been noted earlier , all character dance movements must be more strongly marked both physically and musically than the demi-caractère versions of the same steps .

Moreover , to close all nuclear power stations would consign 100,000 workers to the dole queues .
[also] , to close all nuclear power stations would consign 100,000 workers to the dole queues .

Until the launch of the so-called ‘ minor tranquillisers ’ in the early Sixties , anxiety was seen as an inevitable everyday experience , and , moreover , as a valuable psychological spur compelling us to take stock of things if they went wrong .
until the launch of the so-called ‘ minor tranquillisers ’ in the early sixties , anxiety was seen as an inevitable everyday experience , and , [also] , as a valuable psychological spur compelling us to take stock of things if they went wrong .

Moreover , in a clear indication of the growing influence of the European Parliament , Mr Delors assured MEPs yesterday that the commission would bring forward three important measures to improve the rights of Europe 's workers .
[also] , in a clear indication of the growing influence of the european parliament , mr delors assured meps yesterday that the commission would bring forward three important measures to improve the rights of europe 's workers .

Moreover , they come on top of an unhappy experience with foreign currency borrowing for most of the Eastern European countries during the Seventies .
[also] , they come on top of an unhappy experience with foreign currency borrowing for most of the eastern european countries during the seventies .

Moreover , they have maintained relatively high standards of education .
[also] , they have maintained relatively high standards of education .

Moreover , the Dutch visit to Cagliari on June 16 will be fleeting ; a lot of their fans will travel in and out on the day .
[also] , the dutch visit to cagliari on june 16 will be fleeting ; a lot of their fans will travel in and out on the day .

Moreover , the human body is not simply a bag of cells ; no one knows how years of microgravity would affect the complex interaction between cells in an organ and between organs themselves .
[also] , the human body is not simply a bag of cells ; no one knows how years of microgravity would affect the complex interaction between cells in an organ and between organs themselves .

Moreover , he says , Delta 's haemoglobin is guaranteed to be free of the viruses that could contaminate the blood-derived product , and of any residual matter from the blood cells that might trigger allergic reactions in patients .
[also] , he says , delta 's haemoglobin is guaranteed to be free of the viruses that could contaminate the blood-derived product , and of any residual matter from the blood cells that might trigger allergic reactions in patients .

Next , the tenor , who was engaged as a stop-gap , is a church singer from Lodi who has never before acted on such a big stage , who has only taken the part of the primo tenore a couple of times , and who moreover was only engaged a week before the performance .
next , the tenor , who was engaged as a stop-gap , is a church singer from lodi who has never before acted on such a big stage , who has only taken the part of the primo tenore a couple of times , and who [also] was only engaged a week before the performance .

Moreover , at the heart of the ‘ parents ' charter ’ is the appeals system , to which parents have a right ( under section 7 of the Act ) to refer their claim .
[also] , at the heart of the ‘ parents ' charter ’ is the appeals system , to which parents have a right ( under section 7 of the act ) to refer their claim .

Moreover , an important principle in the 1981 Act is that of ‘ integration ’ — the education of many of the children with special needs must , so far as practicable , take place in ordinary schools .
[also] , an important principle in the 1981 act is that of ‘ integration ’ — the education of many of the children with special needs must , so far as practicable , take place in ordinary schools .

Moreover , is the concept of ‘ family life ’ restricted to heterosexual relationships ?
[also] , is the concept of ‘ family life ’ restricted to heterosexual relationships ?

Moreover , it would have undermined the important principle of consistency in the response to like cases which should underpin any punishment regime .
[also] , it would have undermined the important principle of consistency in the response to like cases which should underpin any punishment regime .

Moreover , corporal punishment could amount to ‘ degrading treatment or punishment ’ , contrary to Article 3 of the Convention .
[also] , corporal punishment could amount to ‘ degrading treatment or punishment ’ , contrary to article 3 of the convention .

Moreover , Purefoy may have made unreasonable demands on those who worked for him .
[also] , purefoy may have made unreasonable demands on those who worked for him .

Moreover , she is willing to connect her poor appearance with her interest in literature .
[also] , she is willing to connect her poor appearance with her interest in literature .

Moreover , one can extend secondary relationships to the kin and compadres of a compadre , with whom one has a primary relationship .
[also] , one can extend secondary relationships to the kin and compadres of a compadre , with whom one has a primary relationship .

Moreover , clientelism prevents the peasant making contact with the wider society .
[also] , clientelism prevents the peasant making contact with the wider society .

Moreover , subsistence plots produce goods at competitive prices by the working of long hours , using unpaid household labour and accepting low standards of subsistence .
[also] , subsistence plots produce goods at competitive prices by the working of long hours , using unpaid household labour and accepting low standards of subsistence .

Moreover , the necessity for greater capital and technological inputs and the move away from a subsistence agriculture involved the peasant in greater risks .
[also] , the necessity for greater capital and technological inputs and the move away from a subsistence agriculture involved the peasant in greater risks .

Moreover , to the extent that in order to establish or preserve a just government a qualified recognition of authority is necessary , such recognition in itself , independently of consent , is sufficient to establish a suitably qualified obligation to obey .
[also] , to the extent that in order to establish or preserve a just government a qualified recognition of authority is necessary , such recognition in itself , independently of consent , is sufficient to establish a suitably qualified obligation to obey .

Moreover , they are assumed to be committed to different conceptions of the good and they think that they are entitled to press their claims on one another to further their separate aims .
[also] , they are assumed to be committed to different conceptions of the good and they think that they are entitled to press their claims on one another to further their separate aims .

Moreover , we also know that what modern nations identify as their national culture is a quite recent invention .
[also] , we also know that what modern nations identify as their national culture is a quite recent invention .

Moreover , even when funds were available , the peasantry refused to fight for the monarch : and this was true even with the growth of an expropriated landless labouring class .
[also] , even when funds were available , the peasantry refused to fight for the monarch : and this was true even with the growth of an expropriated landless labouring class .

Moreover , insofar as a nationalist aristocracy fought for democracy , so they undermined their own privilege :
[also] , insofar as a nationalist aristocracy fought for democracy , so they undermined their own privilege :

Moreover , only a conditional right of savages to the land occupied by them could be recognized .
[also] , only a conditional right of savages to the land occupied by them could be recognized .

The European method is exactly the reverse : the right exists unless it has been abridged by a law which , moreover , has to be specifically justified .
the european method is exactly the reverse : the right exists unless it has been abridged by a law which , [also] , has to be specifically justified .

Moreover , if the cells keep monitoring their positions it will not matter if , at an early stage , some of the cells are removed from the line .
[also] , if the cells keep monitoring their positions it will not matter if , at an early stage , some of the cells are removed from the line .

Moreover , there are no counter-examples ; there are no limbs which start with two elements followed by a single one .
[also] , there are no counter-examples ; there are no limbs which start with two elements followed by a single one .

Moreover , the isolation of the men of the wetlands led to inbreeding .
[also] , the isolation of the men of the wetlands led to inbreeding .

Moreover in 1977 the Association of Education Committees was disbanded .
[also] in 1977 the association of education committees was disbanded .

Moreover , a thorough understanding of the uses of technology may demand more or less understanding of theoretical science .
[also] , a thorough understanding of the uses of technology may demand more or less understanding of theoretical science .

Children who never went to school at all would pick up quite a lot of immediately useful knowledge ; from television and radio , moreover , they might acquire quite a lot of not obviously useful , relatively esoteric bits of information , about history , for example , or natural history .
children who never went to school at all would pick up quite a lot of immediately useful knowledge ; from television and radio , [also] , they might acquire quite a lot of not obviously useful , relatively esoteric bits of information , about history , for example , or natural history .

Moreover , on the old system where teachers shared responsibility for more than their own lessons , they were brought much more closely into contact with one another , in an informal way .
[also] , on the old system where teachers shared responsibility for more than their own lessons , they were brought much more closely into contact with one another , in an informal way .

Moreover we recognize that to talk of ‘ rising to the top ’ is an unavoidable metaphor that acknowledges the reality of competition .
[also] we recognize that to talk of ‘ rising to the top ’ is an unavoidable metaphor that acknowledges the reality of competition .

Moreover teachers have to decide how often and at what stages to assess their pupils ' work .
[also] teachers have to decide how often and at what stages to assess their pupils ' work .

Moreover , the surviving letters of this period bear witness to the extent of his involvement in the production and marketing of his books , from suggesting as ‘ a desirable novelty ’ a sketch-map frontispiece for The Return of the Native ( 1878 ) , to initiating the publication of Wessex Tales , a collected edition of some of the short stories .
[also] , the surviving letters of this period bear witness to the extent of his involvement in the production and marketing of his books , from suggesting as ‘ a desirable novelty ’ a sketch-map frontispiece for the return of the native ( 1878 ) , to initiating the publication of wessex tales , a collected edition of some of the short stories .

Moreover , this sense of insecurity and consequent bias towards caution may be further reinforced by the fact that very often the sort of decisions we are discussing are made in hospitals , where doctors are made aware of the views and reactions of another interested group , the nursing staff .
[also] , this sense of insecurity and consequent bias towards caution may be further reinforced by the fact that very often the sort of decisions we are discussing are made in hospitals , where doctors are made aware of the views and reactions of another interested group , the nursing staff .

Moreover , the surveyor will feel you do n't wish to involve yourself and his allegiance will be inclined towards the building society or bank , instead of to you which is as it ought to be .
[also] , the surveyor will feel you do n't wish to involve yourself and his allegiance will be inclined towards the building society or bank , instead of to you which is as it ought to be .

Even if you have to pay for specialist advice you will still save money if you can do your own survey — moreover you will be in control , and you will gain a knowledge of the house you are buying before your are committed , which could save you a great deal of money and anxiety .
even if you have to pay for specialist advice you will still save money if you can do your own survey — [also] you will be in control , and you will gain a knowledge of the house you are buying before your are committed , which could save you a great deal of money and anxiety .

Moreover , whatever your age , circumstances and financial resources , taking stock is something which must be done from time to time — it is the first step in making decisions . You should review your situation , think about changes , look into the past , present and future , think of the snags , revise your plans — and only then get cracking !
[also] , whatever your age , circumstances and financial resources , taking stock is something which must be done from time to time — it is the first step in making decisions . you should review your situation , think about changes , look into the past , present and future , think of the snags , revise your plans — and only then get cracking !

Moreover , you 're now at that age when you have to Go Into Hospital in a way which was unthinkable ten years back .
[also] , you 're now at that age when you have to go into hospital in a way which was unthinkable ten years back .

Moreover , the development of rational thought actually seems to have impeded man 's appreciation of the significance of time .
[also] , the development of rational thought actually seems to have impeded man 's appreciation of the significance of time .

Moreover , the Babylonian evil day was observed only by the king , priests , and physicians , whereas the Hebrew Sabbath was observed by the whole nation .
[also] , the babylonian evil day was observed only by the king , priests , and physicians , whereas the hebrew sabbath was observed by the whole nation .

Moreover , our modern concept of history , however rationalized and secularized it may be , still rests on the concept of historical time which was inaugurated by Christianity .
[also] , our modern concept of history , however rationalized and secularized it may be , still rests on the concept of historical time which was inaugurated by christianity .

Moreover , although the astrolabe enabled long calculations to be avoided , the computing of planetary positions , for example , for casting a horoscope , still involved a considerable amount of work .
[also] , although the astrolabe enabled long calculations to be avoided , the computing of planetary positions , for example , for casting a horoscope , still involved a considerable amount of work .

Moreover , throughout the year the particular day of the week on which Innocents ' Day had fallen the previous year was also regarded as a black-letter day , and was also called Innocents ' Day .
[also] , throughout the year the particular day of the week on which innocents ' day had fallen the previous year was also regarded as a black-letter day , and was also called innocents ' day .

Moreover , few would dispute that this apparent decline is a reality : the first words of the Prime Minister herself , after the result of the 1987 election was known , were an acknowledgement of the challenge posed to Government by the ‘ inner cities ’ .
[also] , few would dispute that this apparent decline is a reality : the first words of the prime minister herself , after the result of the 1987 election was known , were an acknowledgement of the challenge posed to government by the ‘ inner cities ’ .

Moreover , the global index of either victimization or recorded offences can be misleading , in that it conceals quite large variations in the trends for specific offences .
[also] , the global index of either victimization or recorded offences can be misleading , in that it conceals quite large variations in the trends for specific offences .

Moreover , the committee , to be commended for having conducted its extensive researches and drawn its conclusions within a few months , has the advantage of immediacy over the Clark and Palmer committees , which sat over so long a period , in a rapidly changing environment , that eventually no one who was still able to recall the original brief was sure whether it was still relevant to the prevailing situation .
[also] , the committee , to be commended for having conducted its extensive researches and drawn its conclusions within a few months , has the advantage of immediacy over the clark and palmer committees , which sat over so long a period , in a rapidly changing environment , that eventually no one who was still able to recall the original brief was sure whether it was still relevant to the prevailing situation .

Moreover , facilities have to pass the severe scrutiny of the Public Health authorities , a matter of increasing application to catering , which is becoming an important business area .
[also] , facilities have to pass the severe scrutiny of the public health authorities , a matter of increasing application to catering , which is becoming an important business area .

Moreover , the necessity to control games according to the laws of probability , dammed statistics and Hoyle have reduced many captains to predictable stereo-types .
[also] , the necessity to control games according to the laws of probability , dammed statistics and hoyle have reduced many captains to predictable stereo-types .

Moreover , both of these groups , while they will need a great deal of outside support in the initial stages , have perhaps more reason to welcome the independence and privacy a single lifestyle gives them than anyone else .
[also] , both of these groups , while they will need a great deal of outside support in the initial stages , have perhaps more reason to welcome the independence and privacy a single lifestyle gives them than anyone else .

Eventually , though , it will catch up with you in the form of self-loathing , as the pounds pile themselves on and you possibly curb your social life , and , moreover , endanger your health .
eventually , though , it will catch up with you in the form of self-loathing , as the pounds pile themselves on and you possibly curb your social life , and , [also] , endanger your health .

Moreover , when you have a pet , even if it is only a goldfish , it means that you never come home to an empty house .
[also] , when you have a pet , even if it is only a goldfish , it means that you never come home to an empty house .

Moreover , cans are often soldered with a lead compound which could over the years be hazardous to health .
[also] , cans are often soldered with a lead compound which could over the years be hazardous to health .

Moreover , it could increase problems of disposal of radioactive waste .
[also] , it could increase problems of disposal of radioactive waste .

Moreover you genuinely need to find out at this stage whether or not the job will suit you .
[also] you genuinely need to find out at this stage whether or not the job will suit you .

Moreover , they would have been unlikely to make any connection between what was happening in their adult relationships and what had happened during childhood .
[also] , they would have been unlikely to make any connection between what was happening in their adult relationships and what had happened during childhood .

Moreover , what they take back inside themselves is an experience of the relationship in which the monster was tamed .
[also] , what they take back inside themselves is an experience of the relationship in which the monster was tamed .

Moreover , account has to be taken of the needs of other generations — of children and grandparents — which impinge upon their own .
[also] , account has to be taken of the needs of other generations — of children and grandparents — which impinge upon their own .

Moreover , we are conservative beings .
[also] , we are conservative beings .

Moreover , these successes have to be set beside the less successful regeneration projects attempting to replicate the well known formula in cities such as Richmond ( Virginia ) , Toledo ( Ohio ) and Flint ( Michigan ) , all of which are faltering ( Guskind , 1989 ) .
[also] , these successes have to be set beside the less successful regeneration projects attempting to replicate the well known formula in cities such as richmond ( virginia ) , toledo ( ohio ) and flint ( michigan ) , all of which are faltering ( guskind , 1989 ) .

Moreover , having engineered physical development , social engineering is the next challenge , to tie in with the expectations and requirements of new residents — and also to those of the developers .
[also] , having engineered physical development , social engineering is the next challenge , to tie in with the expectations and requirements of new residents — and also to those of the developers .

Moreover , it is anything but unplanned since it depends on considerable state involvement , promotion , and subsidy .
[also] , it is anything but unplanned since it depends on considerable state involvement , promotion , and subsidy .

Moreover , land use planning , which in the early 1980s was alleged to be an obstacle to investment , is very much back on the agenda .
[also] , land use planning , which in the early 1980s was alleged to be an obstacle to investment , is very much back on the agenda .

Moreover , UDCs have powers to operate outside their immediate boundaries , if they think it necessary to secure regeneration .
[also] , udcs have powers to operate outside their immediate boundaries , if they think it necessary to secure regeneration .

Moreover , there have been other successes .
[also] , there have been other successes .

Moreover , if the housing market were to weaken , withdrawal of private funds could restrict development .
[also] , if the housing market were to weaken , withdrawal of private funds could restrict development .

Moreover , the weight of political party advertising testifies to the huge influence the paper has in the area , and beyond .
[also] , the weight of political party advertising testifies to the huge influence the paper has in the area , and beyond .

Moreover , there was a powerful lobby of Jewish opinion in favour of putting adopted nationality before race and religion ; indeed , this had been the keynote of Jewish immigration to Britain since the 1880s .
[also] , there was a powerful lobby of jewish opinion in favour of putting adopted nationality before race and religion ; indeed , this had been the keynote of jewish immigration to britain since the 1880s .

Moreover , it seems that their motivation to perform behaviour such as wing flapping and wing stretching actually increases during confinement in a battery cage .
[also] , it seems that their motivation to perform behaviour such as wing flapping and wing stretching actually increases during confinement in a battery cage .

Moreover most of these women , unlike perhaps their mothers or grandmothers , will see themselves as workers , earning an income and pursuing a career — rather like male members of families .
[also] most of these women , unlike perhaps their mothers or grandmothers , will see themselves as workers , earning an income and pursuing a career — rather like male members of families .

Moreover , colour selection within a breed is a very recent trend and even in the late nineteenth century there was often a wide tolerance of colours in the breeds .
[also] , colour selection within a breed is a very recent trend and even in the late nineteenth century there was often a wide tolerance of colours in the breeds .

Moreover , the choice of organic oils is , at present , limited mainly to herbal essences such as lavender , chamomile , thyme and marjoram .
[also] , the choice of organic oils is , at present , limited mainly to herbal essences such as lavender , chamomile , thyme and marjoram .

Moreover , when these societies become industrialised and urbanised another set of values begins to undermine these time-honoured traditions .
[also] , when these societies become industrialised and urbanised another set of values begins to undermine these time-honoured traditions .

Moreover , once this premise is accepted there is less reason to seek to cure it ; pain , illness and disease become an accepted consequence of old age .
[also] , once this premise is accepted there is less reason to seek to cure it ; pain , illness and disease become an accepted consequence of old age .

Moreover , just like racism and sexism , it is so engrained within the structure of social life that it is unlikely to be challenged effectively by rational argument or appeals to the more philanthropic side of human nature .
[also] , just like racism and sexism , it is so engrained within the structure of social life that it is unlikely to be challenged effectively by rational argument or appeals to the more philanthropic side of human nature .

Moreover , older people are often treated as if they were not adult , and are patronised by journalists who ask questions like : ‘ How do you put your grandmother in a home ?
[also] , older people are often treated as if they were not adult , and are patronised by journalists who ask questions like : ‘ how do you put your grandmother in a home ?

Moreover , failure to provide adequate services means that less is being achieved for many elderly people than is possible .
[also] , failure to provide adequate services means that less is being achieved for many elderly people than is possible .

Moreover , substantial improvements could often be easily achieved .
[also] , substantial improvements could often be easily achieved .

Moreover , there is also a belief that older workers are less adaptable and not prepared to retrain .
[also] , there is also a belief that older workers are less adaptable and not prepared to retrain .

Moreover , older workers lose the right to be protected from unfair dismissal if they are over the ‘ upper age limit ’ ( this may be 65 or it may be whatever is the ‘ normal retiring age ’ for the job the individual holds ) .
[also] , older workers lose the right to be protected from unfair dismissal if they are over the ‘ upper age limit ’ ( this may be 65 or it may be whatever is the ‘ normal retiring age ’ for the job the individual holds ) .

Moreover , with the exception of countries such as Japan , Canada and the United States , few public funds were targeted at retraining schemes for this age group .
[also] , with the exception of countries such as japan , canada and the united states , few public funds were targeted at retraining schemes for this age group .

Moreover the relationship is never an end in itself .
[also] the relationship is never an end in itself .

The flow of Cabinet papers is well down , moreover .
the flow of cabinet papers is well down , [also] .

Moreover in any organization with a large number of service points — for instance , a public library authority — use of a base selection source also allows coordination of the acquisition and cataloguing processes .
[also] in any organization with a large number of service points — for instance , a public library authority — use of a base selection source also allows coordination of the acquisition and cataloguing processes .

Moreover his approach is simplistic , treating each book as a vehicle for potential issues regardless of variations in type , level and style , and the differences in demand that these features suggest .
[also] his approach is simplistic , treating each book as a vehicle for potential issues regardless of variations in type , level and style , and the differences in demand that these features suggest .

Moreover library procedures are generally designed to facilitate the addition of books , rather than their withdrawal .
[also] library procedures are generally designed to facilitate the addition of books , rather than their withdrawal .

Moreover it is important to identify genetically suitable animals for reintroduction from zoos , where analysis can reveal which animals carry the under-represented founder oryx 's genes and would therefore be good candidates .
[also] it is important to identify genetically suitable animals for reintroduction from zoos , where analysis can reveal which animals carry the under-represented founder oryx 's genes and would therefore be good candidates .

But , of course , others insist that it could never be humane in practice because the essence of the cruelty is not only in causing a painful and prolonged death but , rather , in the harrowing chase of the animal , and moreover , of an animal which has not evolved with the typical biological characteristics of a prey species .
but , of course , others insist that it could never be humane in practice because the essence of the cruelty is not only in causing a painful and prolonged death but , rather , in the harrowing chase of the animal , and [also] , of an animal which has not evolved with the typical biological characteristics of a prey species .

‘ Moreover , it is important to realise that a commitment to animal welfare is consistent with striving to improve the overall condition of those individuals who have a welfare , both humans and other animals , even if this means decreasing the welfare of some .
‘ [also] , it is important to realise that a commitment to animal welfare is consistent with striving to improve the overall condition of those individuals who have a welfare , both humans and other animals , even if this means decreasing the welfare of some .

Moreover — and more fundamentally — this way of thinking about Human Liberation has got things backwards .
[also] — and more fundamentally — this way of thinking about human liberation has got things backwards .

Moreover , you need to know if you are eligible for the rights available to a dismissed employee , such as the right to complain of unfair dismissal or to seek a redundancy payment .
[also] , you need to know if you are eligible for the rights available to a dismissed employee , such as the right to complain of unfair dismissal or to seek a redundancy payment .

Moreover , subsidence in the Upper Cretaceous and/or Cainozoic has been relatively shallow , and no additional geothermal heating occurred in recent times .
[also] , subsidence in the upper cretaceous and/or cainozoic has been relatively shallow , and no additional geothermal heating occurred in recent times .

Moreover there are indications that in this gas field a secondary fracture porosity may exist .
[also] there are indications that in this gas field a secondary fracture porosity may exist .

Moreover , what is particularly regrettable about this requirement is that it is for largely financial accounting facilities to address such issues as :
[also] , what is particularly regrettable about this requirement is that it is for largely financial accounting facilities to address such issues as :

Moreover , the incentive to the departmental manager will completely disappear when he/she realises that there is no virement : Thus , even if he can reduce his capital charge by £500 per month , this will not give him an extra £300 to spend on other items .
[also] , the incentive to the departmental manager will completely disappear when he/she realises that there is no virement : thus , even if he can reduce his capital charge by £500 per month , this will not give him an extra £300 to spend on other items .

Moreover , management issues do arise naturally when clinicians work together in teams , perhaps with nurses and other professional staff .
[also] , management issues do arise naturally when clinicians work together in teams , perhaps with nurses and other professional staff .

Moreover , as in the pilot sites , such groups might initially be encouraged to develop the concept of quality profiles for individual patients .
[also] , as in the pilot sites , such groups might initially be encouraged to develop the concept of quality profiles for individual patients .

If a testator has left a legacy of something belonging to him and has alienated it as a consequence of urgent necessity , the trust can be claimed unless it should be shown that the testator intended to adeem it : moreover proof of changed intention is to be required from the heirs .
if a testator has left a legacy of something belonging to him and has alienated it as a consequence of urgent necessity , the trust can be claimed unless it should be shown that the testator intended to adeem it : [also] proof of changed intention is to be required from the heirs .

Moreover , if the retailer has too much stock of perishable goods , items may deteriorate or pass their ‘ sell by ’ date before they are sold .
[also] , if the retailer has too much stock of perishable goods , items may deteriorate or pass their ‘ sell by ’ date before they are sold .

Moreover , the degree of richness of the productive areas does not affect the territory size , but rather controls the numbers of predators that can use it , thus controlling group size in social predators ( Macdonald , 1983 ) .
[also] , the degree of richness of the productive areas does not affect the territory size , but rather controls the numbers of predators that can use it , thus controlling group size in social predators ( macdonald , 1983 ) .

Moreover , not all the bones from a single carcase may be regurgitated in the same pellet , for in a study on tawny owl digestion using marked carcases , Lowe ( 1980 ) showed that some bones may be retained for 24 to 48 hours while others from the same animal were regurgitated earlier .
[also] , not all the bones from a single carcase may be regurgitated in the same pellet , for in a study on tawny owl digestion using marked carcases , lowe ( 1980 ) showed that some bones may be retained for 24 to 48 hours while others from the same animal were regurgitated earlier .

Moreover , of the two types of molar breakage recognized here , splitting of the crowns occurs more commonly in the prey assemblages of mammalian carnivores , especially mongoose and pine marten ( Table 3.10 ) .
[also] , of the two types of molar breakage recognized here , splitting of the crowns occurs more commonly in the prey assemblages of mammalian carnivores , especially mongoose and pine marten ( table 3.10 ) .

Moreover , continental experience of a national curriculum suggests that once it is in place , achieving change is extremely difficult .
[also] , continental experience of a national curriculum suggests that once it is in place , achieving change is extremely difficult .

Moreover the national system should be based on a combination of SATs and moderated teacher ratings .
[also] the national system should be based on a combination of sats and moderated teacher ratings .

Moreover to implement the change there is no sign of introducing the extra resources which most commentators see as necessary .
[also] to implement the change there is no sign of introducing the extra resources which most commentators see as necessary .

Moreover , even the definition ‘ equal opportunity ’ without qualification is insufficient : it could be equal opportunity to fail or succeed according to their innate capacity and backgrounds .
[also] , even the definition ‘ equal opportunity ’ without qualification is insufficient : it could be equal opportunity to fail or succeed according to their innate capacity and backgrounds .

Moreover , subject areas contain discrete skills and make particular content demands .
[also] , subject areas contain discrete skills and make particular content demands .

They are a work force crying out for engagement and reward , a force moreover that from its roots understands the value of technical skills , and of education allied to technology .
they are a work force crying out for engagement and reward , a force [also] that from its roots understands the value of technical skills , and of education allied to technology .

Moreover , the inside of walls and ceilings must either be washed or painted at regular intervals .
[also] , the inside of walls and ceilings must either be washed or painted at regular intervals .

Moreover , good housekeeping and husbandry practices in respect of storing , transporting and handling materials which are or may become odorous must not be overlooked in any type of trade or industry , whether or not additional odour abatement methods are required .
[also] , good housekeeping and husbandry practices in respect of storing , transporting and handling materials which are or may become odorous must not be overlooked in any type of trade or industry , whether or not additional odour abatement methods are required .

Moreover , in some places these services were explicitly provided , usually by Labour-controlled authorities , to offer protection against the ‘ purifying winds ’ of the market , and to mitigate the cut and thrust of commercial rationality .
[also] , in some places these services were explicitly provided , usually by labour-controlled authorities , to offer protection against the ‘ purifying winds ’ of the market , and to mitigate the cut and thrust of commercial rationality .

Moreover , the results depend totally on what data are put in , and the methodology of necessity limits data to those which are amenable to statistical manipulation .
[also] , the results depend totally on what data are put in , and the methodology of necessity limits data to those which are amenable to statistical manipulation .

Moreover , this lever is strengthened by electoral democracy , which legitimates the promotion of locally preferred policies , and in this way local states , and especially electoral local government , are not only used by those dominant at the centre to enable them to manage uneven development , but can also represent specifically local interests .
[also] , this lever is strengthened by electoral democracy , which legitimates the promotion of locally preferred policies , and in this way local states , and especially electoral local government , are not only used by those dominant at the centre to enable them to manage uneven development , but can also represent specifically local interests .

Moreover , we are now in a position to examine how effectively research has analysed this change .
[also] , we are now in a position to examine how effectively research has analysed this change .

Moreover many firms will use relocation as an opportunity to shed jobs or introduce cheaper and less worthwhile ones .
[also] many firms will use relocation as an opportunity to shed jobs or introduce cheaper and less worthwhile ones .

Moreover local authorities , viewed by the previous Labour government as the ‘ natural agencies ’ to tackle such regeneration , were now seen as a major cause of the problem .
[also] local authorities , viewed by the previous labour government as the ‘ natural agencies ’ to tackle such regeneration , were now seen as a major cause of the problem .

Moreover , the new Treaty sets out a new legislative procedure , namely the ‘ co-decision ’ procedure .
[also] , the new treaty sets out a new legislative procedure , namely the ‘ co-decision ’ procedure .

Moreover , failure on the part of an undertaking being investigated to produce relevant documents to the Commission can render it liable to fines on a daily basis .
[also] , failure on the part of an undertaking being investigated to produce relevant documents to the commission can render it liable to fines on a daily basis .

Moreover , any information the Commission obtains must be used exclusively for the purpose of the investigation for which it was acquired , although the Commission can legitimately initiate an investigation prompted by information acquired incidentally in the course of a previous investigation .
[also] , any information the commission obtains must be used exclusively for the purpose of the investigation for which it was acquired , although the commission can legitimately initiate an investigation prompted by information acquired incidentally in the course of a previous investigation .

Moreover , information that is filed is not necessarily reliable , or in a form appropriate for any comparative analysis ; for example , the methods of calculating depreciation differ .
[also] , information that is filed is not necessarily reliable , or in a form appropriate for any comparative analysis ; for example , the methods of calculating depreciation differ .

Moreover , the Commission has taken the view that a 20 % shareholding could lead to joint control in certain circumstances .
[also] , the commission has taken the view that a 20 % shareholding could lead to joint control in certain circumstances .

Moreover , they seek cost effective ‘ competency based ’ training methods for their maintenance tradeforce .
[also] , they seek cost effective ‘ competency based ’ training methods for their maintenance tradeforce .

Moreover , in addition to covering the decision making and decision taking stages of the problem solving process they also interface with the solution implementation and control stages ( see Fig .
[also] , in addition to covering the decision making and decision taking stages of the problem solving process they also interface with the solution implementation and control stages ( see fig .

Moreover , they seek cost effective , ‘ competency based ’ training methods for their maintenance workforce .
[also] , they seek cost effective , ‘ competency based ’ training methods for their maintenance workforce .

Moreover , they are regarded as valuable collectors ' items , not toys .
[also] , they are regarded as valuable collectors ' items , not toys .

Moreover , the ‘ pleasure-pain ’ excitement of hysterical worshippers focuses entirely on the actions of the libido-quarterback .
[also] , the ‘ pleasure-pain ’ excitement of hysterical worshippers focuses entirely on the actions of the libido-quarterback .

Moreover , there is a safety aspect to water as a hazard — the last thing you want as a rider is for your horse to side-step a puddle into the path of an oncoming or passing vehicle .
[also] , there is a safety aspect to water as a hazard — the last thing you want as a rider is for your horse to side-step a puddle into the path of an oncoming or passing vehicle .

Payment under pressure , moreover , prevented any narrow scrutiny of its amount or its justice .
payment under pressure , [also] , prevented any narrow scrutiny of its amount or its justice .

Moreover , he commands respect as the head of a body that coordinates some 50 German research institutes .
[also] , he commands respect as the head of a body that coordinates some 50 german research institutes .

Moreover there is , at present , no constitution way that the federal government can stop the dam .
[also] there is , at present , no constitution way that the federal government can stop the dam .

( Moreover , the two unsuccessful rockets certainly did not ‘ crash to the around ’ . )
( [also] , the two unsuccessful rockets certainly did not ‘ crash to the around ’ . )

Moreover , she feels that the presence of a nurse on the research team offers tremendous reassurance to the patient under going tests .
[also] , she feels that the presence of a nurse on the research team offers tremendous reassurance to the patient under going tests .

Moreover , the signing of new agreements between the French and American constructors in 1981 is an acknowledgement of French technology .
[also] , the signing of new agreements between the french and american constructors in 1981 is an acknowledgement of french technology .

Moreover , the shell 's hand is a qualitative , readily discernible property controlled by genetic processes such as those first evinced from the work of Gregor Mendel .
[also] , the shell 's hand is a qualitative , readily discernible property controlled by genetic processes such as those first evinced from the work of gregor mendel .

Moreover , glass is electrically insulating .
[also] , glass is electrically insulating .

Moreover , legislation associated with improving workers ' rights in Germany took control many of the important details of university life , such as departmental policy and appointments , out of the hands of the heads of departments and transferred them to committees of faculty members at all levels .
[also] , legislation associated with improving workers ' rights in germany took control many of the important details of university life , such as departmental policy and appointments , out of the hands of the heads of departments and transferred them to committees of faculty members at all levels .

Moreover , he urges his readers not to join sects that make their adherents abandon their families , give up their money and worldly interests , and lead restricted lives that are ordered entirely by the rulers of the sect .
[also] , he urges his readers not to join sects that make their adherents abandon their families , give up their money and worldly interests , and lead restricted lives that are ordered entirely by the rulers of the sect .

Moreover , acid rain can alter the ecology by dissolving aluminium in the soil .
[also] , acid rain can alter the ecology by dissolving aluminium in the soil .

Moreover , many local cows were slaughtered after the accident .
[also] , many local cows were slaughtered after the accident .

What molecular geneticists — among them Sharp — have now discovered is that one of these families does in fact have some of the hallmarks of a transposon , and moreover has special properties that would tend to promote its expansion in succeeding generations .
what molecular geneticists — among them sharp — have now discovered is that one of these families does in fact have some of the hallmarks of a transposon , and [also] has special properties that would tend to promote its expansion in succeeding generations .

Moreover , Smith was almost alone among British mathematicians in being interested in that branch of number theory .
[also] , smith was almost alone among british mathematicians in being interested in that branch of number theory .

Moreover , he had ready access to the archive established at Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Charles Weiner , exponent of oral history and interviewer of virtually every individual who had any relationship to the recombinant-DNA controversy .
[also] , he had ready access to the archive established at massachusetts institute of technology by charles weiner , exponent of oral history and interviewer of virtually every individual who had any relationship to the recombinant-dna controversy .

Moreover , the initial ‘ whistle-blowers ’ came from both groups .
[also] , the initial ‘ whistle-blowers ’ came from both groups .

Moreover British Telecom 's interest and experience , in using fibres for telephony and data transmission , is likely to guarantee it an option on providing optical trunk lines between the switch points of star networks .
[also] british telecom 's interest and experience , in using fibres for telephony and data transmission , is likely to guarantee it an option on providing optical trunk lines between the switch points of star networks .

Moreover , such a move would probably spell the end of the Greens ' day in the political sun .
[also] , such a move would probably spell the end of the greens ' day in the political sun .

Moreover , potential Green sympathisers are terrified of the ultra-right Franz Strauss , and will vote social Democrat to forestall a right-wing government .
[also] , potential green sympathisers are terrified of the ultra-right franz strauss , and will vote social democrat to forestall a right-wing government .

Moreover , since Watkins 's death we have found that inexplicable straight lines have been left by ancient peoples in other parts of the world .
[also] , since watkins 's death we have found that inexplicable straight lines have been left by ancient peoples in other parts of the world .

There were , moreover , two kinds of unit , the standard measure of six handbreadths and the longer ( or royal ) cubit of seven .
there were , [also] , two kinds of unit , the standard measure of six handbreadths and the longer ( or royal ) cubit of seven .

Ezekiel states that the unit for his visionary temple was ‘ the long cubit which was one cubit and a hand 's breadth , ’ and moreover that the overall dimensions of the temple were 100 cubits square .
ezekiel states that the unit for his visionary temple was ‘ the long cubit which was one cubit and a hand 's breadth , ’ and [also] that the overall dimensions of the temple were 100 cubits square .

Moreover , the decorative features of the temple ( carvings of palmtrees , capitals like lilies , capitals festooned with network , pomegranates , and open flowers ) are all prominent in the repertory of St Polyeuktos , although they do not seem to have been current in contemporary Byzantine sculpture .
[also] , the decorative features of the temple ( carvings of palmtrees , capitals like lilies , capitals festooned with network , pomegranates , and open flowers ) are all prominent in the repertory of st polyeuktos , although they do not seem to have been current in contemporary byzantine sculpture .

Moreover , because of geographic variations in people 's sensitivity to the disease , tests will have to be done in many countries .
[also] , because of geographic variations in people 's sensitivity to the disease , tests will have to be done in many countries .

The Report concluded : ‘ Moreover in recent years there was a substantial increase in Argentina 's military strengths in all three of its armed services , which must have increased its confidence in its ability to occupy the Islands and retain them . ’
the report concluded : ‘ [also] in recent years there was a substantial increase in argentina 's military strengths in all three of its armed services , which must have increased its confidence in its ability to occupy the islands and retain them . ’

Moreover his mathematical basis was Euclid and Archimedes .
[also] his mathematical basis was euclid and archimedes .

Moreover his style is pleasantly direct and his inclusion of occasional personal allusions will encourage the lay reader to trust his judgement as a person and not only as a philosopher of science .
[also] his style is pleasantly direct and his inclusion of occasional personal allusions will encourage the lay reader to trust his judgement as a person and not only as a philosopher of science .

Moreover , the technology that is commonly available for large cement factories is inappropriate for most developing countries .
[also] , the technology that is commonly available for large cement factories is inappropriate for most developing countries .

Moreover , says Correa , high densities in Third World cities have not been achieved by building high-rise blocks , but by omitting play spaces , hospitals , schools and other parts of the social infrastructure .
[also] , says correa , high densities in third world cities have not been achieved by building high-rise blocks , but by omitting play spaces , hospitals , schools and other parts of the social infrastructure .

Moreover , France plans in 1985 to launch a remote-sensing vehicle called Spot that will provide pictures with a resolution of just 10 m .
[also] , france plans in 1985 to launch a remote-sensing vehicle called spot that will provide pictures with a resolution of just 10 m .

Moreover , they could learn to make the conditioned response with both eyes , lesions to both sides of the cerebellum were necessary to abolish the conditioned response .
[also] , they could learn to make the conditioned response with both eyes , lesions to both sides of the cerebellum were necessary to abolish the conditioned response .

Moreover , as a result of the £500000 Oxford project , archaeologists will have to give up for dating only a tiny portion of their specimen , 1 milligram or less .
[also] , as a result of the £500000 oxford project , archaeologists will have to give up for dating only a tiny portion of their specimen , 1 milligram or less .

Here , in splendid isolation , emerged a tribe of Polynesians who were prepared to address problems such as this , and who moreover were one of the few peoples in the world to develop a system of writing .
here , in splendid isolation , emerged a tribe of polynesians who were prepared to address problems such as this , and who [also] were one of the few peoples in the world to develop a system of writing .

Moreover , there is a spine-chilling fact known to those of us who witnessed the technical expertise , if not genius , of the Contraves designers .
[also] , there is a spine-chilling fact known to those of us who witnessed the technical expertise , if not genius , of the contraves designers .

Moreover the baked bread tends to collapse on cooling or to be uncooked in the centre .
[also] the baked bread tends to collapse on cooling or to be uncooked in the centre .

Moreover , in presenting evidence contradicting established views ( if it does ) Leith often gives no references ( for example , on the superior viability of eggs of melanic moths ) and it is impossible to check his assertions .
[also] , in presenting evidence contradicting established views ( if it does ) leith often gives no references ( for example , on the superior viability of eggs of melanic moths ) and it is impossible to check his assertions .

Moreover , on occasions he is misleading in his presentation and discussion .
[also] , on occasions he is misleading in his presentation and discussion .

Frequently , moreover , there appears to be little concern that advice should be available to the teacher or headmaster , to ensure that he uses what few resources he has to best effect .
frequently , [also] , there appears to be little concern that advice should be available to the teacher or headmaster , to ensure that he uses what few resources he has to best effect .

Co-ordination between subjects was lacking and the whole overloaded and exceptionally ambitious in scope requiring , moreover , a scale of expenditure well in excess of schools ' ability to pay for it .
co-ordination between subjects was lacking and the whole overloaded and exceptionally ambitious in scope requiring , [also] , a scale of expenditure well in excess of schools ' ability to pay for it .

Moreover we never look hard for what we do n't particularly want to find , and governments ’ revenues and manpower were so highly committed towards programmes of quantitative expansion ( particularly at secondary level ) and subsequently towards keeping the machine they had created running , that few people were prepared to question advice which suggested that a certain new activity could be safely ( and , hopefully , inexpensively ) tucked away at a centre or institute .
[also] we never look hard for what we do n't particularly want to find , and governments ’ revenues and manpower were so highly committed towards programmes of quantitative expansion ( particularly at secondary level ) and subsequently towards keeping the machine they had created running , that few people were prepared to question advice which suggested that a certain new activity could be safely ( and , hopefully , inexpensively ) tucked away at a centre or institute .

Moreover there seems little practical recognition of the fact that teachers vary , in their knowledge , in their experience and in their confidence .
[also] there seems little practical recognition of the fact that teachers vary , in their knowledge , in their experience and in their confidence .

Moreover , the curriculum plan and materials are still firmly linked to a class by class progression and to teacher centred learning .
[also] , the curriculum plan and materials are still firmly linked to a class by class progression and to teacher centred learning .

Moreover , this is only half the story .
[also] , this is only half the story .

Moreover , there seem to be all manner of missed opportunities to communicate and discuss proposals with teachers and headmasters .
[also] , there seem to be all manner of missed opportunities to communicate and discuss proposals with teachers and headmasters .

Moreover , the truth that matters is not what we feel , but the fact that God loves us whatever we feel , and his energies are always tending towards our health and well-being .
[also] , the truth that matters is not what we feel , but the fact that god loves us whatever we feel , and his energies are always tending towards our health and well-being .

Moreover , claims for membership in terms of one criterion can be , and often are , denied in terms of another .
[also] , claims for membership in terms of one criterion can be , and often are , denied in terms of another .

Moreover , their image of the countryside often excludes even new private housing as well .
[also] , their image of the countryside often excludes even new private housing as well .

Moreover , the plan specified areas where conflicts were sure to develop .
[also] , the plan specified areas where conflicts were sure to develop .

Moreover , these elements vary in their degree of openness and closure .
[also] , these elements vary in their degree of openness and closure .

Moreover , the tendency of the instinct to create beauty rather than ugliness can be protected only by the power that a ‘ god ’ and religion can provide .
[also] , the tendency of the instinct to create beauty rather than ugliness can be protected only by the power that a ‘ god ’ and religion can provide .

Moreover , that focal point could be established as a definition of ‘ god ’ sufficiently broad for it to be accepted as the believed-in entity covering all the diverse forms of the totems credited with the power to heal .
[also] , that focal point could be established as a definition of ‘ god ’ sufficiently broad for it to be accepted as the believed-in entity covering all the diverse forms of the totems credited with the power to heal .

Moreover , the concept of the Created God is by no means rigidly unchangeable .
[also] , the concept of the created god is by no means rigidly unchangeable .

Moreover , created truth can be modified as time and human intelligence demands , as also can the definition of the Created God .
[also] , created truth can be modified as time and human intelligence demands , as also can the definition of the created god .

Moreover those units will relentlessly force themselves into the human conscience as being of a wholly desirable nature , that is , good .
[also] those units will relentlessly force themselves into the human conscience as being of a wholly desirable nature , that is , good .

Moreover , it must be remembered that the unit is extremely small , and also that by the time that man was struggling with the birth pangs of civilisation , it had already been produced , by the wondrous process of evolution , in astronomical numbers .
[also] , it must be remembered that the unit is extremely small , and also that by the time that man was struggling with the birth pangs of civilisation , it had already been produced , by the wondrous process of evolution , in astronomical numbers .

Moreover , the complete absence of mysticism from the doctrine of the Created God makes the use of numerical evaluation of the abstract element of it , by no means intrusive .
[also] , the complete absence of mysticism from the doctrine of the created god makes the use of numerical evaluation of the abstract element of it , by no means intrusive .

Moreover , it is also unlikely that it would be intelligible even to another adult .
[also] , it is also unlikely that it would be intelligible even to another adult .

Moreover , the way that question is answered can change the course of history , it can condemn millions to bloody war , or it can do much to ensure that they are spared that misery .
[also] , the way that question is answered can change the course of history , it can condemn millions to bloody war , or it can do much to ensure that they are spared that misery .

Moreover , the child should be made fully aware that he will be expected to satisfy himself later in life as to what extent he accepts the instruction .
[also] , the child should be made fully aware that he will be expected to satisfy himself later in life as to what extent he accepts the instruction .

Moreover , he was riding a dangerous path .
[also] , he was riding a dangerous path .

Moreover , he will need direction .
[also] , he will need direction .

Moreover , with an unchanged organic composition of capital we find : .
[also] , with an unchanged organic composition of capital we find : .

[ This is why ] … the examination of the social and , moreover , irrational and blind system from the viewpoint of its equilibrium , has nothing in common … with harmonia praestabilitata .
[ this is why ] … the examination of the social and , [also] , irrational and blind system from the viewpoint of its equilibrium , has nothing in common … with harmonia praestabilitata .

Moreover , over-production is not the cause of such crises , ‘ rather it is the expression of crises .
[also] , over-production is not the cause of such crises , ‘ rather it is the expression of crises .

Moreover , at the beginning of such crises the production of consumer goods either remained at a high level or actually continued to increase .
[also] , at the beginning of such crises the production of consumer goods either remained at a high level or actually continued to increase .

Moreover , it will lead to a decline in the ratio of surplus-value to the capital that is advanced .
[also] , it will lead to a decline in the ratio of surplus-value to the capital that is advanced .

Moreover , even today allowing for the enormous growth in monopoly , or oligopoly , in the advanced capitalist countries , the national economies have not yet reached that condition of ‘ rationality ’ or planning in production that Bukharin assumed had been already achieved .
[also] , even today allowing for the enormous growth in monopoly , or oligopoly , in the advanced capitalist countries , the national economies have not yet reached that condition of ‘ rationality ’ or planning in production that bukharin assumed had been already achieved .

Moreover , it was also draining the working class : in 1917 there had been three million workers employed in Russian industry , by the winter of 1920–1 the number had declined to 1,480,000 .
[also] , it was also draining the working class : in 1917 there had been three million workers employed in russian industry , by the winter of 1920–1 the number had declined to 1,480,000 .

He argued , moreover , that this was historically inevitable .
he argued , [also] , that this was historically inevitable .

Moreover , there seems to be an element of moral righteousness in Bukharin 's attitude , in so far as he sought to clothe what could be considered necessary violence with an aura of positive good , thereby turning necessity into a virtue .
[also] , there seems to be an element of moral righteousness in bukharin 's attitude , in so far as he sought to clothe what could be considered necessary violence with an aura of positive good , thereby turning necessity into a virtue .

Moreover , Bukharin greatly underrates the real freedom involved in the freedom to ‘ choose one 's own master ’ , since it sets limits to the exploitation of the class as a whole .
[also] , bukharin greatly underrates the real freedom involved in the freedom to ‘ choose one 's own master ’ , since it sets limits to the exploitation of the class as a whole .

The money-form of value mystifies this extraction to a considerable extent ; moreover it seems not to require the intervention of the state .
the money-form of value mystifies this extraction to a considerable extent ; [also] it seems not to require the intervention of the state .

Moreover , he saw Preobrazhensky as arguing for the violation of the material essence of the law of labour expenditure and not merely for violating the social form of the law of value .
[also] , he saw preobrazhensky as arguing for the violation of the material essence of the law of labour expenditure and not merely for violating the social form of the law of value .

Bukharin argued , moreover , that primitive accumulation belongs to the prehistory of capitalism and therefore does not belong to a consideration of its history proper nor of its modern functioning .
bukharin argued , [also] , that primitive accumulation belongs to the prehistory of capitalism and therefore does not belong to a consideration of its history proper nor of its modern functioning .

Moreover , Bukharin pointed out , whilst Preobrazhensky claimed to be dealing with abstract theory , he was in reality dealing with current economic policies .
[also] , bukharin pointed out , whilst preobrazhensky claimed to be dealing with abstract theory , he was in reality dealing with current economic policies .

Moreover :
[also] :

Moreover , the reference to the technical abilities needed to build a bridge was directed as a warning against grandiose schemes which lacked a firm technical basis ; and for the need for patient , long-term methods of work , rather than substituting the ‘ shock-troop ’ methods of ‘ war communism ’ for more prosaic means .
[also] , the reference to the technical abilities needed to build a bridge was directed as a warning against grandiose schemes which lacked a firm technical basis ; and for the need for patient , long-term methods of work , rather than substituting the ‘ shock-troop ’ methods of ‘ war communism ’ for more prosaic means .

Moreover , any disregard for the fundamental proportionalities of the economy leads to ‘ upsetting the political balance of the country ’ .
[also] , any disregard for the fundamental proportionalities of the economy leads to ‘ upsetting the political balance of the country ’ .

Moreover , since in this context the producer-consumer is mainly the agricultural one , we can see that Bukharin followed his previous thoughts on the necessity for growth and equilibrium to be seen as an interlocking set of social , political and economic factors .
[also] , since in this context the producer-consumer is mainly the agricultural one , we can see that bukharin followed his previous thoughts on the necessity for growth and equilibrium to be seen as an interlocking set of social , political and economic factors .

Moreover , his system has a reflex result upon the mind of the patient , and a general condition of buoyancy and freedom , and indeed of gaiety of spirit takes the place of the old jaded mental position .
[also] , his system has a reflex result upon the mind of the patient , and a general condition of buoyancy and freedom , and indeed of gaiety of spirit takes the place of the old jaded mental position .

Moreover , anyone who has acquired the power of co-ordinating correctly , can readjust the parts of his body to meet the requirements of almost any position , while always commanding adequate and correct movements of the respiratory apparatus .
[also] , anyone who has acquired the power of co-ordinating correctly , can readjust the parts of his body to meet the requirements of almost any position , while always commanding adequate and correct movements of the respiratory apparatus .

Moreover , the contract compared with the first operation some three years ago was most significant .
[also] , the contract compared with the first operation some three years ago was most significant .

Moreover she had changed trains three times , because it is an awkward , cross-country journey from Chetwynd Magna to St Petrock's-on-Sea , where the O'Briens had lived for the past six years .
[also] she had changed trains three times , because it is an awkward , cross-country journey from chetwynd magna to st petrock's-on-sea , where the o'briens had lived for the past six years .

Moreover , there is not so much to smell when you are flying high up and away from the scents and aromas that cling to the Earth — or even if , like man , your nose stands at a height of five or six feet , rarely bending towards the ground .
[also] , there is not so much to smell when you are flying high up and away from the scents and aromas that cling to the earth — or even if , like man , your nose stands at a height of five or six feet , rarely bending towards the ground .

Moreover , this particular photograph had been brought to the lab only that day , and no one had ever coupled it with any sort of training .
[also] , this particular photograph had been brought to the lab only that day , and no one had ever coupled it with any sort of training .

Moreover , such ‘ evolution ’ by chance mutation has no goal in mind . So if natural selection of random mutations were truly the driving factor underlying change among the creatures , why is nature not riddled with biological imperfections at a biochemical and physiological level ? Why are there no half-formed sense organs or biochemical networks , with a few links still missing ? However , this is a subject we return to with full attention in Natural Creation … Or Natural Selection ?
[also] , such ‘ evolution ’ by chance mutation has no goal in mind . so if natural selection of random mutations were truly the driving factor underlying change among the creatures , why is nature not riddled with biological imperfections at a biochemical and physiological level ? why are there no half-formed sense organs or biochemical networks , with a few links still missing ? however , this is a subject we return to with full attention in natural creation … or natural selection ?

Moreover , just at the time when the tape medium is losing its prime hold on the marketplace , the manufacturing technology has been vastly improved so that the best cassettes can now give aural satisfaction , even on the most demanding domestic equipment .
[also] , just at the time when the tape medium is losing its prime hold on the marketplace , the manufacturing technology has been vastly improved so that the best cassettes can now give aural satisfaction , even on the most demanding domestic equipment .

76 ( except that Alkan was virtually entirely unknown when the Eckhardt-Gramatté was composed ; moreover , Pisani 's notes explain the circumstances of its composition ) , the first movement is written for the left hand alone and the second movement for the right ; the Finale re-unites the hands as it unites the music , combining the substance of the first two movements .
76 ( except that alkan was virtually entirely unknown when the eckhardt-gramatté was composed ; [also] , pisani 's notes explain the circumstances of its composition ) , the first movement is written for the left hand alone and the second movement for the right ; the finale re-unites the hands as it unites the music , combining the substance of the first two movements .

This tampering is fairly extensive and becomes tiresomely predictable ; moreover , instead of adding to the impact , already well-saturated textures are clouded even more .
this tampering is fairly extensive and becomes tiresomely predictable ; [also] , instead of adding to the impact , already well-saturated textures are clouded even more .

Moreover , according to a report by consultancy Price Waterhouse , in 1990 finance and retail companies slowed computer spending more than firms in any other sector ; the vast majority of Softwright 's business comes from these two areas , and long-established clients account for two-thirds of its turnover .
[also] , according to a report by consultancy price waterhouse , in 1990 finance and retail companies slowed computer spending more than firms in any other sector ; the vast majority of softwright 's business comes from these two areas , and long-established clients account for two-thirds of its turnover .

Moreover it recognizes its duty to make such publications accessible to the public at large , and not to restrict access on any grounds other than legal .
[also] it recognizes its duty to make such publications accessible to the public at large , and not to restrict access on any grounds other than legal .

Moreover , not to act or not to be able to act decisively , seriously weakened the resolve of members in making a choice between professional standards and employers ' decisions .
[also] , not to act or not to be able to act decisively , seriously weakened the resolve of members in making a choice between professional standards and employers ' decisions .

Moreover this policy positively invites tit-for-tat measures if or when another political party takes over , and this eventually and inevitably leads to an escalation of censorship .
[also] this policy positively invites tit-for-tat measures if or when another political party takes over , and this eventually and inevitably leads to an escalation of censorship .

One can appreciate why there may be a deliberate decision to restrict their circulation : these are sensitive matters and whatever policy applies , one group or another will be dissatisfied , perhaps to the extent of taking action against the library ; moreover any decision-making that is laid bare almost always invites debate and dispute .
one can appreciate why there may be a deliberate decision to restrict their circulation : these are sensitive matters and whatever policy applies , one group or another will be dissatisfied , perhaps to the extent of taking action against the library ; [also] any decision-making that is laid bare almost always invites debate and dispute .

Moreover , lectures can be used for groups of different sizes — an advantage in practical timetabling .
[also] , lectures can be used for groups of different sizes — an advantage in practical timetabling .

Moreover , if we accept , as it is often proclaimed , that user education is a continuous educational process , desirable for everyone at different stages of their lives , then this goal must surely be sought and certainly co-operation and co-ordination are the agencies by which it can be effected .
[also] , if we accept , as it is often proclaimed , that user education is a continuous educational process , desirable for everyone at different stages of their lives , then this goal must surely be sought and certainly co-operation and co-ordination are the agencies by which it can be effected .

Moreover , it is perhaps doubtful whether many delinquents hold openly oppositional views or values as Cohen suggests .
[also] , it is perhaps doubtful whether many delinquents hold openly oppositional views or values as cohen suggests .

Moreover , labels need not be permanent and irreversible .
[also] , labels need not be permanent and irreversible .

Moreover , even when it is detected , it is often not formally and legally dealt with ( the middle class bias in criminal statistics will be discussed in more detail in Chapter Four ) .
[also] , even when it is detected , it is often not formally and legally dealt with ( the middle class bias in criminal statistics will be discussed in more detail in chapter four ) .

Moreover , those who suffer from the effects of corporate crime , the victims , tend to remain unaware that they have been victimised .
[also] , those who suffer from the effects of corporate crime , the victims , tend to remain unaware that they have been victimised .

Moreover , fraud trials generally take longer than other criminal trials , due to the sophisticated and complex nature of many frauds , and they often stretch over many months .
[also] , fraud trials generally take longer than other criminal trials , due to the sophisticated and complex nature of many frauds , and they often stretch over many months .

Moreover , the complex nature of many frauds makes it difficult for the police to prepare a sound case .
[also] , the complex nature of many frauds makes it difficult for the police to prepare a sound case .

Moreover , these interpretations emphasise too heavily individual rather than social causes of crime and delinquency .
[also] , these interpretations emphasise too heavily individual rather than social causes of crime and delinquency .

Moreover , male criminals tend to see the crimes they commit as too dangerous for women , or too difficult , or their masculine pride may not be willing to accept women as organisers of crime , as ‘ bosses ’ .
[also] , male criminals tend to see the crimes they commit as too dangerous for women , or too difficult , or their masculine pride may not be willing to accept women as organisers of crime , as ‘ bosses ’ .

Moreover , while they do show that official statistics tend to underestimate the amount of crime , it is likely that victim studies also under-record the amount — mostly because people can only report having been victims of crime if they know that they have been victimised .
[also] , while they do show that official statistics tend to underestimate the amount of crime , it is likely that victim studies also under-record the amount — mostly because people can only report having been victims of crime if they know that they have been victimised .

Moreover , as will be argued below , they provided the continuity between the older philanthropic tradition and the labour exchange system as an example of collectivist social policy .
[also] , as will be argued below , they provided the continuity between the older philanthropic tradition and the labour exchange system as an example of collectivist social policy .

Moreover , it was very much a conscious decision inspired by the welfare work of Norman Chamberlain , its leading social reformer , and his co-worker Edward Birchall .
[also] , it was very much a conscious decision inspired by the welfare work of norman chamberlain , its leading social reformer , and his co-worker edward birchall .

’ Moreover , economic factors , such as the ‘ blind alley ’ , seemed to be making matters worse .
’ [also] , economic factors , such as the ‘ blind alley ’ , seemed to be making matters worse .

Moreover , the greater use of semi-skilled labour , either in new processes or in those previously monopolized by apprenticed tradesmen , not only threatened to undermine job security but also helped to create a new and indeterminate category of ‘ skill ’ .
[also] , the greater use of semi-skilled labour , either in new processes or in those previously monopolized by apprenticed tradesmen , not only threatened to undermine job security but also helped to create a new and indeterminate category of ‘ skill ’ .

Moreover , in the simplest of terms , it was correctly felt that occupational satisfaction , which a sense of ‘ service ’ could create , was a prerequisite of a stable political culture .
[also] , in the simplest of terms , it was correctly felt that occupational satisfaction , which a sense of ‘ service ’ could create , was a prerequisite of a stable political culture .

Moreover , the distance was exaggerated by the educational character of their proposal , which employers recognized would restrict their freedom to use juvenile labour at their own discretion ; and , given employers ' traditional suspicion of further education , they regarded the whole idea as unnecessary , potentially expensive and disruptive of production schedules .
[also] , the distance was exaggerated by the educational character of their proposal , which employers recognized would restrict their freedom to use juvenile labour at their own discretion ; and , given employers ' traditional suspicion of further education , they regarded the whole idea as unnecessary , potentially expensive and disruptive of production schedules .

Young workers , then , had come to be regarded as integral to the efficient functioning of the social and economic system and , moreover , to the development of ‘ character ’ throughout the working class .
young workers , then , had come to be regarded as integral to the efficient functioning of the social and economic system and , [also] , to the development of ‘ character ’ throughout the working class .

Moreover , the complacent acceptance of socialization as a justification for adult authority denies adolescents the right to mount their own critiques , just as reformers never allowed the possibility of a reasoned and intelligent adolescent point of view .
[also] , the complacent acceptance of socialization as a justification for adult authority denies adolescents the right to mount their own critiques , just as reformers never allowed the possibility of a reasoned and intelligent adolescent point of view .

Moreover , we believe that the knowledge worker in its broadest sense is any member of the labor force who adds value to a data or information product whether or not that added value is primarily in terms of packaging and delivering the message , or in terms of enhancing the meaning and usability of the message … .
[also] , we believe that the knowledge worker in its broadest sense is any member of the labor force who adds value to a data or information product whether or not that added value is primarily in terms of packaging and delivering the message , or in terms of enhancing the meaning and usability of the message … .

Moreover , a common feature of scanning is that early signals often show up in unexpected places .
[also] , a common feature of scanning is that early signals often show up in unexpected places .

Moreover , the officer of arms making the visitation was directed to enquire into the lives of all those using a title of honour or dignity such as knight , esquire or gentleman , and if such a title or coat of arms had been falsely assumed or usurped , the offender was to be publicly denounced by proclamation .
[also] , the officer of arms making the visitation was directed to enquire into the lives of all those using a title of honour or dignity such as knight , esquire or gentleman , and if such a title or coat of arms had been falsely assumed or usurped , the offender was to be publicly denounced by proclamation .

Moreover , Zambia 's copper deposits are running down so that the industry is threatened with extinction early in the next century .
[also] , zambia 's copper deposits are running down so that the industry is threatened with extinction early in the next century .

Moreover , if there is one category that is markedly different from others , this is a good one to choose as the base , since it will focus attention on the difference .
[also] , if there is one category that is markedly different from others , this is a good one to choose as the base , since it will focus attention on the difference .

Moreover , symmetry has been restored to the concept of chance .
[also] , symmetry has been restored to the concept of chance .

Moreover , there is a danger than data that presented very little pattern originally can be smoothed into an artefactually interesting story ; exercise 9.4 has been designed to enable you to explore this point .
[also] , there is a danger than data that presented very little pattern originally can be smoothed into an artefactually interesting story ; exercise 9.4 has been designed to enable you to explore this point .

Moreover , if the residuals are well behaved ( Gaussian , without freak values ) then the calculation of the likely error associated with the coefficients is fairly straightforward .
[also] , if the residuals are well behaved ( gaussian , without freak values ) then the calculation of the likely error associated with the coefficients is fairly straightforward .

Moreover , the variables contributing to the effect may themselves be causally related .
[also] , the variables contributing to the effect may themselves be causally related .

Moreover , Kebin and Kaiguo ( 1989 ) describe the measures suggested by the Project of Protective Forest System which was approved by the government in 1978 to improve conditions in northern China .
[also] , kebin and kaiguo ( 1989 ) describe the measures suggested by the project of protective forest system which was approved by the government in 1978 to improve conditions in northern china .

Moreover , enhanced soil erosion is creating other problems .
[also] , enhanced soil erosion is creating other problems .

Moreover , the data show that once the crown cover is reduced below c. 70 per cent , runoff and erosion increased rapidly but that there was little difference when crown cover was between 70 and 90 per cent .
[also] , the data show that once the crown cover is reduced below c. 70 per cent , runoff and erosion increased rapidly but that there was little difference when crown cover was between 70 and 90 per cent .

Moreover , the success of these pre-Hispanic cultures implies that their food-producing systems were effective .
[also] , the success of these pre-hispanic cultures implies that their food-producing systems were effective .

Moreover , in the Pelileo-Patate region ( eastern Cordillera of Ecuador ) , Stadel states that nearly 60 per cent of the farms ( minifundia ) are less than 1 ha and some 94.3 per cent are less than 5 ha .
[also] , in the pelileo-patate region ( eastern cordillera of ecuador ) , stadel states that nearly 60 per cent of the farms ( minifundia ) are less than 1 ha and some 94.3 per cent are less than 5 ha .

Moreover , the system of land tenure , wherein the land belongs to the indigenous Fijians and can only be leased to Indo-Fijians ( the descendants of indentured cane workers who were drafted in from India in the early colonial period ) militates against conservation measures because it ensures the political dominance of the former ; and the encouragement of production ensures that such land is seen to be in use , an artefact to maintain internal stability .
[also] , the system of land tenure , wherein the land belongs to the indigenous fijians and can only be leased to indo-fijians ( the descendants of indentured cane workers who were drafted in from india in the early colonial period ) militates against conservation measures because it ensures the political dominance of the former ; and the encouragement of production ensures that such land is seen to be in use , an artefact to maintain internal stability .

Moreover , the fundamental social structures and traditional land-management practices of many indigenous populations have often been dismissed as more or less irrelevant to modern-day needs .
[also] , the fundamental social structures and traditional land-management practices of many indigenous populations have often been dismissed as more or less irrelevant to modern-day needs .

Moreover , in the last four developed world have resulted in increased leisure time which in turn has brought increased pressures on the environment via recreation , tourism and sport .
[also] , in the last four developed world have resulted in increased leisure time which in turn has brought increased pressures on the environment via recreation , tourism and sport .

Moreover , there is often , as Wyatt-Smith ( 1987 ) has discussed in relation to the exploitation of tropical moist forests , inadequate information about terrain conditions , species composition , growth rates and tree life cycles which compound the problems of resource management .
[also] , there is often , as wyatt-smith ( 1987 ) has discussed in relation to the exploitation of tropical moist forests , inadequate information about terrain conditions , species composition , growth rates and tree life cycles which compound the problems of resource management .

Moreover , if animals are integrated into the system , the prunings from the hedges can be used to supplement their fodder .
[also] , if animals are integrated into the system , the prunings from the hedges can be used to supplement their fodder .

Moreover , de Groot 's fears , expressed in 1983 , have been reiterated by Emory in 1988 who states that in 1986 some 26023 tourists visited the islands and that the problems of environmental protection are being exacerbated by the influx of mainland Ecuadoreans seeking wealth in the tourist trade .
[also] , de groot 's fears , expressed in 1983 , have been reiterated by emory in 1988 who states that in 1986 some 26023 tourists visited the islands and that the problems of environmental protection are being exacerbated by the influx of mainland ecuadoreans seeking wealth in the tourist trade .

Moreover , expeditions tend to congregate in a few favoured areas which provide rapid access to peaks as well as adequate water supplies and shelter from natural hazards like avalanches .
[also] , expeditions tend to congregate in a few favoured areas which provide rapid access to peaks as well as adequate water supplies and shelter from natural hazards like avalanches .

Moreover , expedition companies , individuals and host countries must play a more significant role in combating this problem .
[also] , expedition companies , individuals and host countries must play a more significant role in combating this problem .

Moreover , Day and Lisansky point out that other environmental factors , such as soil type , are also determinants of nitrogen-fixing efficiency as is competition between naturally occurring Rhizobium spp .
[also] , day and lisansky point out that other environmental factors , such as soil type , are also determinants of nitrogen-fixing efficiency as is competition between naturally occurring rhizobium spp .

Moreover , Schell et al .
[also] , schell et al .

Moreover , recent work has shown that much of the heat energy in the seas of the North Atlantic ( every square kilometre of which gives off as much energy as a nuclear power station and hence influences our weather ) is absorbed from sunlight in the tropical Pacific and is carried by ocean currents through the Drake Passage and up into the Atlantic .
[also] , recent work has shown that much of the heat energy in the seas of the north atlantic ( every square kilometre of which gives off as much energy as a nuclear power station and hence influences our weather ) is absorbed from sunlight in the tropical pacific and is carried by ocean currents through the drake passage and up into the atlantic .

Moreover , she goes on , these problems are accentuated by the complexities of modern surgery and the large number of high-risk patients being admitted for hitherto inoperable conditions , particularly the very young , the elderly debilitated patient , diabetic , cancer and transplant patients , the severely injured , the burned and those undergoing surgery .
[also] , she goes on , these problems are accentuated by the complexities of modern surgery and the large number of high-risk patients being admitted for hitherto inoperable conditions , particularly the very young , the elderly debilitated patient , diabetic , cancer and transplant patients , the severely injured , the burned and those undergoing surgery .

Moreover , without a doubt , peers contribute greatly to socialization—especially by helping children learn to resolve conﬂict , cooperate , share , form deep attachments beyond the family , and otherwise behave in ways that foster social harmony .
[also] , without a doubt , peers contribute greatly to socialization—especially by helping children learn to resolve conﬂict , cooperate , share , form deep attachments beyond the family , and otherwise behave in ways that foster social harmony .

Moreover , decades of research on intelligence show that IQ , although not inﬁnitely pliant , varies greatly with the stimulating quality of children ’ s experiences .
[also] , decades of research on intelligence show that iq , although not inﬁnitely pliant , varies greatly with the stimulating quality of children ’ s experiences .

Moreover , parents must ensure that time at the computer does not interfere with the variety of experiences children need to learn at their best .
[also] , parents must ensure that time at the computer does not interfere with the variety of experiences children need to learn at their best .

Moreover , retailers want an order to arrive at their distribution center at an exact time .
[also] , retailers want an order to arrive at their distribution center at an exact time .

Moreover , these salesmen provided a flow of information to their headquarters on changing demand in -various localities as well as the credit ratings of local storekeepers and merchants .
[also] , these salesmen provided a flow of information to their headquarters on changing demand in -various localities as well as the credit ratings of local storekeepers and merchants .

Moreover , the failure to comply with federal and state employment statutes relating to minimum wages , overtime rates , and child labor , uncovered in periodic enforcement forays , have contributed to the decline of this sector .
[also] , the failure to comply with federal and state employment statutes relating to minimum wages , overtime rates , and child labor , uncovered in periodic enforcement forays , have contributed to the decline of this sector .

Moreover , and as this volume indicates , the offsetting influences of lean retailing and short-cycle production in comparison with low foreign labor rates must be evaluated by product demand variability , rather than simply making generalizations about aggregate trade and immigration .
[also] , and as this volume indicates , the offsetting influences of lean retailing and short-cycle production in comparison with low foreign labor rates must be evaluated by product demand variability , rather than simply making generalizations about aggregate trade and immigration .

Moreover , in these interiors the architecture is in the background .
[also] , in these interiors the architecture is in the background .

Moreover , while their architecture is built with a great sense of style , it is never merely stylized .
[also] , while their architecture is built with a great sense of style , it is never merely stylized .

Moreover , the nineteen diVerent hexamers diVered from one another , on average , in three of the six amino acid positions .
[also] , the nineteen diverent hexamers divered from one another , on average , in three of the six amino acid positions .

Moreover , the hypothesis is richly testable and , as described in the next chapter , is now under the early stages of testing .
[also] , the hypothesis is richly testable and , as described in the next chapter , is now under the early stages of testing .

Moreover , autonomous agents forever push their way into novelty = molecular , morphological , behavioral , organizational .
[also] , autonomous agents forever push their way into novelty = molecular , morphological , behavioral , organizational .

Moreover , there is no deductive way to arrive at these macroscopic collective properties from the underlying quantum mechanics of atoms of gold .
[also] , there is no deductive way to arrive at these macroscopic collective properties from the underlying quantum mechanics of atoms of gold .

Moreover , when Tomasina died , she took with her the unique proteins and small molecules that were trilobite molecular species .
[also] , when tomasina died , she took with her the unique proteins and small molecules that were trilobite molecular species .

Moreover , general competitive equilibrium , seen as a culmination of one central strand of economic theory , is too limited .
[also] , general competitive equilibrium , seen as a culmination of one central strand of economic theory , is too limited .

Moreover , for any given number of clauses and V variables , if a given assignment of true or false to the V variables satisfies the Ksat problem , we can ask if any of the -mutant neighbor assignments of true and false to the V variables that change the truth value assigned to one of the V variables also satisfy the Ksat problem .
[also] , for any given number of clauses and v variables , if a given assignment of true or false to the v variables satisfies the ksat problem , we can ask if any of the -mutant neighbor assignments of true and false to the v variables that change the truth value assigned to one of the v variables also satisfy the ksat problem .

Moreover , there is an overlap but nonidentity between the classes of Boolean functions of high P values and Boolean functions with or more canalyzing inputs .
[also] , there is an overlap but nonidentity between the classes of boolean functions of high p values and boolean functions with or more canalyzing inputs .

Moreover , Bruce and Tim have found reasonable numerical evidence for small and large avalanches of local extinction events upon entry of new species while the community was filling up .
[also] , bruce and tim have found reasonable numerical evidence for small and large avalanches of local extinction events upon entry of new species while the community was filling up .

Moreover , once a new species comes into existence , say , Godzilla ’ , it may not fare well in its new niche , hence , may go extinct soon .
[also] , once a new species comes into existence , say , godzilla ’ , it may not fare well in its new niche , hence , may go extinct soon .

Moreover , the tiny windmill is an example of a device that not only detects the wind from the left to the right box , but also orients the fan perpendicular to that wind and has couplings and constraints embodied in its structure such that mechanical work is actually extracted .
[also] , the tiny windmill is an example of a device that not only detects the wind from the left to the right box , but also orients the fan perpendicular to that wind and has couplings and constraints embodied in its structure such that mechanical work is actually extracted .

Moreover , the cell does thermodynamic work , utilizing ATP degradation to ADP , to link amino acids together into a protein enzyme .
[also] , the cell does thermodynamic work , utilizing atp degradation to adp , to link amino acids together into a protein enzyme .

Moreover , Las Vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well .
[also] , las vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well .

Moreover , these ventures left France ’ s once-thriving economy in ruins .
[also] , these ventures left france ’ s once-thriving economy in ruins .

The attitude expressed by Emperor Qianlong at Britian ’ s first attempt to open trade with China in 1793 continued to prevail : “ We possess all things , ” said the emperor , “ I set no value on objects strange or ingenious , and have no use for your country ’ s manufactures. ” Moreover , China would accept nothing but silver bullion in exchange for its goods , so Britian had to look for a more abundant commodity to square its accounts .
the attitude expressed by emperor qianlong at britian ’ s first attempt to open trade with china in 1793 continued to prevail : “ we possess all things , ” said the emperor , “ i set no value on objects strange or ingenious , and have no use for your country ’ s manufactures. ” [also] , china would accept nothing but silver bullion in exchange for its goods , so britian had to look for a more abundant commodity to square its accounts .

Moreover , there was not always a clear distinction between pirates and privateers , the latter officially authorized by their governments to plunder enemy ships during time of war .
[also] , there was not always a clear distinction between pirates and privateers , the latter officially authorized by their governments to plunder enemy ships during time of war .

Moreover , it boasts two charming old quarters as full of character as any place in Europe .
[also] , it boasts two charming old quarters as full of character as any place in europe .

Moreover , the resort is spread out over 17 km ( 11 miles ) , with no real center , so you need transport to get around .
[also] , the resort is spread out over 17 km ( 11 miles ) , with no real center , so you need transport to get around .

Moreover , having an old parent does not automatically confer on children the right to make the parents ' health care choices .
[also] , having an old parent does not automatically confer on children the right to make the parents ' health care choices .

Moreover , these visits are not consistently attended by the patient or delivered by the same physician who saw the patient in the initial visit to the emergency setting .
[also] , these visits are not consistently attended by the patient or delivered by the same physician who saw the patient in the initial visit to the emergency setting .

Moreover , the magnitude of the challenges that the new department faces will clearly require substantial time and effort , and will take institutional continuity and additional resources to make it fully effective .
[also] , the magnitude of the challenges that the new department faces will clearly require substantial time and effort , and will take institutional continuity and additional resources to make it fully effective .

Moreover , there must be a system to identify homeland security funds across the wide range of existing budget accounts and program activities .
[also] , there must be a system to identify homeland security funds across the wide range of existing budget accounts and program activities .

Moreover , the organizational transition of the various components will simply be the starting point - as implementation challenges beyond the first year should be expected in building a fully integrated department .
[also] , the organizational transition of the various components will simply be the starting point - as implementation challenges beyond the first year should be expected in building a fully integrated department .

Moreover , we should expect that any reorganization would incur start up costs as well as require some funding for redundant activities to maintain continuity of effort during the transition period .
[also] , we should expect that any reorganization would incur start up costs as well as require some funding for redundant activities to maintain continuity of effort during the transition period .

Moreover , effective information technology management is critical to achieving useful , reliable , and continual recording and communication of information .
[also] , effective information technology management is critical to achieving useful , reliable , and continual recording and communication of information .

Moreover , these excise taxes , like other taxes , are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment .
[also] , these excise taxes , like other taxes , are determined through the exercise of the power of the government to compel payment .

Moreover , assessment of financial condition could include analysis of trends , demands , commitments , events , and uncertainties.4 Stewardship PP & E 11 .
[also] , assessment of financial condition could include analysis of trends , demands , commitments , events , and uncertainties.4 stewardship pp & e 11 .

These agencies are poorly positioned to meet the demands of the 1990s.1 Moreover , many of these agencies find themselves without a clear understanding of who they are or where they are headed .
these agencies are poorly positioned to meet the demands of the 1990s.1 [also] , many of these agencies find themselves without a clear understanding of who they are or where they are headed .

Moreover , underscoring the fact that implementing management changes required by GPRA will not come quickly , most of the agencies profiled began their results-oriented management before GPRA was enacted .
[also] , underscoring the fact that implementing management changes required by gpra will not come quickly , most of the agencies profiled began their results-oriented management before gpra was enacted .

Moreover , underscoring the fact that implementing management changes required by GPRA will not come quickly , most of the agencies profiled began their results-oriented management before GPRA was enacted .
[also] , underscoring the fact that implementing management changes required by gpra will not come quickly , most of the agencies profiled began their results-oriented management before gpra was enacted .

Moreover , some members of the NEPDG have already provided us with information identical in kind to the type of information we are seeking from the Vice President in his capacity as Chair of the NEPDG and from NEPDG staff members .
[also] , some members of the nepdg have already provided us with information identical in kind to the type of information we are seeking from the vice president in his capacity as chair of the nepdg and from nepdg staff members .

Moreover , in any event , 9 Tongass National Forest : Process Used to Modify the Forest Plan , GAO/RCED-00-45 April 17 , 2000 .
[also] , in any event , 9 tongass national forest : process used to modify the forest plan , gao/rced-00-45 april 17 , 2000 .

Moreover , it is virtually impossible to analyze the documentation.15 We can not do a meaningful review without an explanation of the nature and purposes of these costs and the appropriation that was charged .
[also] , it is virtually impossible to analyze the documentation.15 we can not do a meaningful review without an explanation of the nature and purposes of these costs and the appropriation that was charged .

Moreover , the changes to date do not address all the issues raised by the accountability breakdowns .
[also] , the changes to date do not address all the issues raised by the accountability breakdowns .

Moreover , systems could be designed and operated to contain specific control mechanisms to prevent payment authorization either manually or in an automated environment prior to confirmation of receipt and acceptance .
[also] , systems could be designed and operated to contain specific control mechanisms to prevent payment authorization either manually or in an automated environment prior to confirmation of receipt and acceptance .

Moreover , the Act required the Departments , in issuing any new rules in those areas , to utilize the Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990 as a guide with the direct participation of tribal representatives in the rulemaking .
[also] , the act required the departments , in issuing any new rules in those areas , to utilize the negotiated rulemaking act of 1990 as a guide with the direct participation of tribal representatives in the rulemaking .

Moreover , we note that an effective date of May 22 , 1997 , is in all probability too late to influence spring planting decisions .
[also] , we note that an effective date of may 22 , 1997 , is in all probability too late to influence spring planting decisions .

Moreover , any additional costs would be eligible to receive up to 50 percent Federal matching funds .
[also] , any additional costs would be eligible to receive up to 50 percent federal matching funds .

Moreover , new permanent hires fell from about 118,000 in fiscal year 1990 to a low of about 48,000 in 1994 , before beginning a slow rise to about 71,500 in fiscal year 1998 .
[also] , new permanent hires fell from about 118,000 in fiscal year 1990 to a low of about 48,000 in 1994 , before beginning a slow rise to about 71,500 in fiscal year 1998 .

Moreover , the government depends heavily on computer systems and networks to implement vital public services supporting national defense , revenue collections , and social benefits .
[also] , the government depends heavily on computer systems and networks to implement vital public services supporting national defense , revenue collections , and social benefits .

Moreover , the realignment will help us to enhance our longterm capacity by improving recruitment and retention ; building a succession plan ; focusing on emerging issues ; and leveraging technology opportunities for improvements to clients , processes , and employees .
[also] , the realignment will help us to enhance our longterm capacity by improving recruitment and retention ; building a succession plan ; focusing on emerging issues ; and leveraging technology opportunities for improvements to clients , processes , and employees .

Moreover , the pervasive changes confronting the Congress and the nation present an opportunity for the Congress to reconsider the approach it takes to oversight responsibilities .
[also] , the pervasive changes confronting the congress and the nation present an opportunity for the congress to reconsider the approach it takes to oversight responsibilities .

Moreover , it will important for Congress to consider issues that will help GAO to recruit , retain and motivate an effective workforce .
[also] , it will important for congress to consider issues that will help gao to recruit , retain and motivate an effective workforce .

Moreover , even though the Vice President and his counsel acknowledge our authority to access cost information , they have not provided us the remaining cost information and explanations requested .
[also] , even though the vice president and his counsel acknowledge our authority to access cost information , they have not provided us the remaining cost information and explanations requested .

Moreover , we are building and maintaining a strong presence of both senior executives and recent graduates on targeted college campuses .
[also] , we are building and maintaining a strong presence of both senior executives and recent graduates on targeted college campuses .

Moreover , as discussed in our Medicare Program Major Rule Report referred to above , the mere existence of the April 1 statutory deadline established by the IIRIRA , which was enacted September 30 , 1996 , did not provide a basis for failing to comply with the 60-day delay provision .
[also] , as discussed in our medicare program major rule report referred to above , the mere existence of the april 1 statutory deadline established by the iirira , which was enacted september 30 , 1996 , did not provide a basis for failing to comply with the 60-day delay provision .

Moreover , effective information technology management is critical to achieving useful , reliable , and continuous recording and communication of information .
[also] , effective information technology management is critical to achieving useful , reliable , and continuous recording and communication of information .

Moreover , GAO 's statutory right of access to an agency 's records is not diminished by the certification provisions of the legislation .
[also] , gao 's statutory right of access to an agency 's records is not diminished by the certification provisions of the legislation .

Moreover , it is possible to have questions that require nested case studies .
[also] , it is possible to have questions that require nested case studies .

Moreover , the pieces themselves are sharply influenced by the nature of the immediate context . ''
[also] , the pieces themselves are sharply influenced by the nature of the immediate context . ''

Moreover , the change in net worth not only includes the saving flow from current income but also reflects changes in the market value of assets accumulated by households .
[also] , the change in net worth not only includes the saving flow from current income but also reflects changes in the market value of assets accumulated by households .

Moreover , the mix of assets held by American households has changed dramatically .
[also] , the mix of assets held by american households has changed dramatically .

Thus , the nation as a whole may not be able to consume and invest more.26 Moreover , all households may not be able to simultaneously tap their apparent wealth to finance consumption because large-scale asset sales could tend to depress market values .
thus , the nation as a whole may not be able to consume and invest more.26 [also] , all households may not be able to simultaneously tap their apparent wealth to finance consumption because large-scale asset sales could tend to depress market values .

Moreover , the researchers found that a significant portion of higher-income households save little .
[also] , the researchers found that a significant portion of higher-income households save little .

Moreover , Medicare costs are expected to increase faster than the rest of the economy .
[also] , medicare costs are expected to increase faster than the rest of the economy .

Moreover , the market value of financial assets is often volatile and may not reflect a real , permanent change in the productive potential of the underlying capital assets .
[also] , the market value of financial assets is often volatile and may not reflect a real , permanent change in the productive potential of the underlying capital assets .

Moreover , the aging of the population may exert negative pressure on national saving .
[also] , the aging of the population may exert negative pressure on national saving .

Moreover , CBO 's inflated baseline assumes that discretionary spending-which is controlled through annual appropriations-will grow after 2002 at the rate of inflation .
[also] , cbo 's inflated baseline assumes that discretionary spending-which is controlled through annual appropriations-will grow after 2002 at the rate of inflation .

The Commissioner has articulated a new mission for the agency , together with support for strategic goals that balance customer service and compliance with tax laws.3 Moreover , the Commissioner has initiated a modernization effort that touches virtually every aspect of the agency , including business practices , organizational structure , management roles and responsibilities , performance measures , and technology .
the commissioner has articulated a new mission for the agency , together with support for strategic goals that balance customer service and compliance with tax laws.3 [also] , the commissioner has initiated a modernization effort that touches virtually every aspect of the agency , including business practices , organizational structure , management roles and responsibilities , performance measures , and technology .

Moreover , by using annual performance plans to set goals to address management weaknesses , agencies provide themselves and Congress with a vehicle-the subsequent agency performance reports-for tracking progress in addressing management problems and considering what , if any , additional efforts are needed .
[also] , by using annual performance plans to set goals to address management weaknesses , agencies provide themselves and congress with a vehicle-the subsequent agency performance reports-for tracking progress in addressing management problems and considering what , if any , additional efforts are needed .

Moreover , we find that practices used by federal agency CIOs tend to differ from those used by leading organizations .
[also] , we find that practices used by federal agency cios tend to differ from those used by leading organizations .

Moreover , CEOs and governors can set powerful examples through their own strong relationships with CIOs .
[also] , ceos and governors can set powerful examples through their own strong relationships with cios .

Moreover , the fact that Congress has placed numerous restrictions on legal services funding in the United States-restrictions that then attach to non-LSC funds-causes many organizations that might otherwise seriously consider applying for LSC funds to choose not to do so .
[also] , the fact that congress has placed numerous restrictions on legal services funding in the united states-restrictions that then attach to non-lsc funds-causes many organizations that might otherwise seriously consider applying for lsc funds to choose not to do so .

Moreover , the majority 's contention that the subsidized speech in these cases is not government speech because the lawyers have a professional obligation to represent the interests of their clients founders on the reality that the doctors in Rust had a professional obligation to serve the interests of their patients , see 500 U. S. , at 214 ( Blackmun , J. , dissenting ) ( `` ethical responsibilities of the medical profession '' ) - which at the time of Rust we had held to be highly relevant to the permissible scope of federal regulation , see Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , 476 U. S. 747 , 763 ( 1986 ) ( `` professional responsibilities '' of physicians ) , overruled in part on other grounds , Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pa. v. Casey , 505 U. S. 833 ( 1992 ) .
[also] , the majority 's contention that the subsidized speech in these cases is not government speech because the lawyers have a professional obligation to represent the interests of their clients founders on the reality that the doctors in rust had a professional obligation to serve the interests of their patients , see 500 u. s. , at 214 ( blackmun , j. , dissenting ) ( `` ethical responsibilities of the medical profession '' ) - which at the time of rust we had held to be highly relevant to the permissible scope of federal regulation , see thornburgh v. american college of obstetricians and gynecologists , 476 u. s. 747 , 763 ( 1986 ) ( `` professional responsibilities '' of physicians ) , overruled in part on other grounds , planned parenthood of southeastern pa. v. casey , 505 u. s. 833 ( 1992 ) .

Moreover , by exercising our `` discretion '' to leave the severability question open , we fail to resolve the basic , realworld dispute at issue : whether LSC attorneys may represent welfare claimants who challenge the applicable welfare laws .
[also] , by exercising our `` discretion '' to leave the severability question open , we fail to resolve the basic , realworld dispute at issue : whether lsc attorneys may represent welfare claimants who challenge the applicable welfare laws .

Moreover , absent enforcement , unscrupulous employers , who violate the protections in the H-2A program , 10For example , the adverse effect minimum wage rate for New York H-2A workers in 1999 is $ 7.18 per hour .
[also] , absent enforcement , unscrupulous employers , who violate the protections in the h-2a program , 10for example , the adverse effect minimum wage rate for new york h-2a workers in 1999 is $ 7.18 per hour .

Moreover , it would be impossible to find private counsel to handle emergency situations that arise for eligible alien clients .
[also] , it would be impossible to find private counsel to handle emergency situations that arise for eligible alien clients .

Moreover , H-2A contract cases are expensive to litigate .
[also] , h-2a contract cases are expensive to litigate .

Moreover , government agencies have competing priorities and limited resources .
[also] , government agencies have competing priorities and limited resources .

Moreover , it is a well-established rule that Congress is presumed not to have intended absurd results .
[also] , it is a well-established rule that congress is presumed not to have intended absurd results .

Moreover , requiring legal services attorneys to monitor their clients ' movements and formally withdraw whenever the client left the country would creating extraordinary burdens for the LSC grantees , the clients , opposing parties , and the courts .
[also] , requiring legal services attorneys to monitor their clients ' movements and formally withdraw whenever the client left the country would creating extraordinary burdens for the lsc grantees , the clients , opposing parties , and the courts .

The factual record , moreover , demonstrates the absurdity of this approach .
the factual record , [also] , demonstrates the absurdity of this approach .

Moreover , as interpreted by the Commission , the presence requirement sustains Congress ' clear goal , since the early 1980s , of restricting LSC representation to aliens with lawful status .
[also] , as interpreted by the commission , the presence requirement sustains congress ' clear goal , since the early 1980s , of restricting lsc representation to aliens with lawful status .

Moreover , LSC wanted to encourage all programs to pursue some semblance of planning .
[also] , lsc wanted to encourage all programs to pursue some semblance of planning .

Moreover , these leaders have successfully defined a series of goals and objectives that are founded in the community 's belief in equal access to justice and they have been adept at communicating their goals to others .
[also] , these leaders have successfully defined a series of goals and objectives that are founded in the community 's belief in equal access to justice and they have been adept at communicating their goals to others .

Moreover , LSC has hired a state planning staff person whose area of expertise and emphasis is diversity .
[also] , lsc has hired a state planning staff person whose area of expertise and emphasis is diversity .

Moreover , Argonne researchers recently upgraded AMIGA to incorporate SO2 , NOx , and mercury emissions .
[also] , argonne researchers recently upgraded amiga to incorporate so2 , nox , and mercury emissions .

Moreover , both scenarios reflected increased spending for research and development and other programs designed to accelerate the development and deployment of low-carbon , energy efficient technologies .
[also] , both scenarios reflected increased spending for research and development and other programs designed to accelerate the development and deployment of low-carbon , energy efficient technologies .

Moreover , wood supply increases by about 10 % and the capacity factor of wind energy systems increases by about 15-20 % compared to the reference case assumptions .
[also] , wood supply increases by about 10 % and the capacity factor of wind energy systems increases by about 15-20 % compared to the reference case assumptions .

Moreover , the EIA suggests that there is little documentation to support the assumed technological improvements generated by the research and development ( R & D ) initiatives described in the report .
[also] , the eia suggests that there is little documentation to support the assumed technological improvements generated by the research and development ( r & d ) initiatives described in the report .

Moreover , the analysis anticipates the use of banked allowances made possible by early emissions reductions achieved in the years 2002 through 2006 ( as requested in the Senate letter ) .
[also] , the analysis anticipates the use of banked allowances made possible by early emissions reductions achieved in the years 2002 through 2006 ( as requested in the senate letter ) .

Moreover , a new intertemporal optimization module has been added to AMIGA that allows an evaluation of early reductions and the banking of allowances to be incorporated into policy scenarios .
[also] , a new intertemporal optimization module has been added to amiga that allows an evaluation of early reductions and the banking of allowances to be incorporated into policy scenarios .

Moreover , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .
[also] , the allocation is subject to an increasing reduction each year ( a 1 percent increase each year for twenty years and a 2.5 percent reduction each year thereafter ) , with a corresponding increase in the amounts of allowances auctioned for each year .

Moreover , the ACI is located in a different part of the plant than FGD or SCR and activated carbon injection occurrs in the ductwork between the air preheater and the ESP or FF .
[also] , the aci is located in a different part of the plant than fgd or scr and activated carbon injection occurrs in the ductwork between the air preheater and the esp or ff .

Moreover , the U.S. and worldwide ammonia business is struggling because of slumping domestic demand and increased global capacity for the product and other nitrogen fertilizers derived from it , such as urea .
[also] , the u.s. and worldwide ammonia business is struggling because of slumping domestic demand and increased global capacity for the product and other nitrogen fertilizers derived from it , such as urea .

Moreover , the demand assumptions do not consider any efficiencies that can be achieved at multiple unit installations or installations of multiple technologies at a site .
[also] , the demand assumptions do not consider any efficiencies that can be achieved at multiple unit installations or installations of multiple technologies at a site .

Moreover , the U.S. market for catalyst is currently larger than all of the other national markets combined .
[also] , the u.s. market for catalyst is currently larger than all of the other national markets combined .

Moreover , recent findings also suggest that nitrogen is quantitatively as important or , in some areas , possibly more important than sulfur as a cause of episodic acidification because of short-term acidic pulses occurring during the most biologically sensitive time of the year , when fish reproduce .
[also] , recent findings also suggest that nitrogen is quantitatively as important or , in some areas , possibly more important than sulfur as a cause of episodic acidification because of short-term acidic pulses occurring during the most biologically sensitive time of the year , when fish reproduce .

Thus , the higher the proportion of non-delivered mail , the less opportunity there is for a cream skimmer to undercut the incumbent.16,17 Moreover highly profitable non-delivered mail is much less vulnerable to diversion.18 5 .
thus , the higher the proportion of non-delivered mail , the less opportunity there is for a cream skimmer to undercut the incumbent.16,17 [also] highly profitable non-delivered mail is much less vulnerable to diversion.18 5 .

Moreover , with the exception of daily evaluated time and daily pieces delivered per box , the average values of all variables change monotonically .
[also] , with the exception of daily evaluated time and daily pieces delivered per box , the average values of all variables change monotonically .

Moreover , the first quintile stands apart in that its seconds per piece is also nearly two standard deviations greater than the mean , while the other four are all less than one standard deviation from the mean.20 Thus , the two measures of cost for the first quintile are substantially greater than for the other four quintiles .
[also] , the first quintile stands apart in that its seconds per piece is also nearly two standard deviations greater than the mean , while the other four are all less than one standard deviation from the mean.20 thus , the two measures of cost for the first quintile are substantially greater than for the other four quintiles .

Moreover , the major long distance telephone carriers also provide ubiquitous service .
[also] , the major long distance telephone carriers also provide ubiquitous service .

Moreover , on many roads served by rural carriers , mailboxes must be placed on only one designated side of the road .
[also] , on many roads served by rural carriers , mailboxes must be placed on only one designated side of the road .

Moreover , in the U.S. the routes with the lowest postal density are not the routes with the lowest traffic.16 In France , on the contrary , routes with the lowest postal density have the lowest volumes .
[also] , in the u.s. the routes with the lowest postal density are not the routes with the lowest traffic.16 in france , on the contrary , routes with the lowest postal density have the lowest volumes .

Moreover , when the Commission does attempt to shave some time off of the 10 months provided in the law , representatives of mailers both large and small object .
[also] , when the commission does attempt to shave some time off of the 10 months provided in the law , representatives of mailers both large and small object .

Moreover , unless the Postal Service is incapable of shedding volume variable costs or waits until 2008 before adjusting -- Class rates , the price of a stamp does not have to go up by 17 cents .
[also] , unless the postal service is incapable of shedding volume variable costs or waits until 2008 before adjusting -- class rates , the price of a stamp does not have to go up by 17 cents .

Moreover , understanding the net economic cost of the monopoly allows one to see how much universal service costs postal customers , at least under current institutional arrangements .
[also] , understanding the net economic cost of the monopoly allows one to see how much universal service costs postal customers , at least under current institutional arrangements .

Moreover , we do not know whether the personnel of a cream skimmer would be more productive on the street than U.S .
[also] , we do not know whether the personnel of a cream skimmer would be more productive on the street than u.s .

Moreover , the U.S. has more pieces per capita than virtually any other country .
[also] , the u.s. has more pieces per capita than virtually any other country .

Moreover , the volume of business advertising mail ( i.e. , advertising mail sent by businesses to other businesses ) is unknown and , thus , it is not addressed in this analysis .
[also] , the volume of business advertising mail ( i.e. , advertising mail sent by businesses to other businesses ) is unknown and , thus , it is not addressed in this analysis .

Moreover , the volume of business advertising mail ( i.e. , advertising mail sent by non-households to other non-households ) is not known and , thus , it is not included in advertising mail .
[also] , the volume of business advertising mail ( i.e. , advertising mail sent by non-households to other non-households ) is not known and , thus , it is not included in advertising mail .

Moreover , the volume of business advertising mail ( i.e. , advertising mail sent by non-households to other non-households ) is not known and , thus , it is not included in advertising mail .
[also] , the volume of business advertising mail ( i.e. , advertising mail sent by non-households to other non-households ) is not known and , thus , it is not included in advertising mail .

Moreover , substantial deposits into operatives ' U.S .
[also] , substantial deposits into operatives ' u.s .

Atta , moreover , needed to coordinate with his second-in-command , Nawaf al Hazmi .
atta , [also] , needed to coordinate with his second-in-command , nawaf al hazmi .

Moreover , unlike the approved targets , this alternative had not been discussed with senior al Qaeda leaders and therefore did not have the requisite blessing .
[also] , unlike the approved targets , this alternative had not been discussed with senior al qaeda leaders and therefore did not have the requisite blessing .

Atta , moreover , was nervous about his future communications with Binalshibh , whom he instructed to obtain new telephones upon returning to Germany .
atta , [also] , was nervous about his future communications with binalshibh , whom he instructed to obtain new telephones upon returning to germany .

Moreover , Jarrah had been on his own for most of his time in the United States because Binalshibh 's visa difficulty had prevented the two of them from training together .
[also] , jarrah had been on his own for most of his time in the united states because binalshibh 's visa difficulty had prevented the two of them from training together .

Moreover , he admits that only three potential pilots were ever recruited for the alleged second wave , Moussaoui plus two others who , by midsummer of 2001 , had backed out of the plot .
[also] , he admits that only three potential pilots were ever recruited for the alleged second wave , moussaoui plus two others who , by midsummer of 2001 , had backed out of the plot .

On August 22 , moreover , Jarrah attempted to purchase four GPS units from a pilot shop in Miami .
on august 22 , [also] , jarrah attempted to purchase four gps units from a pilot shop in miami .

Moreover , as of August 2001 , Iyad Kreiwesh and other employees at the Texaco station where Hazmi had worked suddenly were anticipating attention from law enforcement authorities in the near future .
[also] , as of august 2001 , iyad kreiwesh and other employees at the texaco station where hazmi had worked suddenly were anticipating attention from law enforcement authorities in the near future .

Moreover , one candidate hijacker remembers a general warning being issued in the al Qaeda camps in July or early August , just like the warnings issued two weeks before the Cole bombing and ten days before the eventual 9/11 attacks .
[also] , one candidate hijacker remembers a general warning being issued in the al qaeda camps in july or early august , just like the warnings issued two weeks before the cole bombing and ten days before the eventual 9/11 attacks .

Moreover , Bin Ladin had made several remarks that summer hinting at an upcoming attack and generating rumors throughout the worldwide jihadist community .
[also] , bin ladin had made several remarks that summer hinting at an upcoming attack and generating rumors throughout the worldwide jihadist community .

Moreover , participation in drills that were held varied greatly from tenant to tenant .
[also] , participation in drills that were held varied greatly from tenant to tenant .

Moreover , the FBI agent also may have been absent from the room when the identification was made .
[also] , the fbi agent also may have been absent from the room when the identification was made .

Moreover , once information was properly shared , the criminal agent could use it for further investigation .
[also] , once information was properly shared , the criminal agent could use it for further investigation .

Moreover , she said that she could have gone to the NSA and obtained a waiver of any such caveat because there was no FISA information involved in this case .
[also] , she said that she could have gone to the nsa and obtained a waiver of any such caveat because there was no fisa information involved in this case .

Moreover , the most controversial release that specifically declared the air safe to breathe was released after the markets had already reopened .
[also] , the most controversial release that specifically declared the air safe to breathe was released after the markets had already reopened .

Moreover , analysts had difficulty getting access to the FBI and intelligence community information they were expected to analyze .
[also] , analysts had difficulty getting access to the fbi and intelligence community information they were expected to analyze .

Moreover , law enforcement could be effective only after specific individuals were identified , a plot had formed , or an attack had already occurred .
[also] , law enforcement could be effective only after specific individuals were identified , a plot had formed , or an attack had already occurred .

Moreover , the FAA 's intelligence unit did not receive much attention from the agency 's leadership .
[also] , the faa 's intelligence unit did not receive much attention from the agency 's leadership .

Moreover , since terrorist incidents of this period usually ended in negotiations , an ambassador or other embassy official was the logical person to represent U.S. interests .
[also] , since terrorist incidents of this period usually ended in negotiations , an ambassador or other embassy official was the logical person to represent u.s. interests .

Moreover , he calculated that it would cost several million dollars .
[also] , he calculated that it would cost several million dollars .

Moreover , Moussaoui had $ 32,000 in a bank account but did not provide a plausible explanation for this sum of money .
[also] , moussaoui had $ 32,000 in a bank account but did not provide a plausible explanation for this sum of money .

Moreover , because KSM had already been indicted , he became targeted for arrest .
[also] , because ksm had already been indicted , he became targeted for arrest .

Moreover , Bin Ladin had in fact been sponsoring anti-Saddam Islamists in Iraqi Kurdistan , and sought to attract them into his Islamic army .
[also] , bin ladin had in fact been sponsoring anti-saddam islamists in iraqi kurdistan , and sought to attract them into his islamic army .

Moreover , the fighting in Afghanistan made Pakistan home to an enormous-and generally unwelcome-population of Afghan refugees ; and since the badly strained Pakistani education system could not accommodate the refugees , the government increasingly let privately funded religious schools serve as a cost-free alternative .
[also] , the fighting in afghanistan made pakistan home to an enormous-and generally unwelcome-population of afghan refugees ; and since the badly strained pakistani education system could not accommodate the refugees , the government increasingly let privately funded religious schools serve as a cost-free alternative .

Moreover , after 9/11 , Zammar reportedly took credit for influencing not just Binalshibh but the rest of the Hamburg group .
[also] , after 9/11 , zammar reportedly took credit for influencing not just binalshibh but the rest of the hamburg group .

Moreover , certain al Qaeda members were charged with organizing passport collection schemes to keep the pipeline of fraudulent documents flowing .
[also] , certain al qaeda members were charged with organizing passport collection schemes to keep the pipeline of fraudulent documents flowing .

Moreover , because al Qaeda initially was living hand to mouth , there was no need to store funds .
[also] , because al qaeda initially was living hand to mouth , there was no need to store funds .

Moreover , the legal bar to sharing information was often exaggerated .
[also] , the legal bar to sharing information was often exaggerated .

Moreover , OTI analysts were separated from the operational side of terrorist financing at CTC , which planned operations against banks and financial facilitators .
[also] , oti analysts were separated from the operational side of terrorist financing at ctc , which planned operations against banks and financial facilitators .

Moreover , before his deportation , Benomrane described the two Saudis as sons of a sick father who was seeking medical treatment in Los Angeles .
[also] , before his deportation , benomrane described the two saudis as sons of a sick father who was seeking medical treatment in los angeles .

Moreover , with respect to the remaining Saudi muscle hijackers , Khallad claims Bin Ladin chose them because he wanted the 9/11 attacks to resound across Saudi Arabia , especially among the southern tribes and those of the hijackers themselves .
[also] , with respect to the remaining saudi muscle hijackers , khallad claims bin ladin chose them because he wanted the 9/11 attacks to resound across saudi arabia , especially among the southern tribes and those of the hijackers themselves .

Moreover , peer pressure certainly appears to have been a factor in swaying recruits to choose `` martyrdom . ''
[also] , peer pressure certainly appears to have been a factor in swaying recruits to choose `` martyrdom . ''

Moreover , it is unlikely that the highly regarded and experienced pilot and co-pilot of Flight 93 would have allowed an observer into the cockpit before or after takeoff who had not obtained the proper permission .
[also] , it is unlikely that the highly regarded and experienced pilot and co-pilot of flight 93 would have allowed an observer into the cockpit before or after takeoff who had not obtained the proper permission .

Moreover , when the Secretary and Vice Chairman later participated in the White House video teleconference , they were necessarily absent from the NMCC and unable to provide guidance to the operations team .
[also] , when the secretary and vice chairman later participated in the white house video teleconference , they were necessarily absent from the nmcc and unable to provide guidance to the operations team .

Moreover , PSI membership should be open to non- NATO countries .
[also] , psi membership should be open to non- nato countries .

Moreover , some terrorist operations do not rely on outside sources of money and may now be self-funding , either through legitimate employment or low-level criminal activity .
[also] , some terrorist operations do not rely on outside sources of money and may now be self-funding , either through legitimate employment or low-level criminal activity .

Moreover , exit data are not uniformly collected and entry data are not fully automated .
[also] , exit data are not uniformly collected and entry data are not fully automated .

Regular joint training at all levels is , moreover , essential to ensuring close coordination during an actual incident .
regular joint training at all levels is , [also] , essential to ensuring close coordination during an actual incident .

Moreover , scalp-recorded , event-related potentials showed a separate scalp distribution and latency for each variable [ 14 ] .
[also] , scalp-recorded , event-related potentials showed a separate scalp distribution and latency for each variable [ 14 ] .

Moreover , recent studies also suggest that in some settings , mouse pancreatic epithelial cells can engender neuron-like cells [ 7,8 ] .
[also] , recent studies also suggest that in some settings , mouse pancreatic epithelial cells can engender neuron-like cells [ 7,8 ] .

Moreover , stage 2 NS-derived cells expressed RA receptors including RAR-α and RAR-γ ( see Figure 1C ) , indicating competence for RA signals .
[also] , stage 2 ns-derived cells expressed ra receptors including rar-α and rar-γ ( see figure 1c ) , indicating competence for ra signals .

Moreover , this response was sensitive to plating density , revealing that additional cell-non-autonomous factors may regulate this response .
[also] , this response was sensitive to plating density , revealing that additional cell-non-autonomous factors may regulate this response .

Moreover , Shh treatment during stage 4 eliminated expression of Pdx1 , FoxA3 , and insulin ( Figure 3F ) .
[also] , shh treatment during stage 4 eliminated expression of pdx1 , foxa3 , and insulin ( figure 3f ) .

Moreover , IPCs transplanted into mice remained differentiated and released circulating human insulin in a glucose-dependent manner .
[also] , ipcs transplanted into mice remained differentiated and released circulating human insulin in a glucose-dependent manner .

Moreover , there is a risk of exposing the patient to the risk of hypoglycemia if excessive doses of insulin are administered .
[also] , there is a risk of exposing the patient to the risk of hypoglycemia if excessive doses of insulin are administered .

Moreover , the field has expanded rapidly , especially since the development of molecular techniques in the past two to three decades .
[also] , the field has expanded rapidly , especially since the development of molecular techniques in the past two to three decades .

Moreover , I can recommend it to Japanese students not only as an introduction to evolution , but also as an exercise in reading a well-written and engaging English text .
[also] , i can recommend it to japanese students not only as an introduction to evolution , but also as an exercise in reading a well-written and engaging english text .

Moreover , Coyne and Orr note weaknesses in all three cases , as well as in examples of “ host races ” that have been advanced as species in statu nascendi .
[also] , coyne and orr note weaknesses in all three cases , as well as in examples of “ host races ” that have been advanced as species in statu nascendi .

Moreover , our relationship with the PLoS community journals is one of strict editorial independence .
[also] , our relationship with the plos community journals is one of strict editorial independence .

Moreover , the high cost of enzyme replacement therapy forces us to consider what society can afford in the way of palliative treatments for very rare diseases .
[also] , the high cost of enzyme replacement therapy forces us to consider what society can afford in the way of palliative treatments for very rare diseases .

Moreover , since most physicians took care of only one or at most two patients with the disease , they were not in a position to perform a dose-ranging study .
[also] , since most physicians took care of only one or at most two patients with the disease , they were not in a position to perform a dose-ranging study .

Moreover , quadrupling the dose does not increase the rate of response [ 11 ] .
[also] , quadrupling the dose does not increase the rate of response [ 11 ] .

Moreover , because the onset of Alzheimer disease can be hard to pinpoint , and early changes may occur years before the disease is diagnosed , conclusions must be based on large samples , followed over a long period of time .
[also] , because the onset of alzheimer disease can be hard to pinpoint , and early changes may occur years before the disease is diagnosed , conclusions must be based on large samples , followed over a long period of time .

Moreover , the availability of other medications and dietary supplements was limited , and protective materials and other supplies and utilities were not always available ( Table 1 ) .
[also] , the availability of other medications and dietary supplements was limited , and protective materials and other supplies and utilities were not always available ( table 1 ) .

Moreover , both the lid and the base contribute independently to RP deubiquitination activity .
[also] , both the lid and the base contribute independently to rp deubiquitination activity .

Moreover , the effects are most difficult to estimate because both heterospecific and horizontal transmission must be accounted for .
[also] , the effects are most difficult to estimate because both heterospecific and horizontal transmission must be accounted for .

Moreover , although only a few of these 39 pairs ( see Table 1 in Johnson and Cicero [ 2004 ] ) had sufficient sampling to assess intraspecific variation in mtDNA sequences , these typically showed paraphyly in mtDNA haplotypes .
[also] , although only a few of these 39 pairs ( see table 1 in johnson and cicero [ 2004 ] ) had sufficient sampling to assess intraspecific variation in mtdna sequences , these typically showed paraphyly in mtdna haplotypes .

Moreover , collaborations between the proteomics and evolutionary genetics communities would facilitate investigation of the potential role of gene duplication during the evolution of the protein–protein and cell–cell interactions that are fundamental to the biology of multicellular organisms .
[also] , collaborations between the proteomics and evolutionary genetics communities would facilitate investigation of the potential role of gene duplication during the evolution of the protein–protein and cell–cell interactions that are fundamental to the biology of multicellular organisms .

Moreover , viral replication and rebound—which eventually occurred in all participants—is seen by some researchers as inherently detrimental , and these experts argue that treatment interruptions are unsafe and their use should be discontinued .
[also] , viral replication and rebound—which eventually occurred in all participants—is seen by some researchers as inherently detrimental , and these experts argue that treatment interruptions are unsafe and their use should be discontinued .

Moreover , the effect of vegetation on wind is not yet included in such models .
[also] , the effect of vegetation on wind is not yet included in such models .

Moreover , the intensity of smoking is related to both risk of death and body mass index .
[also] , the intensity of smoking is related to both risk of death and body mass index .

Moreover , replicated studies using similar methods might substantially improve the signal-to-noise ratio , which can be weakened in “ macrophysiological ” or large-scale life history and physiological comparisons by the fact that different methods often lead to different outcomes .
[also] , replicated studies using similar methods might substantially improve the signal-to-noise ratio , which can be weakened in “ macrophysiological ” or large-scale life history and physiological comparisons by the fact that different methods often lead to different outcomes .

Moreover , tonic stimulation of the motor nerve must be repeated daily , or nearly so , over several weeks for the changes in myofiber properties to become fully manifest .
[also] , tonic stimulation of the motor nerve must be repeated daily , or nearly so , over several weeks for the changes in myofiber properties to become fully manifest .

Moreover , increasing the abundance of TRPC3 in cultured myotubes prolongs the period in which intracellular calcium is elevated following a depolarizing stimulus , sustains the transcription factor NFAT within the nucleus , and augments expression of NFAT-dependent target genes [ 40 ] .
[also] , increasing the abundance of trpc3 in cultured myotubes prolongs the period in which intracellular calcium is elevated following a depolarizing stimulus , sustains the transcription factor nfat within the nucleus , and augments expression of nfat-dependent target genes [ 40 ] .

Moreover , provided it can be done , it is impossible to predict when the necessary scientific advances will happen .
[also] , provided it can be done , it is impossible to predict when the necessary scientific advances will happen .

Moreover , research focuses disproportionately on the potentially lucrative treatments for diseases of wealthy societies , shortchanging the poorer countries , which bear the greatest burden of disease .
[also] , research focuses disproportionately on the potentially lucrative treatments for diseases of wealthy societies , shortchanging the poorer countries , which bear the greatest burden of disease .

Moreover these simple marketing messages undermine the complexity of the cost-effectiveness arguments that are central to any rational debate about the equitable distribution of health care resources .
[also] these simple marketing messages undermine the complexity of the cost-effectiveness arguments that are central to any rational debate about the equitable distribution of health care resources .

Moreover , the data do not show a consistent pattern of augmentation of viral control with sequential treatment interruptions .
[also] , the data do not show a consistent pattern of augmentation of viral control with sequential treatment interruptions .

Moreover , even during periods of successful control of viremia , progressive loss of CD4+ T cells was frequently observed .
[also] , even during periods of successful control of viremia , progressive loss of cd4+ t cells was frequently observed .

Moreover , the ST fibers from the elite runners were 29 % larger than FT fibers ( p < 0.05 ) , and both ST and FT fibers were larger in the good runners than in the untrained men .
[also] , the st fibers from the elite runners were 29 % larger than ft fibers ( p < 0.05 ) , and both st and ft fibers were larger in the good runners than in the untrained men .

Moreover , the Hypoxia Inducible Factor-1α ( HIF-1α ) has been identified as a master regulator for the expression of genes involved in essential hypoxic responses that maintain ATP levels in cells .
[also] , the hypoxia inducible factor-1α ( hif-1α ) has been identified as a master regulator for the expression of genes involved in essential hypoxic responses that maintain atp levels in cells .

Moreover , functional genomics support the concept that skeletal muscle remodeling to a ST phenotype , either through activated calcineurin or PPARδ , can protect against the development of dietary-induced insulin resistance ( Ryder et al .
[also] , functional genomics support the concept that skeletal muscle remodeling to a st phenotype , either through activated calcineurin or pparδ , can protect against the development of dietary-induced insulin resistance ( ryder et al .

Moreover , the proportion of the population with antibody concentration below any particular threshold that may indicate protection changes little in this period .
[also] , the proportion of the population with antibody concentration below any particular threshold that may indicate protection changes little in this period .

Moreover , only a slight increase in anticapsular antibody concentration is measurable in Finnish , United States , and Israeli toddlers during the same age range .
[also] , only a slight increase in anticapsular antibody concentration is measurable in finnish , united states , and israeli toddlers during the same age range .

Moreover , research carried out using software can not be checked or evaluated properly by other scientists unless they can read the source code that was used .
[also] , research carried out using software can not be checked or evaluated properly by other scientists unless they can read the source code that was used .

Moreover , in vitro stimulation of T cells from healthy donors with heteroclitic peptides results in expansion of cells with a wide range of RE [ 23 ] .
[also] , in vitro stimulation of t cells from healthy donors with heteroclitic peptides results in expansion of cells with a wide range of re [ 23 ] .

Moreover , bone-marrow-derived macrophages home in on adipose tissue in individuals with obesity [ 7,8 ] , and adipocytes and macrophages may even be interconvertible [ 9 ] .
[also] , bone-marrow-derived macrophages home in on adipose tissue in individuals with obesity [ 7,8 ] , and adipocytes and macrophages may even be interconvertible [ 9 ] .

Moreover , treatment of the macrophages with SN50 , a cell-permeable peptide that specifically prevents activation of NF-κB by inhibiting its nuclear translocation [ 34 ] , nearly abolished endotoxin-induced activation of resistin expression ( Figure 4D ) .
[also] , treatment of the macrophages with sn50 , a cell-permeable peptide that specifically prevents activation of nf-κb by inhibiting its nuclear translocation [ 34 ] , nearly abolished endotoxin-induced activation of resistin expression ( figure 4d ) .

Moreover , obesity is associated with activation of innate immunity [ 6 ] , including the inflammatory mediators that induce resistin .
[also] , obesity is associated with activation of innate immunity [ 6 ] , including the inflammatory mediators that induce resistin .

Moreover , by focusing on postadolescence divergence of socioeconomic position , the study avoided concerns affecting comparisons of twins raised separately versus together , e.g. , difficulties in assessing similarities versus differences of the family of origin versus adoptive family [ 4â€ “ 6 ] .
[also] , by focusing on postadolescence divergence of socioeconomic position , the study avoided concerns affecting comparisons of twins raised separately versus together , e.g. , difficulties in assessing similarities versus differences of the family of origin versus adoptive family [ 4â€ “ 6 ] .

Moreover , superinfection by a second viral strain has been documented in a number of individuals who have already mounted immune responses to the initial HIV infection .
[also] , superinfection by a second viral strain has been documented in a number of individuals who have already mounted immune responses to the initial hiv infection .

Moreover , at repeated readings , stuttering frequency tends to decline ( adaptation ) and to occur at the same syllables as before ( consistency ) .
[also] , at repeated readings , stuttering frequency tends to decline ( adaptation ) and to occur at the same syllables as before ( consistency ) .

Moreover , it is unclear whether a certain genotype leads to stuttering or only represents a risk factor and that other environmental factors are necessary to develop PDS .
[also] , it is unclear whether a certain genotype leads to stuttering or only represents a risk factor and that other environmental factors are necessary to develop pds .

Moreover , when bees are extremely abundant , they can drive birds away from red flowers .
[also] , when bees are extremely abundant , they can drive birds away from red flowers .

Moreover , these findings impacted greatly studies of cotranscriptional processing of nascent mRNA .
[also] , these findings impacted greatly studies of cotranscriptional processing of nascent mrna .

Moreover , TAFs serve as coactivators to a diverse set of activators .
[also] , tafs serve as coactivators to a diverse set of activators .

Moreover , in D. melanogaster , following heat shock , PTEFb is recruited upstream of activated promoters [ 28 ] .
[also] , in d. melanogaster , following heat shock , ptefb is recruited upstream of activated promoters [ 28 ] .

Moreover , there is emerging evidence that decrements in intellectual abilities and low birth weight linked with lead or tobacco are , for a given increment of exposure , greater at lower levels than those found at higher levels [ 10,41,42,43 ] .
[also] , there is emerging evidence that decrements in intellectual abilities and low birth weight linked with lead or tobacco are , for a given increment of exposure , greater at lower levels than those found at higher levels [ 10,41,42,43 ] .

Moreover , these guidelines focused on gross abnormalities ; they did not require testing for behavioral or DNT .
[also] , these guidelines focused on gross abnormalities ; they did not require testing for behavioral or dnt .

Moreover , this tiered system discourages industry from conducting testing in immature animals because the findings could necessitate further costly testing and hinder a chemical from reaching the market .
[also] , this tiered system discourages industry from conducting testing in immature animals because the findings could necessitate further costly testing and hinder a chemical from reaching the market .

Moreover , DTNBP1 and RGS4 have been reported to be differentially expressed in postmortem brain samples of individuals with schizophrenia .
[also] , dtnbp1 and rgs4 have been reported to be differentially expressed in postmortem brain samples of individuals with schizophrenia .

Moreover , at least in patients 1 and 2 , the subclones of tumor cells bearing this mutation probably emerged between the time of initial treatment with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and the appearance of drug resistance .
[also] , at least in patients 1 and 2 , the subclones of tumor cells bearing this mutation probably emerged between the time of initial treatment with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and the appearance of drug resistance .

Moreover , re-biopsy of patients with lung cancer is not routinely performed .
[also] , re-biopsy of patients with lung cancer is not routinely performed .

Moreover , many trials are registered in a semi-public database maintained by the United States Food and Drug Administration , and there are compelling arguments ( which Turner articulates in an essay published online ahead of our December issue [ 4 ] ) for making this a truly public resource .
[also] , many trials are registered in a semi-public database maintained by the united states food and drug administration , and there are compelling arguments ( which turner articulates in an essay published online ahead of our december issue [ 4 ] ) for making this a truly public resource .

Moreover , when taking into account the amount of research money available to researchers , Latin America actually out-published the United States and Canada by the year 2000 ( Figure 2 ) .
[also] , when taking into account the amount of research money available to researchers , latin america actually out-published the united states and canada by the year 2000 ( figure 2 ) .

Moreover , many journals have page charges , but no Russian grants cover these , and the cost of publication may be prohibitively high for many groups .
[also] , many journals have page charges , but no russian grants cover these , and the cost of publication may be prohibitively high for many groups .

Moreover , the problems of Russian science mirror the problems of Russian society in general , and it would be naive to expect that they will be solved overnight , even given the political will .
[also] , the problems of russian science mirror the problems of russian society in general , and it would be naive to expect that they will be solved overnight , even given the political will .

Moreover , there is substantial variation in transmission rates due to differences in factors such as virus load or the presence of other infections of the genital tract [ 15–18 ] , and theoretical studies suggest that preventing the transmission events that occur with higher probability would have a disproportionately large effect on controlling the epidemic [ 39 ] .
[also] , there is substantial variation in transmission rates due to differences in factors such as virus load or the presence of other infections of the genital tract [ 15–18 ] , and theoretical studies suggest that preventing the transmission events that occur with higher probability would have a disproportionately large effect on controlling the epidemic [ 39 ] .

Moreover by explicitly presenting all the members and the nonmembers of a category to naïve subjects , he showed that we can spontaneously reduce a category to its minimal form and remember it without any explicit instruction .
[also] by explicitly presenting all the members and the nonmembers of a category to naïve subjects , he showed that we can spontaneously reduce a category to its minimal form and remember it without any explicit instruction .

Moreover , one important source of variation in how infectious diseases respond to climate is the fraction of susceptible individuals in the population .
[also] , one important source of variation in how infectious diseases respond to climate is the fraction of susceptible individuals in the population .

Moreover , significant increases in state financial support for public higher education are extremely unlikely during the remainder of this decade .
[also] , significant increases in state financial support for public higher education are extremely unlikely during the remainder of this decade .

Moreover , the total amount contributed by the class may be put to use by the law school where it is most needed , such as the library fund , the clinic programs , or monies for professional research assistants .
[also] , the total amount contributed by the class may be put to use by the law school where it is most needed , such as the library fund , the clinic programs , or monies for professional research assistants .

Moreover , it is a world-class university .
[also] , it is a world-class university .

Our students , moreover , consistently have the highest success rate of any law school , graduates on passing the Indiana Bar exam .
our students , [also] , consistently have the highest success rate of any law school , graduates on passing the indiana bar exam .

Moreover , the chief of the yakkhas , Vessavana ( Vesamuni ) , is one of the four regents of the universe ( maharaja ) and as such a devoted follower of the Buddha .
[also] , the chief of the yakkhas , vessavana ( vesamuni ) , is one of the four regents of the universe ( maharaja ) and as such a devoted follower of the buddha .

Moreover , the phrases embodied in these songs are to encourage the initiates to become worthy and honourable members of the adult community into which they are to be graduated .
[also] , the phrases embodied in these songs are to encourage the initiates to become worthy and honourable members of the adult community into which they are to be graduated .

Moreover , his early support for his sworn blood-brother Venison 's visionary schemes had diminished sharply in the last several months as the white-turbaned flocks of converts increased and Ven took on the vocal tones of incipient madness .
[also] , his early support for his sworn blood-brother venison 's visionary schemes had diminished sharply in the last several months as the white-turbaned flocks of converts increased and ven took on the vocal tones of incipient madness .

Since personality is also to some extent genetically based and , moreover , can be passed environmentally from one generation to the next -- particularly when father and son share not only the same home but also a few institutional influences ( e.g. , Andover and Yale ) -- it is conceivable that the shared smirk signifies a shared ... arrogance .
since personality is also to some extent genetically based and , [also] , can be passed environmentally from one generation to the next -- particularly when father and son share not only the same home but also a few institutional influences ( e.g. , andover and yale ) -- it is conceivable that the shared smirk signifies a shared ... arrogance .

Moreover , Gore has supported tax increases on tobacco as recently as this year .
[also] , gore has supported tax increases on tobacco as recently as this year .

In his WP column , Michael Kelly doles out some important context to the recent news that an international aid effort has produced $ 3 billion in pledges of aid for the Palestinian Authority : the London Sunday Times recently reported that the PA once diverted $ 20 million earmarked for low-cost housing to luxury flats for Yasser Arafat 's elite instead , and moreover , that the PA 's own auditors found last year that nearly 40 percent of the annual budget of $ 323 million was wasted , looted or misused .
in his wp column , michael kelly doles out some important context to the recent news that an international aid effort has produced $ 3 billion in pledges of aid for the palestinian authority : the london sunday times recently reported that the pa once diverted $ 20 million earmarked for low-cost housing to luxury flats for yasser arafat 's elite instead , and [also] , that the pa 's own auditors found last year that nearly 40 percent of the annual budget of $ 323 million was wasted , looted or misused .

Moreover , his lead in the New Hampshire polls seems to be holding .
[also] , his lead in the new hampshire polls seems to be holding .

Moreover , when you consider that Qualcomm was already up 1,800 percent for the year , the appropriate question to ask is probably : `` Why are you just starting to cover this stock now ? ''
[also] , when you consider that qualcomm was already up 1,800 percent for the year , the appropriate question to ask is probably : `` why are you just starting to cover this stock now ? ''

Moreover , the cow-egg experiment , like the previous cloning of a sheep , proved that the cycle is reversible : `` Committed '' adult cells can be restored to embryonic totipotency .
[also] , the cow-egg experiment , like the previous cloning of a sheep , proved that the cycle is reversible : `` committed '' adult cells can be restored to embryonic totipotency .

Moreover , the Republicans hold out hope that they can parlay these principles into good politics by persuading the public that Clinton 's actions merit impeachment .
[also] , the republicans hold out hope that they can parlay these principles into good politics by persuading the public that clinton 's actions merit impeachment .

Moreover , by failing to persuade more than a handful of Democrats to vote for impeachment , the GOP failed to trigger the kind of bipartisan collapse necessary to bring down a president .
[also] , by failing to persuade more than a handful of democrats to vote for impeachment , the gop failed to trigger the kind of bipartisan collapse necessary to bring down a president .

The Court , moreover , can not engage in the sort of sustained historical analysis that takes professional historians some years to accomplish . ''
the court , [also] , can not engage in the sort of sustained historical analysis that takes professional historians some years to accomplish . ''

Moreover , `` there 'd be no need for men , '' notes biologist Ursula Goodenough .
[also] , `` there 'd be no need for men , '' notes biologist ursula goodenough .

Moreover , several legal experts called the judge 's leniency toward Petrocelli ( e.g. , allowing him to mention Simpson 's failure on a lie-detector test ) good grounds for an appeal if Simpson loses .
[also] , several legal experts called the judge 's leniency toward petrocelli ( e.g. , allowing him to mention simpson 's failure on a lie-detector test ) good grounds for an appeal if simpson loses .

I find it sad , moreover , to read the same tired tripe over and over from the pen of a writer who once appeared on her way to being a great poet and gave it all up to write a single column , over and over , for the past 15 years .
i find it sad , [also] , to read the same tired tripe over and over from the pen of a writer who once appeared on her way to being a great poet and gave it all up to write a single column , over and over , for the past 15 years .

Moreover , marijuana smoke contains countless known carcinogens , and the lung smoking of marijuana to achieve a high adds to the problem -- the smoking equivalent of mainlining cancer into your body .
[also] , marijuana smoke contains countless known carcinogens , and the lung smoking of marijuana to achieve a high adds to the problem -- the smoking equivalent of mainlining cancer into your body .

For those married by a religious authority , such as Bill Clinton , it is moreover a betrayal of one 's community of faith and one 's God .
for those married by a religious authority , such as bill clinton , it is [also] a betrayal of one 's community of faith and one 's god .

Moreover , tax breaks are worth most to those whose high-bracket positions mean they need them least .
[also] , tax breaks are worth most to those whose high-bracket positions mean they need them least .

Moreover , multiracials have less reason to cohere than Hispanics ever had ; they include every conceivable combination of races , and they are not bound together by language .
[also] , multiracials have less reason to cohere than hispanics ever had ; they include every conceivable combination of races , and they are not bound together by language .

Moreover , in pursuing racial fairness , there are better alternatives available .
[also] , in pursuing racial fairness , there are better alternatives available .

Moreover , Huang 's activities , however unlawful , have now given rise to a presumption that `` Asian-American political participation '' is merely a cover for some sinister foreign agenda .
[also] , huang 's activities , however unlawful , have now given rise to a presumption that `` asian-american political participation '' is merely a cover for some sinister foreign agenda .

Moreover , Perkins told the New York Observer that he would record the expense as an in-kind contribution to the Bush campaign .
[also] , perkins told the new york observer that he would record the expense as an in-kind contribution to the bush campaign .

Moreover , the magazine 1 ) dishonestly implies that Caltech , rather than the ranking formulas , have changed with the headline `` Caltech Comes Out on Top '' ; 2 ) employs linguistic trickery to downplay how much the methodological flip-flop helped Caltech ; and 3 ) fails to mention that Caltech probably declined in quality this year if the U.S. News standards are taken seriously .
[also] , the magazine 1 ) dishonestly implies that caltech , rather than the ranking formulas , have changed with the headline `` caltech comes out on top '' ; 2 ) employs linguistic trickery to downplay how much the methodological flip-flop helped caltech ; and 3 ) fails to mention that caltech probably declined in quality this year if the u.s. news standards are taken seriously .

Moreover , both Catholic and Protestant writers argued against compelling people to answer specific incriminating questions under oath -- because , Ames explains , it is `` against nature '' to expect `` that any man should betray or defame himself . ''
[also] , both catholic and protestant writers argued against compelling people to answer specific incriminating questions under oath -- because , ames explains , it is `` against nature '' to expect `` that any man should betray or defame himself . ''

Moreover , it was n't until June that the federal government said it would match online credit card contributions with public funds , just as it matches money raised the old-fashioned way .
[also] , it was n't until june that the federal government said it would match online credit card contributions with public funds , just as it matches money raised the old-fashioned way .

Moreover , unlike Bradley , McCain has made numerous enemies in his own party by promoting legislation that would restrict campaign contributions and require tobacco companies to pay for health care and anti-smoking education .
[also] , unlike bradley , mccain has made numerous enemies in his own party by promoting legislation that would restrict campaign contributions and require tobacco companies to pay for health care and anti-smoking education .

Moreover , Gore 's patron , Bill Clinton , overshadows the campaign as a constant reminder of the contrast between serving and not serving .
[also] , gore 's patron , bill clinton , overshadows the campaign as a constant reminder of the contrast between serving and not serving .

Moreover , new information is new ; it does not have to knock over a theoretical predisposition to be `` news '' and thus publishable .
[also] , new information is new ; it does not have to knock over a theoretical predisposition to be `` news '' and thus publishable .

Moreover , you misrepresent the article you criticize .
[also] , you misrepresent the article you criticize .

Moreover , since you 're a guy , I should n't have to tell you that virgins are sexy .
[also] , since you 're a guy , i should n't have to tell you that virgins are sexy .

Moreover , because the Net is a distinct medium , candidates could experiment online with targeted ads that might not suit other media .
[also] , because the net is a distinct medium , candidates could experiment online with targeted ads that might not suit other media .

Moreover , employees themselves in their late 20s -- those who were in the graduate 's very position a few years ago -- do most of the interviewing and hiring , especially in these larger companies .
[also] , employees themselves in their late 20s -- those who were in the graduate 's very position a few years ago -- do most of the interviewing and hiring , especially in these larger companies .

Moreover the principals , while their dancing was brilliant , had n't really tried to be soul-sickened , heartbroken , or seductive .
[also] the principals , while their dancing was brilliant , had n't really tried to be soul-sickened , heartbroken , or seductive .

Moreover , technological change did not lead to a centralization of production in a few giant institutions .
[also] , technological change did not lead to a centralization of production in a few giant institutions .

Moreover , television is turning out to be an ineffective medium for influencing human emotions .
[also] , television is turning out to be an ineffective medium for influencing human emotions .

Moreover the TP is wrong about what Clinton said in his Jones deposition about when his meeting with Willey took place .
[also] the tp is wrong about what clinton said in his jones deposition about when his meeting with willey took place .

The clues , moreover , were not too obscure for the occasional one to be recognized by the viewer .
the clues , [also] , were not too obscure for the occasional one to be recognized by the viewer .

Moreover , since this is a new and mysterious gadget , it is prudent to get a three-year repair service contract costing $ 120 , and the thing needs to be delivered , which is another $ 30 .
[also] , since this is a new and mysterious gadget , it is prudent to get a three-year repair service contract costing $ 120 , and the thing needs to be delivered , which is another $ 30 .

Moreover , the little word `` until '' contains a number of ambiguities .
[also] , the little word `` until '' contains a number of ambiguities .

Moreover , Reagan articulated a moral vision of what it means to be an American that I , for one , sorely miss in the 1990s .
[also] , reagan articulated a moral vision of what it means to be an american that i , for one , sorely miss in the 1990s .

Moreover , even if the '80s dramatized Soviet economic incompetence because the U.S. economy was growing so rapidly , this is no reason for the Soviet empire to implode in the way that it did .
[also] , even if the '80s dramatized soviet economic incompetence because the u.s. economy was growing so rapidly , this is no reason for the soviet empire to implode in the way that it did .

Moreover , New York City ( media center , etc . )
[also] , new york city ( media center , etc . )

Moreover , by the end of the second Dinkins-Giuliani mayoral race , both candidates were running against `` squeegee men . ''
[also] , by the end of the second dinkins-giuliani mayoral race , both candidates were running against `` squeegee men . ''

Moreover , as you know , crime has been declining in every major city in the country .
[also] , as you know , crime has been declining in every major city in the country .

Moreover , I became persuaded that society 's reluctance to come down on such persons for minor incivilities and offenses , in one sense , trapped these people -- especially young persons -- into believing that there were no consequences for anything .
[also] , i became persuaded that society 's reluctance to come down on such persons for minor incivilities and offenses , in one sense , trapped these people -- especially young persons -- into believing that there were no consequences for anything .

Moreover , should the state be funding activities that the general public finds offensive or services that compete with public services ?
[also] , should the state be funding activities that the general public finds offensive or services that compete with public services ?

Moreover , such school programs offer the working class and the poor the same opportunities that the wealthy have to send their children to alternative schools .
[also] , such school programs offer the working class and the poor the same opportunities that the wealthy have to send their children to alternative schools .

William F. Buckley is not only a journalist , but a journalist who has written extensively about his own personal experiences ; moreover , the first book Buckley ever published , God and Man at Yale , was , in part , an argument that Yale should uphold its antique tradition of inculcating Christian values and beliefs .
william f. buckley is not only a journalist , but a journalist who has written extensively about his own personal experiences ; [also] , the first book buckley ever published , god and man at yale , was , in part , an argument that yale should uphold its antique tradition of inculcating christian values and beliefs .

Moreover , the daily papers are constantly shrinking the space available for comic strips , which means that it 's impossible to stretch out artistically .
[also] , the daily papers are constantly shrinking the space available for comic strips , which means that it 's impossible to stretch out artistically .

Moreover , Alfonse D'Amato ( Fox ) and Juan Williams ( Fox ) think Clinton will inevitably win the public relations war , given the public 's overwhelming support for the treaty .
[also] , alfonse d'amato ( fox ) and juan williams ( fox ) think clinton will inevitably win the public relations war , given the public 's overwhelming support for the treaty .

Moreover , sliced grits show a disconcerting tendency toward self-healing .
[also] , sliced grits show a disconcerting tendency toward self-healing .

Moreover , the 1996 Farm Bill completely eliminates the dairy price support by the end of 1999 .
[also] , the 1996 farm bill completely eliminates the dairy price support by the end of 1999 .

Moreover , your definition of rich is concerning .
[also] , your definition of rich is concerning .

Moreover , we do not attack people , only ideas .
[also] , we do not attack people , only ideas .

Moreover , I doubt that the people at HHS seriously believe that child abuse doubled in seven years .
[also] , i doubt that the people at hhs seriously believe that child abuse doubled in seven years .

Moreover , it costs much less than $ 25 per use ( closer to between $ 5 and $ 10 ) .
[also] , it costs much less than $ 25 per use ( closer to between $ 5 and $ 10 ) .

Moreover , the annual export figures for the PRC are considered by the U.S. government to be understated by at least $ 6 billion -- the amount of Chinese textiles and apparel fraudulently shipped to the United States through third countries .
[also] , the annual export figures for the prc are considered by the u.s. government to be understated by at least $ 6 billion -- the amount of chinese textiles and apparel fraudulently shipped to the united states through third countries .

Moreover , he observes , most emerging economies are running global trade deficits -- i.e. , consuming even more than they produce -- precisely because they import considerable foreign capital .
[also] , he observes , most emerging economies are running global trade deficits -- i.e. , consuming even more than they produce -- precisely because they import considerable foreign capital .

Moreover , as service providers , charities are often on the front lines combating the worst problems besetting our communities .
[also] , as service providers , charities are often on the front lines combating the worst problems besetting our communities .

Moreover , editors are likely to blunt the criticism in a backhanded way .
[also] , editors are likely to blunt the criticism in a backhanded way .

A trial of Pinochet would , moreover , `` show that western democracies do not now believe that torture and murder can ever be excused for political or economic reasons , '' it added .
a trial of pinochet would , [also] , `` show that western democracies do not now believe that torture and murder can ever be excused for political or economic reasons , '' it added .

Kids are particularly sedentary : `` Nearly half of young people 12-21 years of age are not vigorously active ; moreover , physical activity sharply declines during adolescence . ''
kids are particularly sedentary : `` nearly half of young people 12-21 years of age are not vigorously active ; [also] , physical activity sharply declines during adolescence . ''

Moreover , the new law , for all its seeming toughness , allows states plenty of leeway if they want to be generous .
[also] , the new law , for all its seeming toughness , allows states plenty of leeway if they want to be generous .

Moreover , credible studies have shown that many families have hidden income .
[also] , credible studies have shown that many families have hidden income .

Hard-line conservatives argue , moreover , that the real measure of lost resolve is to be found in the fact that military spending will fall to less than 3 percent of gross domestic product by 2002 .
hard-line conservatives argue , [also] , that the real measure of lost resolve is to be found in the fact that military spending will fall to less than 3 percent of gross domestic product by 2002 .

These , moreover , were the days when federal planners set utopian standards for acceptable care .
these , [also] , were the days when federal planners set utopian standards for acceptable care .

Strongly , moreover , do I cling to this heretical belief , that when one of my colleagues suggested I write a column attacking the district 's tax remission on well-accepted economic grounds , I objected ( devotion to a free and fair airing of contrary opinions be damned ) .
strongly , [also] , do i cling to this heretical belief , that when one of my colleagues suggested i write a column attacking the district 's tax remission on well-accepted economic grounds , i objected ( devotion to a free and fair airing of contrary opinions be damned ) .

Moreover , the district , unlike other cities and because of its unique constitutional origins , can not annex its fleeing middle class .
[also] , the district , unlike other cities and because of its unique constitutional origins , can not annex its fleeing middle class .

Moreover , Congressional Democrats have a 7-percent-higher approval rating than Congressional Republicans ; if this holds , the NYT says it would ensure a Democratic House in 2001 .
[also] , congressional democrats have a 7-percent-higher approval rating than congressional republicans ; if this holds , the nyt says it would ensure a democratic house in 2001 .

Moreover , I 've asked Steerforth not to reissue Whither ( 1925 ) , which was the first novel that she published .
[also] , i 've asked steerforth not to reissue whither ( 1925 ) , which was the first novel that she published .

Moreover , the ideal of the public intellectual is no newfangled fad .
[also] , the ideal of the public intellectual is no newfangled fad .

Moreover , I now have a vested interest in this matter -- I 've spent about seven years with this lady now -- so I want to be objective in my prognostications .
[also] , i now have a vested interest in this matter -- i 've spent about seven years with this lady now -- so i want to be objective in my prognostications .

Moreover , `` there are 304 locally elected school boards who have the option to tell the state board to go jump in the lake , '' said an aide to moderate Republican Gov .
[also] , `` there are 304 locally elected school boards who have the option to tell the state board to go jump in the lake , '' said an aide to moderate republican gov .

Moreover , both these papers somewhat out-report the LAT .
[also] , both these papers somewhat out-report the lat .

Moreover , if this were a coherent policy , then newspapers should ban the use of `` not '' altogether , since dropping it always carries this same risk .
[also] , if this were a coherent policy , then newspapers should ban the use of `` not '' altogether , since dropping it always carries this same risk .

Moreover , despite the popular view that neighborhoods are cozy and warm , they also have enormous capacity for pettiness and hostility .
[also] , despite the popular view that neighborhoods are cozy and warm , they also have enormous capacity for pettiness and hostility .

Moreover , Mehta writes as Shawn 's adoring acolyte , whereas Ross writes as his longtime adulterous lover .
[also] , mehta writes as shawn 's adoring acolyte , whereas ross writes as his longtime adulterous lover .

Moreover , by contrasting his central metaphor of `` one nation '' against the alternative vision of culture war , Wolfe makes his own position seem moderate and attractive .
[also] , by contrasting his central metaphor of `` one nation '' against the alternative vision of culture war , wolfe makes his own position seem moderate and attractive .

Moreover , if obnoxious behavior like aggression , rape , and philandering are biological , that would make them `` natural '' and hence good -- or at least in the genes , where they can not be changed by social reform .
[also] , if obnoxious behavior like aggression , rape , and philandering are biological , that would make them `` natural '' and hence good -- or at least in the genes , where they can not be changed by social reform .

Moreover , Gorney ends her book in 1989 , with the Supreme Court ruling in Webster .
[also] , gorney ends her book in 1989 , with the supreme court ruling in webster .

Moreover , `` he was a great champion of tolerance and liberality . ''
[also] , `` he was a great champion of tolerance and liberality . ''

Moreover , the fact that Kinsey had a sexual life , however nonstandard it was , would not render him incapable of objectivity in writing about sex .
[also] , the fact that kinsey had a sexual life , however nonstandard it was , would not render him incapable of objectivity in writing about sex .

There were , moreover , no attempts to carve Lincoln in the nude with drapery , as there had been with Washington , no efforts to heroicize him out of his trousers , just as there were none to popularize him with comfy sportswear .
there were , [also] , no attempts to carve lincoln in the nude with drapery , as there had been with washington , no efforts to heroicize him out of his trousers , just as there were none to popularize him with comfy sportswear .

Moreover , Washington is never used in the urban literature as representative of anything other than itself -- its history , governance , and economy are understood to be unique .
[also] , washington is never used in the urban literature as representative of anything other than itself -- its history , governance , and economy are understood to be unique .

Moreover , chimps are the civilized ones , while humans -- slow , clumsy , embarrassingly hairless -- are a primitive joke .
[also] , chimps are the civilized ones , while humans -- slow , clumsy , embarrassingly hairless -- are a primitive joke .

Moreover , the prized trees take 60 years to reach maturity and have proved resistant to plantation cultivation .
[also] , the prized trees take 60 years to reach maturity and have proved resistant to plantation cultivation .

Moreover , proponents of a closer U.S.-China relationship have been forced to compromise .
[also] , proponents of a closer u.s.-china relationship have been forced to compromise .

Moreover , moves to introduce radical social-reform legislation may founder in Parliament , where there is a conservative majority .
[also] , moves to introduce radical social-reform legislation may founder in parliament , where there is a conservative majority .

Moreover , the film 's foreshadowing of Chinese atrocities ( as reflected by a dream in which the Dalai Lama sees his native village being pillaged and monks shot ) reflects the historical facts all too well .
[also] , the film 's foreshadowing of chinese atrocities ( as reflected by a dream in which the dalai lama sees his native village being pillaged and monks shot ) reflects the historical facts all too well .

Moreover , he had found another problem : The speedometer was defective .
[also] , he had found another problem : the speedometer was defective .

Moreover , for reasons explained below , it is in the public interest to have Bill Gates always running a bit scared of the Justice Department .
[also] , for reasons explained below , it is in the public interest to have bill gates always running a bit scared of the justice department .

Moreover , Arthur seemed unaware of the conceptual difficulties that had led economists not to ignore but to .
[also] , arthur seemed unaware of the conceptual difficulties that had led economists not to ignore but to .

Moreover , the financial disaster soon took its toll on the real economy , too : As industrial production skidded and unemployment soared , there was a surge in crime and worker unrest .
[also] , the financial disaster soon took its toll on the real economy , too : as industrial production skidded and unemployment soared , there was a surge in crime and worker unrest .

Moreover , the Times has the clearest statement of the dimension of the problem being addressed : 600,000 Americans injured this way on the job each year .
[also] , the times has the clearest statement of the dimension of the problem being addressed : 600,000 americans injured this way on the job each year .

Moreover , blacks can not be left out of Women 's History Month or Veteran 's Day or , for the truly daring , Gay Appreciation Month .
[also] , blacks can not be left out of women 's history month or veteran 's day or , for the truly daring , gay appreciation month .

The various white intellectual establishments , moreover , tend to buy the kind of black that best suits them ideologically , which means they buy the kind of representative black person they themselves think they would be if they were black .
the various white intellectual establishments , [also] , tend to buy the kind of black that best suits them ideologically , which means they buy the kind of representative black person they themselves think they would be if they were black .

Moreover , even more so than whites , black intellectuals tend to give in to the worst sorts of anti-intellectual impulses because of social do-goodism and political protest .
[also] , even more so than whites , black intellectuals tend to give in to the worst sorts of anti-intellectual impulses because of social do-goodism and political protest .

Moreover , as far as we know , life emerged here on earth only once .
[also] , as far as we know , life emerged here on earth only once .

In the book that he did write on the case , which was entitled Uncovering Clinton , Isikoff claimed that Tripp `` invented '' this conversation with him , If she did , it is curious that Tripp knew the precise title of Isikoff 's planned book ; moreover , Tripp was obviously not lying about her own interest in writing a book .
in the book that he did write on the case , which was entitled uncovering clinton , isikoff claimed that tripp `` invented '' this conversation with him , if she did , it is curious that tripp knew the precise title of isikoff 's planned book ; [also] , tripp was obviously not lying about her own interest in writing a book .

Moreover , the only institution that owes MacDonald `` the right to publish '' is the government , under the Amendment .
[also] , the only institution that owes macdonald `` the right to publish '' is the government , under the amendment .

Moreover , the very fact that Mount Baker is a place where people pray for heavy snowfalls makes it likelier that the locals will collect potentially record-setting data more energetically than people in other places .
[also] , the very fact that mount baker is a place where people pray for heavy snowfalls makes it likelier that the locals will collect potentially record-setting data more energetically than people in other places .

Moreover , behind the glossy covers and stilted prose , many of these little journals function as the gossip rags , the People magazines , for the science niches .
[also] , behind the glossy covers and stilted prose , many of these little journals function as the gossip rags , the people magazines , for the science niches .

Moreover , parts of it are either unconstitutional or unworkable , since the bans on advertising would have to be agreed to by the industry , which at this point does n't really have an incentive to agree to anything .
[also] , parts of it are either unconstitutional or unworkable , since the bans on advertising would have to be agreed to by the industry , which at this point does n't really have an incentive to agree to anything .

Moreover , typical viewers are n't apt to stumble upon these sites .
[also] , typical viewers are n't apt to stumble upon these sites .

Moreover , the obits also recorded lots of violent and accidental deaths .
[also] , the obits also recorded lots of violent and accidental deaths .

Moreover , Chinese leaders are `` quick to find fault in others '' and try `` always to appear bold and fearless . ''
[also] , chinese leaders are `` quick to find fault in others '' and try `` always to appear bold and fearless . ''

Moreover , men find it easier to have sex without emotional attachment , so they do sometimes want to `` wander right off '' after sex .
[also] , men find it easier to have sex without emotional attachment , so they do sometimes want to `` wander right off '' after sex .

Moreover , even where the laws are enforced , minimum liability limits are typically very low , and probably too low to make much difference . )
[also] , even where the laws are enforced , minimum liability limits are typically very low , and probably too low to make much difference . )

Moreover -- and here is the key difference between parents and heroin addicts -- parents know in advance , with near certainty , that they wo n't want to break their addiction .
[also] -- and here is the key difference between parents and heroin addicts -- parents know in advance , with near certainty , that they wo n't want to break their addiction .

Quite apart from the melodrama of Fitzsimmons ' recantation and confession , moreover , there is nothing new about what he `` revealed '' last week .
quite apart from the melodrama of fitzsimmons ' recantation and confession , [also] , there is nothing new about what he `` revealed '' last week .

Moreover , tough , mean men enjoy high social status , which attracts women and helps the men get genes into the next generation .
[also] , tough , mean men enjoy high social status , which attracts women and helps the men get genes into the next generation .

The salads were especially deplorable ; for they tended to be complicated and decorative , and might even conceal bits of marshmallow in their dreadful depth ... What [ Nesbitt ] perpetrated was only part of the story , moreover .
the salads were especially deplorable ; for they tended to be complicated and decorative , and might even conceal bits of marshmallow in their dreadful depth ... what [ nesbitt ] perpetrated was only part of the story , [also] .

Moreover , Maryland has never before enforced the law .
[also] , maryland has never before enforced the law .

Moreover , convenience gambling does n't deliver the secondary economic benefits that big gambling can .
[also] , convenience gambling does n't deliver the secondary economic benefits that big gambling can .

Moreover , it ensures that students from all backgrounds have an equal bite of the apple .
[also] , it ensures that students from all backgrounds have an equal bite of the apple .

Moreover , the same reasoning says that it makes not a shred of difference whether I bid early or late .
[also] , the same reasoning says that it makes not a shred of difference whether i bid early or late .

Moreover , the longer he postpones his candidacy , the longer he deprives his rivals of a target , thereby starving them to death .
[also] , the longer he postpones his candidacy , the longer he deprives his rivals of a target , thereby starving them to death .

Moreover , the generals ' public behavior casts doubt on the claim that they foresaw what Milosevic would do if we bombed .
[also] , the generals ' public behavior casts doubt on the claim that they foresaw what milosevic would do if we bombed .

Moreover , even as a measure of relative wage growth , the 13 percent figure fails .
[also] , even as a measure of relative wage growth , the 13 percent figure fails .

Moreover , no evidence to support any of these false charges was presented 14 years ago when my husband entered into a plea agreement with the American government .
[also] , no evidence to support any of these false charges was presented 14 years ago when my husband entered into a plea agreement with the american government .

Moreover , given the political damage the GOP has suffered by unilaterally impeaching Clinton , Republican leaders fear that the merits of their arguments will once again be drowned by charges of partisanship .
[also] , given the political damage the gop has suffered by unilaterally impeaching clinton , republican leaders fear that the merits of their arguments will once again be drowned by charges of partisanship .

Moreover , given NATO 's desperate need to `` bring Milosevic to the table , '' DeLay cautioned , `` It is not helpful for the president 's spin machine to be out there right now saying that Milosevic is weakening . ''
[also] , given nato 's desperate need to `` bring milosevic to the table , '' delay cautioned , `` it is not helpful for the president 's spin machine to be out there right now saying that milosevic is weakening . ''

Moreover , after Gerth 's article the White House released a series of documents detailing the decision .
[also] , after gerth 's article the white house released a series of documents detailing the decision .

Moreover , to whatever extent you are superior , it is probably the result of genes and attitudes inherited from your parents and not something you created for yourself .
[also] , to whatever extent you are superior , it is probably the result of genes and attitudes inherited from your parents and not something you created for yourself .

U.S. manufacturers , moreover , inevitably acquire a vested interest in improving the accuracy and reliability of Chinese rockets , since failures , such as the 1996 crash that destroyed Loral and Hughes satellites , are very costly .
u.s. manufacturers , [also] , inevitably acquire a vested interest in improving the accuracy and reliability of chinese rockets , since failures , such as the 1996 crash that destroyed loral and hughes satellites , are very costly .

Moreover , Tribal Allocation Priority funds , as federal payments to tribal governments are known , are divvied up based on tribe size and population density rather than income , meaning that tribes with big gambling incomes often get federal subsidies as big as those with none .
[also] , tribal allocation priority funds , as federal payments to tribal governments are known , are divvied up based on tribe size and population density rather than income , meaning that tribes with big gambling incomes often get federal subsidies as big as those with none .

Because married people are considered to be an economic unit , moreover , the federal estate tax exempts all assets inherited by a spouse .
because married people are considered to be an economic unit , [also] , the federal estate tax exempts all assets inherited by a spouse .

Moreover , they have not found any increase in illness among Gulf veterans as a whole or among those exposed to the proposed agents .
[also] , they have not found any increase in illness among gulf veterans as a whole or among those exposed to the proposed agents .

OK , so the universe had a beginning , and hence a Cause , which is , moreover , transcendent .
ok , so the universe had a beginning , and hence a cause , which is , [also] , transcendent .

Moreover , some deceptions are , technically , not lies , theologically speaking : `` A person could tell a truth with sufficient clarity to avoid making a false statement and sufficient ambiguity and evasiveness to avoid revealing a truth which he wants to keep hidden . ''
[also] , some deceptions are , technically , not lies , theologically speaking : `` a person could tell a truth with sufficient clarity to avoid making a false statement and sufficient ambiguity and evasiveness to avoid revealing a truth which he wants to keep hidden . ''

In the Weimar period , moreover , the Nationalist Socialists found they could n't get much mileage out of raw appeals to anti-Jewish prejudice , and often toned down their anti-Semitism around election time .
in the weimar period , [also] , the nationalist socialists found they could n't get much mileage out of raw appeals to anti-jewish prejudice , and often toned down their anti-semitism around election time .

Moreover , since Chatterbox has already concluded that Clinton , being morally unfit to remain in office , should resign , he does n't really know how his political world view would change -- beyond , of course , concluding that Clinton was an even bigger creep than he thought -- in the unlikely event Chatterbox could verify Broaddrick 's story .
[also] , since chatterbox has already concluded that clinton , being morally unfit to remain in office , should resign , he does n't really know how his political world view would change -- beyond , of course , concluding that clinton was an even bigger creep than he thought -- in the unlikely event chatterbox could verify broaddrick 's story .

The Times coverage seems particularly well wired inside the investigation -- it reveals that one of the men arrested yesterday , Thomas Wiese , denied involvement and moreover originally seemed to cooperate in implicating other cops .
the times coverage seems particularly well wired inside the investigation -- it reveals that one of the men arrested yesterday , thomas wiese , denied involvement and [also] originally seemed to cooperate in implicating other cops .

Moreover , if a company hoards its savings from size , instead of passing them on to consumers in lower prices , new competitors will enter the business .
[also] , if a company hoards its savings from size , instead of passing them on to consumers in lower prices , new competitors will enter the business .

Moreover , there seems to be a distinct preference for applicants who resemble the security investigators themselves -- exceptionally sober people who have never danced in a London disco , never had a Japanese girlfriend or a Brazilian boyfriend , and never tried smoking pot while in college .
[also] , there seems to be a distinct preference for applicants who resemble the security investigators themselves -- exceptionally sober people who have never danced in a london disco , never had a japanese girlfriend or a brazilian boyfriend , and never tried smoking pot while in college .

The authors find , moreover , that this is a worldwide phenomenon .
the authors find , [also] , that this is a worldwide phenomenon .

Moreover , if workers are allowed a wide range of investment choices , then administrative costs , error rates -- and risk -- will soar .
[also] , if workers are allowed a wide range of investment choices , then administrative costs , error rates -- and risk -- will soar .

Moreover , redirecting trust fund surpluses into the private market ( which is what the Moynihan-Kerrey plan essentially does ) has one large potential advantage -- when the time comes to redeem the securities , the money should really be there .
[also] , redirecting trust fund surpluses into the private market ( which is what the moynihan-kerrey plan essentially does ) has one large potential advantage -- when the time comes to redeem the securities , the money should really be there .

The immoderate language employed , moreover , is often both intolerant of those who would achieve human rights by other means and out of touch with current realities .
the immoderate language employed , [also] , is often both intolerant of those who would achieve human rights by other means and out of touch with current realities .

Moreover , the rabbis were chosen according to an arbitrary criterion , so the scientists were not looking for names they already knew to be present .
[also] , the rabbis were chosen according to an arbitrary criterion , so the scientists were not looking for names they already knew to be present .

Were the legions of reporters to look as closely at Tung 's business as they do his politics , moreover , they might discover that he is closer to a Korean chaebol chieftain than to a Hong Kong entrepreneur .
were the legions of reporters to look as closely at tung 's business as they do his politics , [also] , they might discover that he is closer to a korean chaebol chieftain than to a hong kong entrepreneur .

Moreover , the changes appear to have been systematic rather than random , crafted to create Hollywood-style set pieces in which Reich was the embattled decent man who was savaged by ruthless journalists , politicians , lobbyists , and other Beltway vermin .
[also] , the changes appear to have been systematic rather than random , crafted to create hollywood-style set pieces in which reich was the embattled decent man who was savaged by ruthless journalists , politicians , lobbyists , and other beltway vermin .

Moreover , Hick would not necessarily have been Eleanor 's only dalliance ; much has also been made of her relationship with a New York state trooper and presidential bodyguard , Earl Miller , who was 13 years her junior .
[also] , hick would not necessarily have been eleanor 's only dalliance ; much has also been made of her relationship with a new york state trooper and presidential bodyguard , earl miller , who was 13 years her junior .

Moreover , the cost of multiple births is very high ... . ''
[also] , the cost of multiple births is very high ... . ''

Moreover , companies dangle green cards in front of employees working under the federally legislated $ 65,000 salary cap just to keep them honest .
[also] , companies dangle green cards in front of employees working under the federally legislated $ 65,000 salary cap just to keep them honest .

St. Botolph 's church , Boston , is moreover a noted landmark ( the Boston Stump ) is more-can also readily envisage the Bedfordshire countryside around Leighton Buzzard as at one time being a beautiful wild place .
st. botolph 's church , boston , is [also] a noted landmark ( the boston stump ) is more-can also readily envisage the bedfordshire countryside around leighton buzzard as at one time being a beautiful wild place .

True , Teddington is on the Thames , and moreover it is at the upper tidal limit of the river .
true , teddington is on the thames , and [also] it is at the upper tidal limit of the river .

Moreover , I , for one , should like to know the source that pins down to California the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge : given no gloss , does this refer to low depressed , low degraded , or low abject ?
[also] , i , for one , should like to know the source that pins down to california the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge : given no gloss , does this refer to low depressed , low degraded , or low abject ?

Written sentences that in isolation appear ambiguous will snap into focus when enmeshed in a larger discourse ; moreover , written language has the advantage over spoken language in that it allows rereading ( and reading ahead ) in order to ensure an accurate interpretation of a given sentence .
written sentences that in isolation appear ambiguous will snap into focus when enmeshed in a larger discourse ; [also] , written language has the advantage over spoken language in that it allows rereading ( and reading ahead ) in order to ensure an accurate interpretation of a given sentence .

Moreover , the image will be doing something -- an event will be happening .
[also] , the image will be doing something -- an event will be happening .

As I wheeled to leave , Bruce giggled , “ Not so fast , Mr. Lederer. ” He then explained that he too had discovered the formula for the two-word adverb clause and that , moreover , he had been able to replace all nouns , adjectives , and adverbs with phrases and clauses .
as i wheeled to leave , bruce giggled , “ not so fast , mr. lederer. ” he then explained that he too had discovered the formula for the two-word adverb clause and that , [also] , he had been able to replace all nouns , adjectives , and adverbs with phrases and clauses .

Moreover , who says I do n't seek to impose restrictions on other areas of life ?
[also] , who says i do n't seek to impose restrictions on other areas of life ?

Moreover , Slang and Its Analogues is attributed to John S. Farmer and W. E. “ Hurley , ” the latter 's name being , properly , Henley .
[also] , slang and its analogues is attributed to john s. farmer and w. e. “ hurley , ” the latter 's name being , properly , henley .

Moreover , what are the contexts in which the citations were found ?
[also] , what are the contexts in which the citations were found ?

Moreover , the phrase is a reminder of Vance 's love of sailing .
[also] , the phrase is a reminder of vance 's love of sailing .

Moreover , I can think of dozens of other words in the tasty , tangy class that could be added , but those appear in the very long entry under food .
[also] , i can think of dozens of other words in the tasty , tangy class that could be added , but those appear in the very long entry under food .

Moreover , the words they used changed with experience : when it became clear that earthy was used in very different ways by different people , its use dropped significantly .
[also] , the words they used changed with experience : when it became clear that earthy was used in very different ways by different people , its use dropped significantly .

Moreover , her language reflects this association in subtle ways .
[also] , her language reflects this association in subtle ways .

Moreover , within each entry the names are broken down according to form and structure -- for example , variants , cognates , diminutives , augmentatives , patronymics , and patronymics from diminutives -- with further classification ( according to language ) and comment .
[also] , within each entry the names are broken down according to form and structure -- for example , variants , cognates , diminutives , augmentatives , patronymics , and patronymics from diminutives -- with further classification ( according to language ) and comment .

Naive users -- by far the majority -- are bound to misinterpret the dates as meaning “ when the word first appeared in the language ” rather than as “ the date of the earliest recorded evidence found ( at press time ) . ” Moreover , the date can not be associated with any particular definition , so it is a bit misleading , for an entry like log , which has several definitions , to show it as having entered the language “ 1350-1400. ” In which sense ?
naive users -- by far the majority -- are bound to misinterpret the dates as meaning “ when the word first appeared in the language ” rather than as “ the date of the earliest recorded evidence found ( at press time ) . ” [also] , the date can not be associated with any particular definition , so it is a bit misleading , for an entry like log , which has several definitions , to show it as having entered the language “ 1350-1400. ” in which sense ?

Moreover , there are omissions that are criticizable even from the British user 's point of view ; for instance , abbreviations of some important American scholarly societies and periodicals , likely to be needed by scholars in the UK , are missing : MLA is in for ` Modern Language Association , ' but not LSA for ` Linguistic Society of America ' ; PMLA , for ` Publication ( s ) of the Modern Language Association , ' known throughout the world , is missing as is AS for ` American Speech . '
[also] , there are omissions that are criticizable even from the british user 's point of view ; for instance , abbreviations of some important american scholarly societies and periodicals , likely to be needed by scholars in the uk , are missing : mla is in for ` modern language association , ' but not lsa for ` linguistic society of america ' ; pmla , for ` publication ( s ) of the modern language association , ' known throughout the world , is missing as is as for ` american speech . '

Moreover , I provided the Foreword to Wordplay .
[also] , i provided the foreword to wordplay .

Moreover , most American dictionaries make a deliberate distinction between the sounds in odd/lot and start/father , with the former often displaying some rounding or , at worst , closer to \ ? \ than to \ ? \ .
[also] , most american dictionaries make a deliberate distinction between the sounds in odd/lot and start/father , with the former often displaying some rounding or , at worst , closer to \ ? \ than to \ ? \ .

That is to say , the meaning of a sentence could be signaled -- and thereby validated -- by the use of a sentence adverb such as moreover , indeed , or however .
that is to say , the meaning of a sentence could be signaled -- and thereby validated -- by the use of a sentence adverb such as [also] , indeed , or however .

Moreover , but could appear directly in front of nevertheless .
[also] , but could appear directly in front of nevertheless .

Either we have corroboration by escalation ( moreover , on top of that , above all ) , or we have devaluation by declination ( worse , worse still , worst of all ) .
either we have corroboration by escalation ( [also] , on top of that , above all ) , or we have devaluation by declination ( worse , worse still , worst of all ) .

Moreover , the books are attractively set out , which adds to their readability .
[also] , the books are attractively set out , which adds to their readability .

Moreover , “ loss of face ” is entirely irrelevant : if what is meant is embarrassment , then why not call it that ?
[also] , “ loss of face ” is entirely irrelevant : if what is meant is embarrassment , then why not call it that ?

The expression does not begin with the conjunction y ` and ' ; moreover , the concept of “ not having hair on one 's tongue ” does not exactly mean ` I 'm telling what I think ' but rather ` I 'm telling it like it is ' or ` I 'm not beating about the bush . '
the expression does not begin with the conjunction y ` and ' ; [also] , the concept of “ not having hair on one 's tongue ” does not exactly mean ` i 'm telling what i think ' but rather ` i 'm telling it like it is ' or ` i 'm not beating about the bush . '

Moreover , since the public tends to prejudge movies by their classification , the film distributors aim for those classifications that promise the strongest fare while admitting the largest age range .
[also] , since the public tends to prejudge movies by their classification , the film distributors aim for those classifications that promise the strongest fare while admitting the largest age range .

Dictionnaire de Franglais There has come into my possession the above book from which all sorts of interesting information may be gleaned -- information , moreover , not to be had from any other source .
dictionnaire de franglais there has come into my possession the above book from which all sorts of interesting information may be gleaned -- information , [also] , not to be had from any other source .

There is no doubt that the book is very well presented , well written , and well organized ; moreover , it offers good , sound , accurate information about the lexicon of English .
there is no doubt that the book is very well presented , well written , and well organized ; [also] , it offers good , sound , accurate information about the lexicon of english .

Moreover , to Germans and Russians at least , the bear is both a valuable beast ( for his hide and meat ) and a symbolic one ( standing for strength and power ) .
[also] , to germans and russians at least , the bear is both a valuable beast ( for his hide and meat ) and a symbolic one ( standing for strength and power ) .

Moreover , if it is deemed advisable to have the names in alphabetical order to make it easy to find a given street , it would be a simple matter to put Karachi Street between Istanbul and Lisbon Streets , Bach Boulevard between Jerusalem and Copland Boulevards followed by Debussy .
[also] , if it is deemed advisable to have the names in alphabetical order to make it easy to find a given street , it would be a simple matter to put karachi street between istanbul and lisbon streets , bach boulevard between jerusalem and copland boulevards followed by debussy .

Mark the difference , moreover , Between mover , plover , Dover , Leeches , breeches , wise , precise , Chalice , but police , and lice .
mark the difference , [also] , between mover , plover , dover , leeches , breeches , wise , precise , chalice , but police , and lice .

Moreover , the Restoration period when Pepys kept his diary is a good time to compare with ours , because by then the basis of modern English had been laid down by the Elizabethans .
[also] , the restoration period when pepys kept his diary is a good time to compare with ours , because by then the basis of modern english had been laid down by the elizabethans .

Moreover , if such an approach were adopted , could we expect to see spellings change , periodically , as pronunciations changed ?
[also] , if such an approach were adopted , could we expect to see spellings change , periodically , as pronunciations changed ?

Moreover , “ it contains only terms known to have arisen in the Twentieth Century , ” according to the Preface , but omits the military slang of the earlier 20th century .
[also] , “ it contains only terms known to have arisen in the twentieth century , ” according to the preface , but omits the military slang of the earlier 20th century .

Moreover , as we in the dictionary biz are only too well aware , an earlier citation might be found today or tomorrow , making the information obsolete .
[also] , as we in the dictionary biz are only too well aware , an earlier citation might be found today or tomorrow , making the information obsolete .

Moreover , a project to fill it is just what ESPRIT ought to support .
[also] , a project to fill it is just what esprit ought to support .

Moreover , publishers are today generally less reluctant than before to make available to researchers the disks and tapes containing text .
[also] , publishers are today generally less reluctant than before to make available to researchers the disks and tapes containing text .

Moreover , some of the older students addressed by the priest in the movie are past childhood , though in priestly parlance anyone , even a nonagenarian , may be called a child .
[also] , some of the older students addressed by the priest in the movie are past childhood , though in priestly parlance anyone , even a nonagenarian , may be called a child .

Someone on the Isle of Wight complains that you could n't get the children off to bed if it were still light at midnight , ... [ From the op-ed column , “ ... and moreover , ” The Times , 29 October 90:12 . ]
someone on the isle of wight complains that you could n't get the children off to bed if it were still light at midnight , ... [ from the op-ed column , “ ... and [also] , ” the times , 29 october 90:12 . ]

Moreover , at any given time there are many Marine Corps officers enrolled in graduate study programs at the Naval Postgraduate School ( NPS ) , in Monterey , California .
[also] , at any given time there are many marine corps officers enrolled in graduate study programs at the naval postgraduate school ( nps ) , in monterey , california .

