Battalion Chief Stanton M. Gladden , 42 , the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union , suffered multiple fractures of both ankles .
battalion chief stanton m. gladden , 42 , the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union , suffered [many] fractures of both ankles .

In 1961 , it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction .
in 1961 , it is estimated that [many] unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction .

This manifestation may be an early sign of multiple sclerosis or the beginning of sewer's cramp .
this manifestation may be an early sign of [many] sclerosis or the beginning of sewer's cramp .

It has multiple implications and possible headaches for your marketing program .
it has [many] implications and possible headaches for your marketing program .

And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- multiple command .
and everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- [many] command .

Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions .
attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and [many] individual reactions .

Mr. A. , her fellow townsman , also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been bilked of his life savings by the limited practitioner who had been treating his wife -- a woman suffering from an incurable disease , multiple sclerosis -- and himself .
mr. a. , her fellow townsman , also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been bilked of his life savings by the limited practitioner who had been treating his wife -- a woman suffering from an incurable disease , [many] sclerosis -- and himself .

It provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion .
it provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the [many] and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion .

However , in recent decades , for what doubtless are multiple reasons , an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity .
however , in recent decades , for what doubtless are [many] reasons , an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity .

Multiple circuits , routings and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible .
[many] circuits , routings and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible .

At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like Jacoby's , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life .
at the same time the [many] transvestitism involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like jacoby's , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life .

This life has its own currents and rhythms , its own multiple cycles and adaptations .
this life has its own currents and rhythms , its own [many] cycles and adaptations .

They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups .
they involve similar uncertainties regarding the [many] identities of any number of non-jewish groups .

The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services .
the long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the national forest system under principles of [many] use and high-level sustained yield of products and services .

In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible .
in the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of [many] facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible .

It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability .
it has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of [many] weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability .

It should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic chlorides on a vacuum system followed by multiple distillation of the liquid .
it should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic chlorides on a vacuum system followed by [many] distillation of the liquid .

Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups .
although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of [many] muscle groups .

Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective De Jonquieres involution of order Af and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either Af or Af .
hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective de jonquieres involution of order af and the invariant locus must have a [many] line of multiplicity either af or af .

In each case , lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant .
in each case , lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the [many] secant .

In the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex , P , to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant .
in the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the [many] secant and the line joining the vertex , p , to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the [many] secant .

In the second , the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex , P , to the two intersections of **zg and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the multiple secant .
in the second , the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex , p , to the two intersections of **zg and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the [many] secant .

The multiple secants , of course , are exceptional and in each case are transformed into cones of order Af .
the [many] secants , of course , are exceptional and in each case are transformed into cones of order af .

Moreover , if Af , no two of the multiple secants can intersect .
moreover , if af , no two of the [many] secants can intersect .

But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be quadratic , or in other words , **zg must be either a Af or a Af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface .
but if no two lines of the regulus of [many] secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be quadratic , or in other words , **zg must be either a af or a af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface .

For any pencil in a plane containing a Af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in Af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .
for any pencil in a plane containing a af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the [many] secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .

Continuing with the case in which **zg is a Af curve on a quadric Q , we first observe that the second regulus of Q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants .
continuing with the case in which **zg is a af curve on a quadric q , we first observe that the second regulus of q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the [many] secants .

For each of these lines meets Q in three points , namely two points on **zg and one point on one of the multiple secants .
for each of these lines meets q in three points , namely two points on **zg and one point on one of the [many] secants .

If **ya is the multiple secant of **zg which passes through Af and **yb is the simple secant of **zg which passes through Af , and if Af are the points in which **ya meets **zg , and if Af is the image of Af on the generator **yb , it follows that the image of the line Af is Af .
if **ya is the [many] secant of **zg which passes through af and **yb is the simple secant of **zg which passes through af , and if af are the points in which **ya meets **zg , and if af is the image of af on the generator **yb , it follows that the image of the line af is af .

With multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly .
with [many] member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly .

In these circumstances the possibility of multiple or conflicting claims is exceedingly remote .
in these circumstances the possibility of [many] or conflicting claims is exceedingly remote .

A recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore required .
a recognition of [many] cost functions is therefore required .

It might be anticipated that multiple coatings will reduce end reflection losses even further .
it might be anticipated that [many] coatings will reduce end reflection losses even further .

At each angle of its pitch a big skylight had been fitted into the roof and all these skylights were fitted with systems of multiple screens and shades .
at each angle of its pitch a big skylight had been fitted into the roof and all these skylights were fitted with systems of [many] screens and shades .

Once there , the D.A. with devilish cleverness would provide Marshall with headlines : `` Viola's Multiple Romances '' `` Viola Lake an Addict '' `` Downfall of Another Film Idol '' ! !
once there , the d.a. with devilish cleverness would provide marshall with headlines : `` viola's [many] romances '' `` viola lake an addict '' `` downfall of another film idol '' ! !

Welcome back : Multiple Sclerosis sufferers have found a treatment which they say eases their symptoms .
welcome back : [many] sclerosis sufferers have found a treatment which they say eases their symptoms .

But every week , thousands of Multiple Sclerosis sufferers across the country take comfort from spending an hour in a divers ' de-compression chamber .
but every week , thousands of [many] sclerosis sufferers across the country take comfort from spending an hour in a divers ' de-compression chamber .

Multiple Sclerosis is a nervous condition brought about by the destruction of blood vessels in the brain .
[many] sclerosis is a nervous condition brought about by the destruction of blood vessels in the brain .

He said post mortems showed Mrs Garvey had died from head injuries , including multiple fractures to the skull .
he said post mortems showed mrs garvey had died from head injuries , including [many] fractures to the skull .

So far it 's cost six lives , the first one just weeks after it opened in a multiple pileup in thick fog .
so far it 's cost six lives , the first one just weeks after it opened in a [many] pileup in thick fog .

’ When he heard of the multiple deaths , he committed suicide by throwing himself under a lorry .
’ when he heard of the [many] deaths , he committed suicide by throwing himself under a lorry .

Vetinary surgeon Michael Dyas told the court the cocks had multiple injuries .
vetinary surgeon michael dyas told the court the cocks had [many] injuries .

She suffered a fractured jaw , concussion and multiple cuts and bruises .
she suffered a fractured jaw , concussion and [many] cuts and bruises .

Pete Stone was a professional musician with his own band , until , in 1975 , he fell victim to Multiple Sclerosis .
pete stone was a professional musician with his own band , until , in 1975 , he fell victim to [many] sclerosis .

All the profits from the sale of the tape will go to the Multiple Sclerosis Society .
all the profits from the sale of the tape will go to the [many] sclerosis society .

Simon Forrest suffered multiple fractures when his car crashed into a van , recovering in hospital , he echoes the speed warnings .
simon forrest suffered [many] fractures when his car crashed into a van , recovering in hospital , he echoes the speed warnings .

Tonight William McCrae is being treated for multiple injuries in Oxford 's John Radcliffe Hospital .
tonight william mccrae is being treated for [many] injuries in oxford 's john radcliffe hospital .

Banbury vet , Clifford Butler , said the dog suffered multiple injuries unlikely to have been caused by just one kick as Hughes claimed .
banbury vet , clifford butler , said the dog suffered [many] injuries unlikely to have been caused by just one kick as hughes claimed .

The body of twenty four year old Martin Ingram was found in Princes Risborough on Friday with multiple wounds to the face and head .
the body of twenty four year old martin ingram was found in princes risborough on friday with [many] wounds to the face and head .

Pathologist Dr Ann Campbell told the inquest Mr Bain had suffered multiple leg injuries .
pathologist dr ann campbell told the inquest mr bain had suffered [many] leg injuries .

There are urgent calls tonight for lights to be installed on the motorway where one driver died and eight others were injured in a multiple pile-up .
there are urgent calls tonight for lights to be installed on the motorway where one driver died and eight others were injured in a [many] pile-up .

Police have scaled down the search for a multiple rapist saying they 've no new leads to follow .
police have scaled down the search for a [many] rapist saying they 've no new leads to follow .

One person has been hurt and several others injured in a multiple crash involving five vehicles in thick fog .
one person has been hurt and several others injured in a [many] crash involving five vehicles in thick fog .

so there 's a lot of scope , by , in other words , if you take a multiple , if you did , if you know four closes and you only use two , you might get away with it
so there 's a lot of scope , by , in other words , if you take a [many] , if you did , if you know four closes and you only use two , you might get away with it

You multiple that by
you [many] that by

It was a diesel multiple unit .
it was a diesel [many] unit .

But dad ! They 're all multiple units at sometimes .
but dad ! they 're all [many] units at sometimes .

The multiple alignments whose fragments are shown in Figs .
the [many] alignments whose fragments are shown in figs .

Multiple alignment of conserved regions of the largest subunits .
[many] alignment of conserved regions of the largest subunits .

The child died of horrific multiple injuries before being left on a railway line where he was struck by a train , police said yesterday .
the child died of horrific [many] injuries before being left on a railway line where he was struck by a train , police said yesterday .

James Bulger : died of horrific multiple injuries
james bulger : died of horrific [many] injuries

Death was due to lacerations of the heart and multiple injuries .
death was due to lacerations of the heart and [many] injuries .

The two men , who are hoping to make at least £2 million for the Multiple Sclerosis Society out of sponsorship , will also have contributed to important research into nutrition , diet and the effects of such extreme conditions on the human body .
the two men , who are hoping to make at least £2 million for the [many] sclerosis society out of sponsorship , will also have contributed to important research into nutrition , diet and the effects of such extreme conditions on the human body .

His body , with multiple injuries , was found on a railway line two days later .
his body , with [many] injuries , was found on a railway line two days later .

Wife testifies in multiple rape case
wife testifies in [many] rape case

She died in September , three days after being rushed to hospital with multiple injuries which , doctors said at her inquest , could not have been caused accidentally .
she died in september , three days after being rushed to hospital with [many] injuries which , doctors said at her inquest , could not have been caused accidentally .

Another forecast is that companies which have committed themselves to supplying multiple retailers — which is still being publicly advanced as the correct structural direction for the beef industry to take — could find themselves at a permanent disadvantage .
another forecast is that companies which have committed themselves to supplying [many] retailers — which is still being publicly advanced as the correct structural direction for the beef industry to take — could find themselves at a permanent disadvantage .

Baculovirus multiple gene transfer vectors pAcAB3 and pAcAB4 have been developed to facilitate the insertion of three or four foreign genes respectively into the Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus ( AcNPV ) genome by a single co-transfection experiment .
baculovirus [many] gene transfer vectors pacab3 and pacab4 have been developed to facilitate the insertion of three or four foreign genes respectively into the autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus ( acnpv ) genome by a single co-transfection experiment .

Mr Thompson , who bought the building a year ago , has applied for planning permission from Darlington Council to change the use to a house in multiple occupation .
mr thompson , who bought the building a year ago , has applied for planning permission from darlington council to change the use to a house in [many] occupation .

The driver of a Mini , 19-year-old Simon Godding , of Arncliffe Place , Aycliffe , suffered multiple injuries .
the driver of a mini , 19-year-old simon godding , of arncliffe place , aycliffe , suffered [many] injuries .

It can also indicate the presence of other illnesses such as multiple sclerosis .
it can also indicate the presence of other illnesses such as [many] sclerosis .

For Sp1 , this has proved extremely difficult because multiple , and heterogeneous phosphorylation appears to occur in more than one region of the protein ( S.Jackson , unpublished data ) .
for sp1 , this has proved extremely difficult because [many] , and heterogeneous phosphorylation appears to occur in more than one region of the protein ( s.jackson , unpublished data ) .

For Sp1 , it has been found that multiple phosphorylation events generate a large number of electrophoretic variants of the protein ( 4 ) .
for sp1 , it has been found that [many] phosphorylation events generate a large number of electrophoretic variants of the protein ( 4 ) .

Certainly this event postdates the mammalian radiation , since species more distantly related to man than the old world monkeys do not possess multiple copies of KOX2-related sequences .
certainly this event postdates the mammalian radiation , since species more distantly related to man than the old world monkeys do not possess [many] copies of kox2-related sequences .

Delegates stressed they were not demanding blood , but a real deterrent to murder and multiple murder .
delegates stressed they were not demanding blood , but a real deterrent to murder and [many] murder .

Mr Bowen said that Mr Hall and Mr Cunning had both died from multiple heavy blows to the face and head .
mr bowen said that mr hall and mr cunning had both died from [many] heavy blows to the face and head .

Although he had deliberately distanced himself from the government since being ‘ sacked ’ as prime minister nearly two years ago and although he personally remained untainted by the multiple scandals which have beset the Socialist Party , he found himself caught up in the great tidal wave of rejection of the Socialists , which has swept the country .
although he had deliberately distanced himself from the government since being ‘ sacked ’ as prime minister nearly two years ago and although he personally remained untainted by the [many] scandals which have beset the socialist party , he found himself caught up in the great tidal wave of rejection of the socialists , which has swept the country .

As an insurance specialist , Owen Temple , pointed out : ‘ There is no preordained day on which the tractor may overturn or multiple sclerosis strike .
as an insurance specialist , owen temple , pointed out : ‘ there is no preordained day on which the tractor may overturn or [many] sclerosis strike .

This includes multiple applications , applications for non-existent children , thefts of giro cheques and benefit books , and unemployment claims by persons in undeclared whole-time or part-time employment .
this includes [many] applications , applications for non-existent children , thefts of giro cheques and benefit books , and unemployment claims by persons in undeclared whole-time or part-time employment .

In order to avoid disrupting essential genes , and to maximise the chances of successful integration ( 12 ) , the construct containing the ble gene was targeted to the tubulin locus , which consists of a multiple array of alternating alpha- and beta-tubulin gene repeats ( 23 , 28-30 ) .
in order to avoid disrupting essential genes , and to maximise the chances of successful integration ( 12 ) , the construct containing the ble gene was targeted to the tubulin locus , which consists of a [many] array of alternating alpha- and beta-tubulin gene repeats ( 23 , 28-30 ) .

The subject of injury brought a pained expression to the face of Rangers ' manager yesterday , but not out of any sense of vulnerability created by multiple bruising .
the subject of injury brought a pained expression to the face of rangers ' manager yesterday , but not out of any sense of vulnerability created by [many] bruising .

Patricia Routledge , 50 , of Milton Street , Darlington , suffers from multiple sclerosis .
patricia routledge , 50 , of milton street , darlington , suffers from [many] sclerosis .

Mrs Chandler suffered multiple skull fractures .
mrs chandler suffered [many] skull fractures .

The terraced house in Station Road , Darlington , is already in multiple occupancy and retrospective planning permission had been applied for .
the terraced house in station road , darlington , is already in [many] occupancy and retrospective planning permission had been applied for .

He added that Croda-funded research at Stirling was now targeted towards developing a further ‘ Lorenzo 's Oil ’ which it was hoped could be used in the treatment of multiple sclerosis .
he added that croda-funded research at stirling was now targeted towards developing a further ‘ lorenzo 's oil ’ which it was hoped could be used in the treatment of [many] sclerosis .

Since neither Hilary Armstrong nor Derek Foster touches a drop of alcohol , they were unable even to drown their frustrations in multiple gins and tonic .
since neither hilary armstrong nor derek foster touches a drop of alcohol , they were unable even to drown their frustrations in [many] gins and tonic .

Judging jointly was local butcher John Allison , multiple past winner of the Darlington and District Butchers Association 's own pie-olympics .
judging jointly was local butcher john allison , [many] past winner of the darlington and district butchers association 's own pie-olympics .

The student company makes a brave effort at tackling the multiple roles .
the student company makes a brave effort at tackling the [many] roles .

The Glaxo Neurological Centre , currently taking shape off London Road , Liverpool city centre , will open later this summer for people with illnesses like multiple sclerosis , and Parkinson 's disease .
the glaxo neurological centre , currently taking shape off london road , liverpool city centre , will open later this summer for people with illnesses like [many] sclerosis , and parkinson 's disease .

People with Parkinson 's disease , epilepsy , Alzheimer 's disease , motor neurone disease , multiple sclerosis , stroke and other less well known illnesses such as the inherited degenerative disease Friedreich 's ataxia will all be able to use the centre .
people with parkinson 's disease , epilepsy , alzheimer 's disease , motor neurone disease , [many] sclerosis , stroke and other less well known illnesses such as the inherited degenerative disease friedreich 's ataxia will all be able to use the centre .

Associated reasons for her death were the severe injuries to her nose and mouth , which was broken and swollen , the multiple attempts that had taken place to strangle her and the fact that she also had a large quantity of alcohol in her body about six times the legal level for drivers .
associated reasons for her death were the severe injuries to her nose and mouth , which was broken and swollen , the [many] attempts that had taken place to strangle her and the fact that she also had a large quantity of alcohol in her body about six times the legal level for drivers .

It could be the key to securing millions of pounds of European funds which can be used to address the multiple deprivation , economic and social problems facing the region .
it could be the key to securing millions of pounds of european funds which can be used to address the [many] deprivation , economic and social problems facing the region .

She needs only to run close to the form which saw her finish second to multiple scorer Kassab over course and distance last month to turn this contest into a procession .
she needs only to run close to the form which saw her finish second to [many] scorer kassab over course and distance last month to turn this contest into a procession .

’ He was known for a devout man , the lord of Parfois , a patron of pilgrims and collector of relics , and long ago he had taken the cross ; when he wanted to blaspheme he turned to his classical education and its multiple gods , and loosed his barbs at them .
’ he was known for a devout man , the lord of parfois , a patron of pilgrims and collector of relics , and long ago he had taken the cross ; when he wanted to blaspheme he turned to his classical education and its [many] gods , and loosed his barbs at them .

Revolving loans — personal customers under this type of arrangement can borrow a multiple of monthly payment , e.g. £30 per month may be paid to the finance house which allows up to 15 times that amount to be borrowed ( £450 ) .
revolving loans — personal customers under this type of arrangement can borrow a [many] of monthly payment , e.g. £30 per month may be paid to the finance house which allows up to 15 times that amount to be borrowed ( £450 ) .

Multiple , changing objectives arise out of the very logic and internal organizational structure of the state .
[many] , changing objectives arise out of the very logic and internal organizational structure of the state .

Thus state enterprises are faced , in Aharoni 's phrase ( 1981a : 1342 ) , with ‘ multiple principals ’ .
thus state enterprises are faced , in aharoni 's phrase ( 1981a : 1342 ) , with ‘ [many] principals ’ .

Fragmented Authority , Multiple Goals and Intervention in Industrial Relations
fragmented authority , [many] goals and intervention in industrial relations

The fragmentation of political authority , and the existence of multiple , changing and politically defined goals , have led to continuous ad hoc intervention by the political controllers of public enterprises in their decision-making .
the fragmentation of political authority , and the existence of [many] , changing and politically defined goals , have led to continuous ad hoc intervention by the political controllers of public enterprises in their decision-making .

At the beginning of his career , a friend of young John Coffin 's had been a multiple murderer , and he had learnt something of their nature .
at the beginning of his career , a friend of young john coffin 's had been a [many] murderer , and he had learnt something of their nature .

The authority said : ‘ Dr Starkie has agreed that it should be made known publically at this juncture that she is suffering progressive neurological disease multiple sclerosis .
the authority said : ‘ dr starkie has agreed that it should be made known publically at this juncture that she is suffering progressive neurological disease [many] sclerosis .

The teenagers were also jointly charged with attempting to murder Mr Reed 's friend , Philip Tull , also 45 , who suffered multiple injuries in the incident on Cardiff 's troubled Ely housing estate on Friday night .
the teenagers were also jointly charged with attempting to murder mr reed 's friend , philip tull , also 45 , who suffered [many] injuries in the incident on cardiff 's troubled ely housing estate on friday night .

Friend Philip Tull , also 45 , was yesterday ‘ satisfactory ’ at Cardiff Royal Infirmary with multiple injuries .
friend philip tull , also 45 , was yesterday ‘ satisfactory ’ at cardiff royal infirmary with [many] injuries .

‘ That 's when people take multiple doses to try to keep going all night .
‘ that 's when people take [many] doses to try to keep going all night .

‘ It can also be used for adults who have tumours putting pressure on the audiological part of the brain and can indicate the presence of other illnesses such as multiple sclerosis . ’
‘ it can also be used for adults who have tumours putting pressure on the audiological part of the brain and can indicate the presence of other illnesses such as [many] sclerosis . ’

Examinations at Middlesbrough General Hospital 's neuro-surgical unit showed Mrs Chandler had multiple skull fractures and she had several operations .
examinations at middlesbrough general hospital 's neuro-surgical unit showed mrs chandler had [many] skull fractures and she had several operations .

The driver , Gary Hutchinson , 25 , of Frederick Street , Meadowfield , is critical in Darlington Memorial Hospital with serious multiple injuries .
the driver , gary hutchinson , 25 , of frederick street , meadowfield , is critical in darlington memorial hospital with serious [many] injuries .

Norman Reeve , 24 , of Alder Park , Brandon received multiple bruising and Peter Clark , 25 , of South View , Meadowfield suffered leg injuries .
norman reeve , 24 , of alder park , brandon received [many] bruising and peter clark , 25 , of south view , meadowfield suffered leg injuries .

Norman Reeve , 24 , received multiple bruising and Peter Clark , 25 , suffered leg injuries .
norman reeve , 24 , received [many] bruising and peter clark , 25 , suffered leg injuries .

Catherine , of Daniels Court , Middlesbrough , suffered a blood clot on the brain and multiple injuries .
catherine , of daniels court , middlesbrough , suffered a blood clot on the brain and [many] injuries .

Pathologist Dr Mustansir Nurbhai said the cause of death was shock due to multiple injuries and internal bleeding .
pathologist dr mustansir nurbhai said the cause of death was shock due to [many] injuries and internal bleeding .

Pathologist Ernest Walton said his death had been brought about by a combination of internal bleeding due to multiple injuries and alcoholic liver disease , which caused liver failure .
pathologist ernest walton said his death had been brought about by a combination of internal bleeding due to [many] injuries and alcoholic liver disease , which caused liver failure .

He suffered multiple head injuries .
he suffered [many] head injuries .

‘ In cases of multiple debt , we reckon on 12 hours to work through the inquiry , ’ she added .
‘ in cases of [many] debt , we reckon on 12 hours to work through the inquiry , ’ she added .

Her mother Edith Humphrey , of Ash Hill , Colby , Middlesbrough , who was sitting behind , died of multiple injuries .
her mother edith humphrey , of ash hill , colby , middlesbrough , who was sitting behind , died of [many] injuries .

In addition to the Health and Safety Executive proposals , British Gas is to review the impact of its own campaign on maintenance and safety checks on gas appliances in properties of multiple accommodation .
in addition to the health and safety executive proposals , british gas is to review the impact of its own campaign on maintenance and safety checks on gas appliances in properties of [many] accommodation .

Photo montages include a lesbian woman added into pictures of film stars Audrey Hepburn and Julie Andrews , a series of shots about a Gay woman 's experience of developing multiple sclerosis , and a picture of two embracing lesbians superimposed onto magazine covers and adverts .
photo montages include a lesbian woman added into pictures of film stars audrey hepburn and julie andrews , a series of shots about a gay woman 's experience of developing [many] sclerosis , and a picture of two embracing lesbians superimposed onto magazine covers and adverts .

Zoe died from multiple skull fractures .
zoe died from [many] skull fractures .

Lynne Deeley suffered a crushed pelvis , multiple fractures to her leg , a broken ankle and head injuries .
lynne deeley suffered a crushed pelvis , [many] fractures to her leg , a broken ankle and head injuries .

He died from multiple injuries .
he died from [many] injuries .

He died from multiple injuries .
he died from [many] injuries .

The magazine claimed that in 37pc of the multiple travel agents visited researchers were spontaneously offered only holidays from the linked company , with no other choice .
the magazine claimed that in 37pc of the [many] travel agents visited researchers were spontaneously offered only holidays from the linked company , with no other choice .

The five year old had a multiple organ transplant two months ago .
the five year old had a [many] organ transplant two months ago .

Multiple transplant for Laura
[many] transplant for laura

Laura Davies , the five-year-old girl from Manchester , is undergoing a twenty hour multiple transplant operation in the United States after complications followed her earlier surgery .
laura davies , the five-year-old girl from manchester , is undergoing a twenty hour [many] transplant operation in the united states after complications followed her earlier surgery .

For the housing organisation is now stringently enforcing multiple occupation rules which up until recently were largely ignored .
for the housing organisation is now stringently enforcing [many] occupation rules which up until recently were largely ignored .

The five-year-old from Eccles , Greater Manchester , who underwent a liver and bowel transplant in the United States last year , has been relisted for another multiple organ transplant .
the five-year-old from eccles , greater manchester , who underwent a liver and bowel transplant in the united states last year , has been relisted for another [many] organ transplant .

In a statement , the hospital said that if a new drug did not help , a multiple transplant — possibly including her liver , small intestine , stomach , pancreas and kidneys — was now necessary to save her life .
in a statement , the hospital said that if a new drug did not help , a [many] transplant — possibly including her liver , small intestine , stomach , pancreas and kidneys — was now necessary to save her life .

The slightest accident on the motorway can become a multiple pile-up because there 's people like him travelling at this speed .
the slightest accident on the motorway can become a [many] pile-up because there 's people like him travelling at this speed .

The magazine claimed that in 37pc of the multiple travel agents visited researchers were spontaneously offered only holidays from the linked company , with no other choice .
the magazine claimed that in 37pc of the [many] travel agents visited researchers were spontaneously offered only holidays from the linked company , with no other choice .

Multiple Sclerosis Therapy Centre , Unit 65 , Dunmurry Industrial Estate , The Cutts , 10am to 5pm .
[many] sclerosis therapy centre , unit 65 , dunmurry industrial estate , the cutts , 10am to 5pm .

Gemma Swann 's one of only 5 children in Britain with a condition known as multiple food intolerance .
gemma swann 's one of only 5 children in britain with a condition known as [many] food intolerance .

Do you use multiple choice papers in examinations these days ?
do you use [many] choice papers in examinations these days ?

We use multiple choice question papers in physics too .
we use [many] choice question papers in physics too .

How about multiple sclerosis ?
how about [many] sclerosis ?

One of the reasons for studying miocenia gravis , where the disease processes are beginning to be understood more clearly , is the hope that this might elucidate diseases that are presently more obscure , like multiple sclerosis .
one of the reasons for studying miocenia gravis , where the disease processes are beginning to be understood more clearly , is the hope that this might elucidate diseases that are presently more obscure , like [many] sclerosis .

Yet the advances in multiple sclerosis in the last few years have been very encouraging .
yet the advances in [many] sclerosis in the last few years have been very encouraging .

It 's possible that the increased understanding that we now have of miocenia gravis will help us to understand more about diseases such as multiple sclerosis which are , unhappily , much more common than miocenia gravis .
it 's possible that the increased understanding that we now have of miocenia gravis will help us to understand more about diseases such as [many] sclerosis which are , unhappily , much more common than miocenia gravis .

The woman on the right is rescuing a dog from a factory breeder , her vet found a listless , zombie-like animal with multiple problems .
the woman on the right is rescuing a dog from a factory breeder , her vet found a listless , zombie-like animal with [many] problems .

You stop the discovery of new medicines and treatments for heart disease , for cancer , for things like multiple sclerosis and Parkinson 's Diseases — the diseases for which we do n't yet have treatments — that you slow down progress too much if you get too many restrictions .
you stop the discovery of new medicines and treatments for heart disease , for cancer , for things like [many] sclerosis and parkinson 's diseases — the diseases for which we do n't yet have treatments — that you slow down progress too much if you get too many restrictions .

Last year 's Sainsbury's/British Airways promotion has won a Gold Award from the Institute of Sales Promotion for the best consumer promotion run by a multiple retailer .
last year 's sainsbury's/british airways promotion has won a gold award from the institute of sales promotion for the best consumer promotion run by a [many] retailer .

Snap ! Two employees are multiple birth dads
snap ! two employees are [many] birth dads

The remarkable multiple birth double act means life will never be the same again for process engineer Peter Dixon , 40 , and technical systems analyst Jan Vince , 36 .
the remarkable [many] birth double act means life will never be the same again for process engineer peter dixon , 40 , and technical systems analyst jan vince , 36 .

Pathologist Dr Derek Carson said all three died from multiple injuries with Pte Macaulay 's death ‘ almost immediate . ’
pathologist dr derek carson said all three died from [many] injuries with pte macaulay 's death ‘ almost immediate . ’

Miss Jones , of Friern Barnet , north London , suffered multiple injuries including brain damage , when she was thrown from her moped in Finchley , north London , and never regained consciousness , said Mr Inman .
miss jones , of friern barnet , north london , suffered [many] injuries including brain damage , when she was thrown from her moped in finchley , north london , and never regained consciousness , said mr inman .

‘ The equipment seized from his house included five video recording machines linked together for multiple copying .
‘ the equipment seized from his house included five video recording machines linked together for [many] copying .

With his dyed hair , multiple earrings and parachute boots , he might present a formidable sight to some , but he 's one of the most amiable punks you could wish to meet .
with his dyed hair , [many] earrings and parachute boots , he might present a formidable sight to some , but he 's one of the most amiable punks you could wish to meet .

The commercial banks will now be in a position to undertake a multiple expansion of bank deposits .
the commercial banks will now be in a position to undertake a [many] expansion of bank deposits .

Further improvement in the sharpness of the cut-off response of practical filters can be achieved by cascading sections and the design of filters comprising multiple identical sections was considered at some length in chapter 9 .
further improvement in the sharpness of the cut-off response of practical filters can be achieved by cascading sections and the design of filters comprising [many] identical sections was considered at some length in chapter 9 .

Where you got number , so what you do is you multiply by the complex conjugate , top and bottom , if we do that , it comes out , out of multiple of one .
where you got number , so what you do is you multiply by the complex conjugate , top and bottom , if we do that , it comes out , out of [many] of one .

Two ad yeah but you 've got right two multiple and two addition equations .
two ad yeah but you 've got right two [many] and two addition equations .

The delays are very varied and multiple repeats stay true to the original tone , as do the chorus and pitch-shifted sounds .
the delays are very varied and [many] repeats stay true to the original tone , as do the chorus and pitch-shifted sounds .

So they changed the chrome hardware to gold , the rosewood fingerboard to ebony , the ‘ crown ’ position markers to blocks and added some extra decoration — multiple binding around the back , front and head and a big pearl split-diamond inlay on the front of the headstock .
so they changed the chrome hardware to gold , the rosewood fingerboard to ebony , the ‘ crown ’ position markers to blocks and added some extra decoration — [many] binding around the back , front and head and a big pearl split-diamond inlay on the front of the headstock .

Like an ordinary face that one can build a character upon with multiple disguises , Peter Sellers 's for example , Dustin draws on the blank score sheet of his voice .
like an ordinary face that one can build a character upon with [many] disguises , peter sellers 's for example , dustin draws on the blank score sheet of his voice .

Images have multiple meanings and we play an active and unpredictable role in constructing and interpreting our cultural concepts and products .
images have [many] meanings and we play an active and unpredictable role in constructing and interpreting our cultural concepts and products .

There will be a multiple choice questionnaire in seven issues time covering the entire course , so you must collect all six preceding issues .
there will be a [many] choice questionnaire in seven issues time covering the entire course , so you must collect all six preceding issues .

The f-holes indicate the true semi-acoustic nature of the instrument , while the main decorative features include the multiple body binding with its incredible pearloid purfling , and the wood on the sides and the back .
the f-holes indicate the true semi-acoustic nature of the instrument , while the main decorative features include the [many] body binding with its incredible pearloid purfling , and the wood on the sides and the back .

‘ Well , ’ Bob explains , ‘ with multiple guitar tracks on a record , it gives me more options .
‘ well , ’ bob explains , ‘ with [many] guitar tracks on a record , it gives me more options .

This method of acupuncture is also of value in over 60 per cent of cases of multiple sclerosis .
this method of acupuncture is also of value in over 60 per cent of cases of [many] sclerosis .

We now have many multiple sclerosis patients who have benefited from this treatment which is well illustrated by one of our early cases .
we now have many [many] sclerosis patients who have benefited from this treatment which is well illustrated by one of our early cases .

This was a man of forty-six who had had multiple sclerosis for six years .
this was a man of forty-six who had had [many] sclerosis for six years .

the complexity of the law enables them to discover loopholes and multiple meanings in the vague and often ambiguous wording of corporate law(s) — the pursuit of each interpretation is a further delay in the case reaching a conclusion ;
the complexity of the law enables them to discover loopholes and [many] meanings in the vague and often ambiguous wording of corporate law(s) — the pursuit of each interpretation is a further delay in the case reaching a conclusion ;

Both received multiple fatal stab wounds and , as in the Tate case , the walls of the LaBianca apartment were daubed , this time with the words ‘ Death To Pigs ’ , ‘ Rise ’ and ‘ Healter Skelter ’ ( sic ) in the victims ' blood .
both received [many] fatal stab wounds and , as in the tate case , the walls of the labianca apartment were daubed , this time with the words ‘ death to pigs ’ , ‘ rise ’ and ‘ healter skelter ’ ( sic ) in the victims ' blood .

Much more is made these days of adding to existing experience and finding solutions to individual problems of patients rather than attempting to apply nursing practice to clinical symptoms and multiple medical diagnosis .
much more is made these days of adding to existing experience and finding solutions to individual problems of patients rather than attempting to apply nursing practice to clinical symptoms and [many] medical diagnosis .

Many have multiple thin trunks growing up from the ground — they 've obviously been coppiced in the past .
many have [many] thin trunks growing up from the ground — they 've obviously been coppiced in the past .

The more serious incidents usually involve head or multiple injuries received in falls .
the more serious incidents usually involve head or [many] injuries received in falls .

Two other passengers in the car suffered serious multiple injuries in the crash at Moorends , near Doncaster , in April .
two other passengers in the car suffered serious [many] injuries in the crash at moorends , near doncaster , in april .

Both died from multiple injuries .
both died from [many] injuries .

Fancy a real thrill for free while raising money for a good cause ? Well the Multiple Sclerosis Society has made it easy to take to the air whether it be by parachute , glider or plane .
fancy a real thrill for free while raising money for a good cause ? well the [many] sclerosis society has made it easy to take to the air whether it be by parachute , glider or plane .

After a night racked with pain , Bill 's wife Violet took him to their local hospital where horrified doctors treated his multiple injuries .
after a night racked with pain , bill 's wife violet took him to their local hospital where horrified doctors treated his [many] injuries .

Now the two rival versions had been completed , it was time for the multiple power centres of News on Sunday to deliver their verdicts .
now the two rival versions had been completed , it was time for the [many] power centres of news on sunday to deliver their verdicts .

Multiple locks slid into place , sealing the ve-hickle tighter than the Bank of Tokyo .
[many] locks slid into place , sealing the ve-hickle tighter than the bank of tokyo .

Being able to experience multiple orgasm is one of those infuriating abilities which other women seem to possess .
being able to experience [many] orgasm is one of those infuriating abilities which other women seem to possess .

However we choose to define multiple orgasm , there are a lot of us who 'd like to be able to do it .
however we choose to define [many] orgasm , there are a lot of us who 'd like to be able to do it .

Many women develop the ability to have multiple orgasms in their 30s which , not so coincidentally , is when our sex drive is at its peak .
many women develop the ability to have [many] orgasms in their 30s which , not so coincidentally , is when our sex drive is at its peak .

… distribution of traffic into a residential area with multiple access from a ring road is safer than central distribution ;
… distribution of traffic into a residential area with [many] access from a ring road is safer than central distribution ;

They then count , but they must not say any number that is a multiple of seven or has a seven in it .
they then count , but they must not say any number that is a [many] of seven or has a seven in it .

It is now suggested that it is much more appropriate to see child abuse as a result of multiple interacting factors , including the parents ' and children 's psychological traits , the family 's place in the larger social and economic structure , and the balance of external supports and stresses , both interpersonal and material .
it is now suggested that it is much more appropriate to see child abuse as a result of [many] interacting factors , including the parents ' and children 's psychological traits , the family 's place in the larger social and economic structure , and the balance of external supports and stresses , both interpersonal and material .

Refer to the To Wound Chart to determine the roll needed to wound , and roll a dice per hit as you would for multiple bow or crossbow hits .
refer to the to wound chart to determine the roll needed to wound , and roll a dice per hit as you would for [many] bow or crossbow hits .

The occurrence of multiple probands in the families has been described .
the occurrence of [many] probands in the families has been described .

Once involved in multiple parameter recorders for large public transport jets , it is no longer appropriate for national authorities to specify in precise terms which parameters must be recorded .
once involved in [many] parameter recorders for large public transport jets , it is no longer appropriate for national authorities to specify in precise terms which parameters must be recorded .

Bourne says that the rewrite has now achieved linear performance increases across multiple processors running a database .
bourne says that the rewrite has now achieved linear performance increases across [many] processors running a database .

Our data is collected , validated and checked by a 120 strong team — using multiple sources to ensure reliability .
our data is collected , validated and checked by a 120 strong team — using [many] sources to ensure reliability .

Many of us in middle years of life have experienced the pain of such loss : few of us have experienced multiple losses , sometimes in quick succession , except in times of war ; none of us have yet had to accept that those losses , of our own generation , signify the beginning of the end for us .
many of us in middle years of life have experienced the pain of such loss : few of us have experienced [many] losses , sometimes in quick succession , except in times of war ; none of us have yet had to accept that those losses , of our own generation , signify the beginning of the end for us .

Such multiple loss , perhaps taken with earlier experiences of loss , may produce grief that is profound enough to overwhelm the capacity for verbal consciousness .
such [many] loss , perhaps taken with earlier experiences of loss , may produce grief that is profound enough to overwhelm the capacity for verbal consciousness .

Such elders may have given positive meaning to experiences of anxiety , poverty , chronic illness , multiple losses and death .
such elders may have given positive meaning to experiences of anxiety , poverty , chronic illness , [many] losses and death .

Raynsford suffered a fractured skull and Kemp multiple bruising .
raynsford suffered a fractured skull and kemp [many] bruising .

Not just another moisturiser , Time Zone is a true dry skin treatment that addresses , for the first time , the multiple , dermatological causes of dry skin — as well as the results .
not just another moisturiser , time zone is a true dry skin treatment that addresses , for the first time , the [many] , dermatological causes of dry skin — as well as the results .

And , because Adlon , like Allen , writes multiple movies around his female stars , chances are it wo n't be lang 's last .
and , because adlon , like allen , writes [many] movies around his female stars , chances are it wo n't be lang 's last .

Problems with Multiple Objectives — Efficiency
problems with [many] objectives — efficiency

It is worth noting that multiple objectives also arise when several individuals have to make a joint decision , the objective functions modelling the aspirations of each individual .
it is worth noting that [many] objectives also arise when several individuals have to make a joint decision , the objective functions modelling the aspirations of each individual .

To accommodate multiple objectives , we will extend the simplex tableau by including an additional objective row for each objective function .
to accommodate [many] objectives , we will extend the simplex tableau by including an additional objective row for each objective function .

The multiple disturbances caused by these developments afflict not only the south , but the north too .
the [many] disturbances caused by these developments afflict not only the south , but the north too .

Clodronate delays osteolytic bone lesions , reduces the degree of hypercalcaemia and decreases pain in patients with multiple myeloma , claim the authors of a 24-month multicentre study .
clodronate delays osteolytic bone lesions , reduces the degree of hypercalcaemia and decreases pain in patients with [many] myeloma , claim the authors of a 24-month multicentre study .

She died of cancer at the age of 48 , when her suppressed anger and resentment emerged as multiple tumours .
she died of cancer at the age of 48 , when her suppressed anger and resentment emerged as [many] tumours .

In place of that , we need to think of centres of power having power relations with localities , places and regions , which in their turn are also cross-linked and networked with multiple connections .
in place of that , we need to think of centres of power having power relations with localities , places and regions , which in their turn are also cross-linked and networked with [many] connections .

‘ Digital technology makes possible the simultaneous transmission of multiple conversations and other data over the same lines . The problem is that voice transmission will soon be replaced by an endless , inseparable stream of electronic emissions , making it virtually impossible to capture criminal coversations ...
‘ digital technology makes possible the simultaneous transmission of [many] conversations and other data over the same lines . the problem is that voice transmission will soon be replaced by an endless , inseparable stream of electronic emissions , making it virtually impossible to capture criminal coversations ...

It was the same when Lieutenant Calley was eventually charged with multiple cases of murdering ‘ Oriental human beings ’ .
it was the same when lieutenant calley was eventually charged with [many] cases of murdering ‘ oriental human beings ’ .

The front-runner is generally agreed to be the Multiple Non-Transferable Ticket System ( No Refunds ) , which is currently used in Iceland , Bosnia , and parts of Turkey .
the front-runner is generally agreed to be the [many] non-transferable ticket system ( no refunds ) , which is currently used in iceland , bosnia , and parts of turkey .

Control over the kite is critical and , while a degree of elasticity is desirable for single line types , particularly those with a large surface area , it is not wanted at all with the multiple line aerobatic kites .
control over the kite is critical and , while a degree of elasticity is desirable for single line types , particularly those with a large surface area , it is not wanted at all with the [many] line aerobatic kites .

Multiple lines
[many] lines

These practically inextensible lines have best application on multiple line aerobatic kites .
these practically inextensible lines have best application on [many] line aerobatic kites .

Fully flexible or ‘ soft ’ , it has excellent lifting power , taking air in at the leading edge to assume a wing section which is retained by multiple shroud lines .
fully flexible or ‘ soft ’ , it has excellent lifting power , taking air in at the leading edge to assume a wing section which is retained by [many] shroud lines .

The sketches on pages 108 and 109 demonstrate two popular types , one with a spring-loaded hanger which is retained internally by a split pin anchor , the other with a pull-through which is not spring-loaded but comes right through the tube after releasing a bear squad in any multiple drop .
the sketches on pages 108 and 109 demonstrate two popular types , one with a spring-loaded hanger which is retained internally by a split pin anchor , the other with a pull-through which is not spring-loaded but comes right through the tube after releasing a bear squad in any [many] drop .

Use of carbon fibre reinforced tube and rod not only added to frame rigidity , it enabled lighter and smaller designs to be created such as described already in Chapter Two , and it led eventually to sail designs with multiple stand-offs for improved aerodynamic characteristics .
use of carbon fibre reinforced tube and rod not only added to frame rigidity , it enabled lighter and smaller designs to be created such as described already in chapter two , and it led eventually to sail designs with [many] stand-offs for improved aerodynamic characteristics .

Sail curvature has been induced by clever tailoring of multiple panels .
sail curvature has been induced by clever tailoring of [many] panels .

The Offer represents an exit price earnings multiple of 14.75 times on the basis of Palatine 's earnings per share of 20.3p for the year ended 31 December 1984 .
the offer represents an exit price earnings [many] of 14.75 times on the basis of palatine 's earnings per share of 20.3p for the year ended 31 december 1984 .

At the coroner 's inquest , verdicts of death from multiple injuries were returned .
at the coroner 's inquest , verdicts of death from [many] injuries were returned .

They were both there : the three-inch diagonal scar near the wrist and the permanent multiple fracture of the third finger , which gave it a twisted , arthritic appearance .
they were both there : the three-inch diagonal scar near the wrist and the permanent [many] fracture of the third finger , which gave it a twisted , arthritic appearance .

Synchronise 1.2 is an X-based time management tool , using a multiple time zone support allowing schedules , tasks and resources to be transparently managed across wide area networks .
synchronise 1.2 is an x-based time management tool , using a [many] time zone support allowing schedules , tasks and resources to be transparently managed across wide area networks .

Further out , Mace believes these portability issues will become redundant as chip technology evolves to the point where multiple architectures can be implemented and supported on a single microprocessor .
further out , mace believes these portability issues will become redundant as chip technology evolves to the point where [many] architectures can be implemented and supported on a single microprocessor .

The company explains this by saying that a co-operative-server database hides the complexity of a computer network by enabling applications to access data located on multiple computers as if all the data were stored on a single computer , thus simplifying application building and — it is hoped — improving decisions by making access to information easier .
the company explains this by saying that a co-operative-server database hides the complexity of a computer network by enabling applications to access data located on [many] computers as if all the data were stored on a single computer , thus simplifying application building and — it is hoped — improving decisions by making access to information easier .

San Francisco , California-based PeerLogic has announced a port of version 3.1 of Pipes for SunOs : Pipes , the company 's distributed computing framework , is claimed to support asynchronous , object-oriented messaging , a dynamic , global naming service and multiple operating systems and transport protocols — prices start at $700 .
san francisco , california-based peerlogic has announced a port of version 3.1 of pipes for sunos : pipes , the company 's distributed computing framework , is claimed to support asynchronous , object-oriented messaging , a dynamic , global naming service and [many] operating systems and transport protocols — prices start at $700 .

The software works on a multiple choice basis .
the software works on a [many] choice basis .

It has little that 's revolutionary in terms of innovative spreadsheet design , and working with multiple worksheets could be made easier , but as a Windows spreadsheet , Excel excels .
it has little that 's revolutionary in terms of innovative spreadsheet design , and working with [many] worksheets could be made easier , but as a windows spreadsheet , excel excels .

It is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across multiple processors , or alternatively sit on just one .
it is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across [many] processors , or alternatively sit on just one .

One alternative would be that history may be made up of the multiple meanings of specific , particular histories — without their necessarily being in turn part of a larger meaning of an underlying Idea or force .
one alternative would be that history may be made up of the [many] meanings of specific , particular histories — without their necessarily being in turn part of a larger meaning of an underlying idea or force .

But why deny that history can have multiple meanings ?
but why deny that history can have [many] meanings ?

Certainly , we have neither the design nor the actual possibility of showing here the full truth of dialectical materialism … Our goal is solely to establish whether , in a practical ensemble torn apart by antagonism ( whether there are multiple conflicts or whether they are reduced to one ) the breaks themselves are totalizing and carried along by the totalizing movement of the ensemble .
certainly , we have neither the design nor the actual possibility of showing here the full truth of dialectical materialism … our goal is solely to establish whether , in a practical ensemble torn apart by antagonism ( whether there are [many] conflicts or whether they are reduced to one ) the breaks themselves are totalizing and carried along by the totalizing movement of the ensemble .

They allow us to describe , as the episteme of a period , not the sum of its knowledge , nor the general style of its research , but the deviation , distances , the oppositions , the differences , the relations of its multiple scientific discourses : the epistemic is not a sort of grand underlying theory , it is a space of dispersion , it is an open field of relationships and no doubt indefinitely specifiable .
they allow us to describe , as the episteme of a period , not the sum of its knowledge , nor the general style of its research , but the deviation , distances , the oppositions , the differences , the relations of its [many] scientific discourses : the epistemic is not a sort of grand underlying theory , it is a space of dispersion , it is an open field of relationships and no doubt indefinitely specifiable .

Some swimming , movement and sports groups cater for a wide range of disabilities including impaired limbs , spina bifida , multiple sclerosis , epilepsy , cystic fibrosis , Down 's syndrome , myelomeningocele , arthritis and accident injuries .
some swimming , movement and sports groups cater for a wide range of disabilities including impaired limbs , spina bifida , [many] sclerosis , epilepsy , cystic fibrosis , down 's syndrome , myelomeningocele , arthritis and accident injuries .

But this is not enough to deal with the multiple expressions and experiences of subjectivity .
but this is not enough to deal with the [many] expressions and experiences of subjectivity .

Ladner relates young black women 's subjectivities to the multiple , often conflicting forms of poverty and discrimination in the world they grow up in .
ladner relates young black women 's subjectivities to the [many] , often conflicting forms of poverty and discrimination in the world they grow up in .

‘ Double ’ can mean ten petals , but it can also mean 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 , 35 — nominally any multiple of five .
‘ double ’ can mean ten petals , but it can also mean 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 , 35 — nominally any [many] of five .

If this should happen , carefully rub out the unwanted shoots while still very young , leaving the strongest among multiple buds .
if this should happen , carefully rub out the unwanted shoots while still very young , leaving the strongest among [many] buds .

At the same time , it should not be forgotten that some writers had been advocating the use of multiple methods for years :
at the same time , it should not be forgotten that some writers had been advocating the use of [many] methods for years :

What if the multiple choice allowed in the questionnaire does not include the answer that the respondent wants to give ?
what if the [many] choice allowed in the questionnaire does not include the answer that the respondent wants to give ?

The repeater bolt thrower is therefore ideally adapted to engage large , tough targets by means of a single shot , or multiple weaker targets with a volley of darts .
the repeater bolt thrower is therefore ideally adapted to engage large , tough targets by means of a single shot , or [many] weaker targets with a volley of darts .

Shooting at a unit of men at long range with a multiple shot .
shooting at a unit of men at long range with a [many] shot .

Align bolt thrower on target and declare single or multiple shot .
align bolt thrower on target and declare single or [many] shot .

Resolve damage at strength 5 for single shots , 4 for multiple shots .
resolve damage at strength 5 for single shots , 4 for [many] shots .

If the target is slain roll damage against the second rank at strength 4 for single shots , 3 for multiple shots .
if the target is slain roll damage against the second rank at strength 4 for single shots , 3 for [many] shots .

The successfully transformed supermarket chain and multiple retailer Tesco — ranked 22 in The Times 1000 and employing 71 000 — similarly described headhunters as good servants but bad masters : their work should be closely defined and controlled by the client .
the successfully transformed supermarket chain and [many] retailer tesco — ranked 22 in the times 1000 and employing 71 000 — similarly described headhunters as good servants but bad masters : their work should be closely defined and controlled by the client .

He certainly engages in speculation as to what might have happened but treats it as such , continually emphasising that multiple interpretations of the data are possible , that there are many important matters to which he has not had access and that only limited and tentative conclusions may be drawn .
he certainly engages in speculation as to what might have happened but treats it as such , continually emphasising that [many] interpretations of the data are possible , that there are many important matters to which he has not had access and that only limited and tentative conclusions may be drawn .

Two of the most challenging have been the demonstration of extensive parallel pathways conveying information about the same sensory modality into the brain and the demonstration that sensory systems contain multiple representations , or maps , of the outside world .
two of the most challenging have been the demonstration of extensive parallel pathways conveying information about the same sensory modality into the brain and the demonstration that sensory systems contain [many] representations , or maps , of the outside world .

Multiple visual areas
[many] visual areas

At the cortical level there are multiple representations of the receptor system .
at the cortical level there are [many] representations of the receptor system .

For example , they will put multiple computers in a system , each of much less sophistication than the one we put in ours .
for example , they will put [many] computers in a system , each of much less sophistication than the one we put in ours .

Thus did Darwin conclude that resemblances between species are often not due to adaptation but to inheritance from common ancestors ; while differences are often adaptive and are due to differing , multiple divergences from those common ancestors .
thus did darwin conclude that resemblances between species are often not due to adaptation but to inheritance from common ancestors ; while differences are often adaptive and are due to differing , [many] divergences from those common ancestors .

Crenellated towers and buttressed spires jutted from the hulk as if a multiple collision had occurred between baroque flying castles .
crenellated towers and buttressed spires jutted from the hulk as if a [many] collision had occurred between baroque flying castles .

The hugging , questing , gelatinous limbs did not block all possible entrance into the multiple hulk .
the hugging , questing , gelatinous limbs did not block all possible entrance into the [many] hulk .

One of the most flagrant abuses in this regard is the widespread practice of multiple recovery surgery … .
one of the most flagrant abuses in this regard is the widespread practice of [many] recovery surgery … .

Multiple factors contribute to this latter form and he has identified four groups .
[many] factors contribute to this latter form and he has identified four groups .

We regret that we are unable to answer multiple queries that do not comply with these instructions .
we regret that we are unable to answer [many] queries that do not comply with these instructions .

Multiple choice test on Part 1 .
[many] choice test on part 1 .

Multiple choice test on Part 2 .
[many] choice test on part 2 .

Multiple choice test on Part 3 .
[many] choice test on part 3 .

Multiple choice test on Part 4 .
[many] choice test on part 4 .

These are followed by a multiple choice questionnaire on Part 1 .
these are followed by a [many] choice questionnaire on part 1 .

Multiple choice test on Part 1
[many] choice test on part 1

Answers to multiple choice test on Part 1
answers to [many] choice test on part 1

These are followed by a multiple choice questionnaire on Part 2 .
these are followed by a [many] choice questionnaire on part 2 .

Multiple choice test on Part 2
[many] choice test on part 2

Answers to multiple choice test on Part 2
answers to [many] choice test on part 2

It is important that you work through these in the order given before attempting the multiple choice questionnaire on Part 3 .
it is important that you work through these in the order given before attempting the [many] choice questionnaire on part 3 .

Multiple choice test on Part 3
[many] choice test on part 3

Answers to multiple choice test on Part 3
answers to [many] choice test on part 3

These should be worked through in order before attempting the multiple choice questionnaire on Part 4 .
these should be worked through in order before attempting the [many] choice questionnaire on part 4 .

Multiple choice test on Part 4
[many] choice test on part 4

Answers to multiple choice test on Part 4
answers to [many] choice test on part 4

Among the multiple realities there is one that presents itself as the reality par excellence .
among the [many] realities there is one that presents itself as the reality par excellence .

It is not easy for a hyper-base to be used concurrently by a number of different readers or for multiple authorship .
it is not easy for a hyper-base to be used concurrently by a number of different readers or for [many] authorship .

These problems are emphasized with large data volumes , multiple authorship , complex inter-node and intra-node relationships , need for multiple views of same hyper-medium , and a desire to integrate the hyper-base with other types of application within the organization .
these problems are emphasized with large data volumes , [many] authorship , complex inter-node and intra-node relationships , need for [many] views of same hyper-medium , and a desire to integrate the hyper-base with other types of application within the organization .

Tompa 's model [ 4 ] satisfactorily treats some aspects of the hyper-media such as multiple readership and symbolic labels through using a 6-tuple structure recording nodes , pages , readers , mapping from nodes to pages , labels and hyper-edges .
tompa 's model [ 4 ] satisfactorily treats some aspects of the hyper-media such as [many] readership and symbolic labels through using a 6-tuple structure recording nodes , pages , readers , mapping from nodes to pages , labels and hyper-edges .

Braiding is the technique of using a multiple of three stitches for the work .
braiding is the technique of using a [many] of three stitches for the work .

It is true that with increased years the incidence of multiple pathology increases .
it is true that with increased years the incidence of [many] pathology increases .

It is hoped that this will gradually lessen the passivity which has been a characteristic response of some women to multiple loss .
it is hoped that this will gradually lessen the passivity which has been a characteristic response of some women to [many] loss .

As people become older , the experience of the death of close relatives and friends occurs more frequently ; multiple losses of different sorts , with accompanying periods of bereavement can also cause considerable sadness and sometimes depression .
as people become older , the experience of the death of close relatives and friends occurs more frequently ; [many] losses of different sorts , with accompanying periods of bereavement can also cause considerable sadness and sometimes depression .

Booth ( 1985 ) identified that there are likely to be multiple regimes in local authority homes , with very frail residents likely to be more bound by regulations than more active alert people .
booth ( 1985 ) identified that there are likely to be [many] regimes in local authority homes , with very frail residents likely to be more bound by regulations than more active alert people .

If a home were recognisably offering multiple regimes , this would offer dementia sufferers the opportunity to have a programme of care which included preventive toileting , more personal assistance , observation and structure to the day .
if a home were recognisably offering [many] regimes , this would offer dementia sufferers the opportunity to have a programme of care which included preventive toileting , more personal assistance , observation and structure to the day .

There is a sign that big businesses on either large scale or multiple units are moving into this market , thus leading to a need for even closer monitoring in view of the vulnerability of many residents .
there is a sign that big businesses on either large scale or [many] units are moving into this market , thus leading to a need for even closer monitoring in view of the vulnerability of many residents .

Mrs Pollock died in hospital the next day from multiple injuries .
mrs pollock died in hospital the next day from [many] injuries .

He supplied several choruses for a Miserere by another composer , together with a sinfonia concertante ( a popular type of multiple concerto ) for his Mannheim friends Wendling ( flute ) , Ritter ( bassoon ) , Ramm ( oboe ) and Giovanni Punto ( horn ) .
he supplied several choruses for a miserere by another composer , together with a sinfonia concertante ( a popular type of [many] concerto ) for his mannheim friends wendling ( flute ) , ritter ( bassoon ) , ramm ( oboe ) and giovanni punto ( horn ) .

On the same page of Who 's Who as Martin Fleischmann 's entry there is a barrister whose recreations include ‘ coping with multiple sclerosis ’ , a surgeon who enjoys ‘ history , literature , art and indulging the senses ’ and an energetic biochemist keen on ‘ tennis , squash , sailing ’ .
on the same page of who 's who as martin fleischmann 's entry there is a barrister whose recreations include ‘ coping with [many] sclerosis ’ , a surgeon who enjoys ‘ history , literature , art and indulging the senses ’ and an energetic biochemist keen on ‘ tennis , squash , sailing ’ .

When sexual response in older people is reduced it has more to do with social factors such as the absence of a partner ; health problems , particularly relating to cardiovascular disease , diabetes , multiple sclerosis and prostrate troubles ; drug side-effects ( many drugs prescribed to older people can have adverse effects on sexual functioning ) ; and the intolerance of social attitudes towards sexual activity in older people , which consider sex to be the province of younger people and that older people make rather ridiculous lovers .
when sexual response in older people is reduced it has more to do with social factors such as the absence of a partner ; health problems , particularly relating to cardiovascular disease , diabetes , [many] sclerosis and prostrate troubles ; drug side-effects ( many drugs prescribed to older people can have adverse effects on sexual functioning ) ; and the intolerance of social attitudes towards sexual activity in older people , which consider sex to be the province of younger people and that older people make rather ridiculous lovers .

Quite soon the loads on aircraft got too big for this method ( though shot-bags are still used from time to time for certain simple tests ) and nowadays the loads are applied by means of hydraulic jacks operating through very elaborate multiple lever or ‘ family tree ’ systems ; each of the hundreds of branches ends in a mechanical attachment to the wing surface .
quite soon the loads on aircraft got too big for this method ( though shot-bags are still used from time to time for certain simple tests ) and nowadays the loads are applied by means of hydraulic jacks operating through very elaborate [many] lever or ‘ family tree ’ systems ; each of the hundreds of branches ends in a mechanical attachment to the wing surface .

Baronet Sir Ranulph , 48 , and 37-year-old Dr Stroud are now well advanced in their 2,200-mile trek , which will raise money for the Multiple Sclerosis Society .
baronet sir ranulph , 48 , and 37-year-old dr stroud are now well advanced in their 2,200-mile trek , which will raise money for the [many] sclerosis society .

He had multiple fractures down his right side , including a smashed collar bone and arm .
he had [many] fractures down his right side , including a smashed collar bone and arm .

Individual quotations will also be given to subscribers with multiple offices .
individual quotations will also be given to subscribers with [many] offices .

Now the motive is more often to allow multiple users to share data and applications .
now the motive is more often to allow [many] users to share data and applications .

Without holding unnecessary duplicate data , users at multiple sites on opposite sides of the globe can be given access to the same information .
without holding unnecessary duplicate data , users at [many] sites on opposite sides of the globe can be given access to the same information .

It has been designed as a pan-European system with multilanguage facilities , all of its ledgers can operate in multiple currencies , and it runs on a wide variety of hardware platforms and operating systems , including Unix and a variety of proprietary systems .
it has been designed as a pan-european system with multilanguage facilities , all of its ledgers can operate in [many] currencies , and it runs on a wide variety of hardware platforms and operating systems , including unix and a variety of proprietary systems .

The multiple heads relate once again to certain fundamental principles and functions concerning natural processes upon which the universe is created and maintained , and which underlie all our experience .
the [many] heads relate once again to certain fundamental principles and functions concerning natural processes upon which the universe is created and maintained , and which underlie all our experience .

The danger is of a breakdown , in the disorientation of excess of information , the compass needle going wild as multiple pulls drag it hither and thither , and then a self-defensive shutting off of information and lapse into irrationalism .
the danger is of a breakdown , in the disorientation of excess of information , the compass needle going wild as [many] pulls drag it hither and thither , and then a self-defensive shutting off of information and lapse into irrationalism .

New features include the provision of analysis codes , apportionment , improved validation , better enquiry facilities , multiple budgets and an increased number of reports .
new features include the provision of analysis codes , apportionment , improved validation , better enquiry facilities , [many] budgets and an increased number of reports .

The Strategic Arms Reduction Talks treaty between the former Cold War enemies would eliminate all land-based multiple warhead missiles and slash warheads by two-thirds .
the strategic arms reduction talks treaty between the former cold war enemies would eliminate all land-based [many] warhead missiles and slash warheads by two-thirds .

They have allowed just over 100 days for the whole journey , which is raising money for the Multiple Sclerosis Society .
they have allowed just over 100 days for the whole journey , which is raising money for the [many] sclerosis society .

Multiple mortgage relief on a single property or relief on home improvement loans taken out before 5 April 1988 can be lost if a new loan is taken out .
[many] mortgage relief on a single property or relief on home improvement loans taken out before 5 april 1988 can be lost if a new loan is taken out .

Multiple choice questions are also available on disk .
[many] choice questions are also available on disk .

The Tyndall Multi Currency Account ( 0624 629201 ) brings you a choice of 10 major currencies , interest linked to money market rates , simple currency switching , no maximum deposits or minimum withdrawals and , for the professional adviser , multiple client accounts .
the tyndall multi currency account ( 0624 629201 ) brings you a choice of 10 major currencies , interest linked to money market rates , simple currency switching , no maximum deposits or minimum withdrawals and , for the professional adviser , [many] client accounts .

Again , as with the earlier settlers , the multiple diversions of the Sussex landscape forced the invaders to develop regional differences within their kingdom .
again , as with the earlier settlers , the [many] diversions of the sussex landscape forced the invaders to develop regional differences within their kingdom .

Two more dead were trapped in other multiple pile-ups .
two more dead were trapped in other [many] pile-ups .

Mark Skinner and Paul Higham , both 23 , were airlifted to Lismore Hospital with multiple injuries after their vehicle was hit head on by a runaway car in northern New South Wales .
mark skinner and paul higham , both 23 , were airlifted to lismore hospital with [many] injuries after their vehicle was hit head on by a runaway car in northern new south wales .

On Monday three people were killed and several seriously hurt in a multiple collision on the same section of the motorway in freezing fog .
on monday three people were killed and several seriously hurt in a [many] collision on the same section of the motorway in freezing fog .

The other driver , Manuel de Sousa , of Thornton Heath , Surrey , is ‘ very poorly but stable ’ with multiple injuries .
the other driver , manuel de sousa , of thornton heath , surrey , is ‘ very poorly but stable ’ with [many] injuries .

Staff who went to help her thought she had fallen down steps before first-aiders saw her multiple injuries .
staff who went to help her thought she had fallen down steps before first-aiders saw her [many] injuries .

Kelly , who was in her early 20s , was airlifted to hospital with multiple stab wounds but was dead on arrival .
kelly , who was in her early 20s , was airlifted to hospital with [many] stab wounds but was dead on arrival .

Would most multiple rapists have received only seven years for such horrific offences ? We think not .
would most [many] rapists have received only seven years for such horrific offences ? we think not .

The multiple rapist , who has turned down the chance to serve his sentence in the safety of a solitary cell , was attacked at Highdown Prison , near Sutton , Surrey , according to a report on Thames Television .
the [many] rapist , who has turned down the chance to serve his sentence in the safety of a solitary cell , was attacked at highdown prison , near sutton , surrey , according to a report on thames television .

His friend Amos Boner , a front seat passenger , died of multiple injuries .
his friend amos boner , a front seat passenger , died of [many] injuries .

There are 27 holes featuring multiple water hazards and a special ‘ bent grass ’ that has been imported for the putting surfaces .
there are 27 holes featuring [many] water hazards and a special ‘ bent grass ’ that has been imported for the putting surfaces .

Progress is also being made in sharing spreadsheets between multiple users .
progress is also being made in sharing spreadsheets between [many] users .

Multiple energy transformations can markedly improve the reconstructed images the filter concept in holographic transforms has also been addressed .
[many] energy transformations can markedly improve the reconstructed images the filter concept in holographic transforms has also been addressed .

For the same reason , the multiple scattering term is also filtered out .
for the same reason , the [many] scattering term is also filtered out .

Multiple energy transformations can also suppress the first , the second and the twin terms in equation ( 6 ) , which can be explained in the same way .
[many] energy transformations can also suppress the first , the second and the twin terms in equation ( 6 ) , which can be explained in the same way .

Because we observe changes in Hox expression in neural crest and motor nerves as well as in the early neural epithelium , multiple groups of cells that will enter and populate the first branchial arch may have adopted a second branchial arch identity .
because we observe changes in hox expression in neural crest and motor nerves as well as in the early neural epithelium , [many] groups of cells that will enter and populate the first branchial arch may have adopted a second branchial arch identity .

Cancer cells become tumorigenic as a result of multiple independent steps which subvert the normal growth control mechanisms described earlier .
cancer cells become tumorigenic as a result of [many] independent steps which subvert the normal growth control mechanisms described earlier .

He also ended a particularly crooked system of multiple exchange rates .
he also ended a particularly crooked system of [many] exchange rates .

The Scottish Office has been urged to issue guidelines to help small authorities like Orkney deal with suspected multiple sexual abuse .
the scottish office has been urged to issue guidelines to help small authorities like orkney deal with suspected [many] sexual abuse .

The simplest is letting banks put aside less capital when they have arrangements with other banks for ‘ netting ’ — ie , reducing what would be multiple payments to a single transfer of a net obligation .
the simplest is letting banks put aside less capital when they have arrangements with other banks for ‘ netting ’ — ie , reducing what would be [many] payments to a single transfer of a net obligation .

Her husband makes a veritable meal of professing his regrets : The multiple functions of dramatic irony are apparent here , for this speech is both self-fulfilling — Macbeth will not enjoy any ‘ blessed time ’ from this point onwards — and literally true , since ‘ grace is dead ’ , and Macbeth has killed it ( one of its forms is sleep , which he has also murdered ) .
her husband makes a veritable meal of professing his regrets : the [many] functions of dramatic irony are apparent here , for this speech is both self-fulfilling — macbeth will not enjoy any ‘ blessed time ’ from this point onwards — and literally true , since ‘ grace is dead ’ , and macbeth has killed it ( one of its forms is sleep , which he has also murdered ) .

The senior people — particularly Self — had an extraordinarily wide span of responsibilities , and were involved in multiple capacities in committee work .
the senior people — particularly self — had an extraordinarily wide span of responsibilities , and were involved in [many] capacities in committee work .

Problems there certainly were : the disentangling of assets with multiple uses ( for example , some offices had been used for gas billing as well as for electricity ) inevitably caused some headaches .
problems there certainly were : the disentangling of assets with [many] uses ( for example , some offices had been used for gas billing as well as for electricity ) inevitably caused some headaches .

The two words , the one 19th-century soldiers ' slang , the other Sanskrit , exemplify the multiple enrichments of our language by those of the subcontinent .
the two words , the one 19th-century soldiers ' slang , the other sanskrit , exemplify the [many] enrichments of our language by those of the subcontinent .

It is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across multiple processors , or alternatively sit on just one .
it is completely parallel and can intelligently farm bits of itself and applications across [many] processors , or alternatively sit on just one .

Hewlett-Packard Co denies that there is any pressure on it to deliver multiprocessing workstations despite the hype surrounding Sun Microsystems Inc 's latest salvo of desktops and servers , which use multiple SuperSparc micrprocessors .
hewlett-packard co denies that there is any pressure on it to deliver multiprocessing workstations despite the hype surrounding sun microsystems inc 's latest salvo of desktops and servers , which use [many] supersparc micrprocessors .

Differences on the effects of uncertainty and multiple parent figures .
differences on the effects of uncertainty and [many] parent figures .

2 The effects on the child of uncertainty and multiple parent figures
2 the effects on the child of uncertainty and [many] parent figures

Firstly , differences one and two , concerning questions of ( 1 ) the blood tie and the natural family and ( 2 ) the effects of uncertainty and multiple parent figures , seem to be essentially differences relating to conflicting ideas about child psychology .
firstly , differences one and two , concerning questions of ( 1 ) the blood tie and the natural family and ( 2 ) the effects of uncertainty and [many] parent figures , seem to be essentially differences relating to conflicting ideas about child psychology .

It seemed to us that April that we were seeing one of the results of total permissiveness in a rather comely young man and woman , ill-educated , but neither of them stupid , on trial at Chester Assizes for multiple murder .
it seemed to us that april that we were seeing one of the results of total permissiveness in a rather comely young man and woman , ill-educated , but neither of them stupid , on trial at chester assizes for [many] murder .

Since 1983 numbers at the Beacon continued to fall as it was increasingly seen as a resource for children with severe and multiple disabilities .
since 1983 numbers at the beacon continued to fall as it was increasingly seen as a resource for children with severe and [many] disabilities .

not only profoundly mistaken as to the source and nature of the multiple disadvantages experienced by disabled people , but that its propagation , in the context of modern Britain , serves not to combat but to perpetuate the oppression of disabled people . ( Abberley 1989 : 56 )
not only profoundly mistaken as to the source and nature of the [many] disadvantages experienced by disabled people , but that its propagation , in the context of modern britain , serves not to combat but to perpetuate the oppression of disabled people . ( abberley 1989 : 56 )

Detecting them is just the beginning of a process in which only slowly , and with considerable backsliding , one becomes aware of the multiple ways in which they manifest themselves as evasiveness , defensiveness , spikiness , apprehensiveness and so on .
detecting them is just the beginning of a process in which only slowly , and with considerable backsliding , one becomes aware of the [many] ways in which they manifest themselves as evasiveness , defensiveness , spikiness , apprehensiveness and so on .

Another charter originating in Manchester is booked for two Class 37 locomotives working in multiple , bringing enthusiasts to the Gala Day .
another charter originating in manchester is booked for two class 37 locomotives working in [many] , bringing enthusiasts to the gala day .

The brand new two-car Networker Class 456 Electric Multiple Unit recently on exhibition inside the Great Hall at York , has since relinquished its pride of place beside the Channel Tunnel section .
the brand new two-car networker class 456 electric [many] unit recently on exhibition inside the great hall at york , has since relinquished its pride of place beside the channel tunnel section .

She 's got a corking black eye , a nasty gash … ( oops ) on her forehead which requires multiple stitches and has temporarily lost the use of her right arm .
she 's got a corking black eye , a nasty gash … ( oops ) on her forehead which requires [many] stitches and has temporarily lost the use of her right arm .

One example of how she uses her position for the good of the game , and for others , occurred in October when , suffering from a painful wrist injury and against her doctor 's advice , she played an exhibition , not for personal gain , but to raise money for multiple sclerosis .
one example of how she uses her position for the good of the game , and for others , occurred in october when , suffering from a painful wrist injury and against her doctor 's advice , she played an exhibition , not for personal gain , but to raise money for [many] sclerosis .

Sotheby 's continues its cost-cutting format of having multiple lot colour illustrations far distanced from the cataloguing , much to the irritation of buyers who were seen constantly frantically flipping back and forth .
sotheby 's continues its cost-cutting format of having [many] lot colour illustrations far distanced from the cataloguing , much to the irritation of buyers who were seen constantly frantically flipping back and forth .

The steam centre based in the Warwick Road , Birmingham is situated in between the main British Rail diesel multiple unit maintenance depot and re-fuelling sidings , complete with a large car-park for several hundred cars .
the steam centre based in the warwick road , birmingham is situated in between the main british rail diesel [many] unit maintenance depot and re-fuelling sidings , complete with a large car-park for several hundred cars .

For the ‘ Panoramas ’ ( 1983–86 ) , he took multiple shots of a single motif , cut the prints into strips , then combined them to create intriguingly distorted images .
for the ‘ panoramas ’ ( 1983–86 ) , he took [many] shots of a single motif , cut the prints into strips , then combined them to create intriguingly distorted images .

The apparent lack of multiple entry and exit gates on the crowd side of the airfield was bound to cause problems .
the apparent lack of [many] entry and exit gates on the crowd side of the airfield was bound to cause problems .

For the Grammar Test , which also uses a multiple choice format , instruct the students to tick the boxes they think are correct .
for the grammar test , which also uses a [many] choice format , instruct the students to tick the boxes they think are correct .

All the large units are fitted with multiple hosetails in ¾″ 1″ and 1¼″ .
all the large units are fitted with [many] hosetails in ¾″ 1″ and 1¼″ .

It is only where there are additional or multiple handicaps that signing or fingerspelling should be considered , because in these cases there is an identifiable ‘ syndrome ’ preventing language acquisition .
it is only where there are additional or [many] handicaps that signing or fingerspelling should be considered , because in these cases there is an identifiable ‘ syndrome ’ preventing language acquisition .

We regret that we are unable to answer multiple queries that do not comply with these instructions .
we regret that we are unable to answer [many] queries that do not comply with these instructions .

Jesse Owens ' mastery of multiple athletic disciplines is well known and since then the sprint events have become virtually the property of American blacks with figures like Jim Hines in the 1960s , and hurdler Ed Moses in the 1980s , exerting unparalleled supremacy in their respective events .
jesse owens ' mastery of [many] athletic disciplines is well known and since then the sprint events have become virtually the property of american blacks with figures like jim hines in the 1960s , and hurdler ed moses in the 1980s , exerting unparalleled supremacy in their respective events .

Not surprisingly , Ali is chosen by most boxers as the most proto typical figure , though Bunny Johnson cites Jack Johnson and many of the newer recruits to boxing look to Sugar Ray Leonard , the quick-fisted American multiple world champion who blazed his way from an Olympic gold medal at Montreal in 1976 to an estimated 30 million dollars by the end of 1981 .
not surprisingly , ali is chosen by most boxers as the most proto typical figure , though bunny johnson cites jack johnson and many of the newer recruits to boxing look to sugar ray leonard , the quick-fisted american [many] world champion who blazed his way from an olympic gold medal at montreal in 1976 to an estimated 30 million dollars by the end of 1981 .

These Daemonettes have important Chaos attributes — Multiple Arms and Elastic Limbs — which make them dangerous opponents .
these daemonettes have important chaos attributes — [many] arms and elastic limbs — which make them dangerous opponents .

These differences have multiple causes since trade unions are responses of workers to the varying economic and political features of the environments in which they operate .
these differences have [many] causes since trade unions are responses of workers to the varying economic and political features of the environments in which they operate .

However , when the analysis was extended from consideration of only a single variable relationship to a multiple regression model which controlled for other possible influences on strikes , such as unemployment , profits and real wages , it was then found that bargaining structures did not have a statistically significant influence.l '
however , when the analysis was extended from consideration of only a single variable relationship to a [many] regression model which controlled for other possible influences on strikes , such as unemployment , profits and real wages , it was then found that bargaining structures did not have a statistically significant influence.l '

Burton had grown up surrounded by multiple tensions , multiple obligations , multiple loyalties .
burton had grown up surrounded by [many] tensions , [many] obligations , [many] loyalties .

We regret that we are unable to answer multiple queries that do not comply with these instructions .
we regret that we are unable to answer [many] queries that do not comply with these instructions .

The Devil seems to play multiple roles : he is the angel of the pit ( Rev 9:11 ) , the god of this world or this age ( 2 Cor 4:4 ) , the prince of darkness ( Eph 6:12 ) , the prince of this world ( John 12:31 ) , and the dragon ( Rev 12:7 ) .
the devil seems to play [many] roles : he is the angel of the pit ( rev 9:11 ) , the god of this world or this age ( 2 cor 4:4 ) , the prince of darkness ( eph 6:12 ) , the prince of this world ( john 12:31 ) , and the dragon ( rev 12:7 ) .

Such agreements are called multiple agreements .
such agreements are called [many] agreements .

Shop budget account Credit facility from a particular shop , up to a certain ceiling which is a multiple ( say , twenty times ) of fixed monthly payments ( say £5 ) ; interest , at rate which may occasionally be changed , charged on what is owed .
shop budget account credit facility from a particular shop , up to a certain ceiling which is a [many] ( say , twenty times ) of fixed monthly payments ( say £5 ) ; interest , at rate which may occasionally be changed , charged on what is owed .

Multiple use of easier-to-get conventional credit cards could have the effect of removing the present credit limit long-stop defence against overspending , without replacing it by the specially stringent customer vetting process which unlimited credit surely needs .
[many] use of easier-to-get conventional credit cards could have the effect of removing the present credit limit long-stop defence against overspending , without replacing it by the specially stringent customer vetting process which unlimited credit surely needs .

In our view , this effect of multiple credit card use could be a serious adverse result of increasing credit card use .
in our view , this effect of [many] credit card use could be a serious adverse result of increasing credit card use .

We regret that we are unable to answer multiple queries that do not comply with these instructions .
we regret that we are unable to answer [many] queries that do not comply with these instructions .

This may be a lengthy discourse on the ‘ single thread ’ , but it is important to investigate these basics , for when they are known , the multiple interactions , the complexities of the weaving process itself , become far easier to understand .
this may be a lengthy discourse on the ‘ single thread ’ , but it is important to investigate these basics , for when they are known , the [many] interactions , the complexities of the weaving process itself , become far easier to understand .

The exhibition aims to reveal the multiple character of Gris ' Cubist style at different periods in his career , from his earliest collages to works of the late 1920s .
the exhibition aims to reveal the [many] character of gris ' cubist style at different periods in his career , from his earliest collages to works of the late 1920s .

The Ruling Class assumed that any industrial society is composed of multiple social forces , which a stable ruling class must be able to assimilate .
the ruling class assumed that any industrial society is composed of [many] social forces , which a stable ruling class must be able to assimilate .

Pareto and Mosca ransacked history for multiple examples of this ‘ natural ’ cycle in operation , claiming that the accumulated weight of evidence refuted Marxist claims that there could ever be a classless society and liberals ' optimism that power could ever be meaningfully dispersed under popular control by establishing representative government .
pareto and mosca ransacked history for [many] examples of this ‘ natural ’ cycle in operation , claiming that the accumulated weight of evidence refuted marxist claims that there could ever be a classless society and liberals ' optimism that power could ever be meaningfully dispersed under popular control by establishing representative government .

The distinctive emphasis then in all elite theory accounts is on multiple causation in social development — the influence of a diversity of factors such as economic change and property relations , religions and ideological systems , political and military leadership , technological change , environmental or even wholly fortuitous factors .
the distinctive emphasis then in all elite theory accounts is on [many] causation in social development — the influence of a diversity of factors such as economic change and property relations , religions and ideological systems , political and military leadership , technological change , environmental or even wholly fortuitous factors .

Elected governments largely have to work with the nuclear scientists , engineers , surgeons and even the accountants they inherit , implying the domination of individual policy sectors by specialist administrative cadres , and the neglect of issues which span across multiple policy arenas .
elected governments largely have to work with the nuclear scientists , engineers , surgeons and even the accountants they inherit , implying the domination of individual policy sectors by specialist administrative cadres , and the neglect of issues which span across [many] policy arenas .

Elections , strikes , riots , pressure group lobbying , and decisions by law courts continuously serve to adjust state policies to keep them in touch with movements and realignments of multiple class fractions and strata .
elections , strikes , riots , pressure group lobbying , and decisions by law courts continuously serve to adjust state policies to keep them in touch with movements and realignments of [many] class fractions and strata .

The fragmentation of the state apparatus also conveniently diverts the class struggle to multiple fronts .
the fragmentation of the state apparatus also conveniently diverts the class struggle to [many] fronts .

Here then is an explicit recognition of multiple or plural causation , with witchcraft ( or sorcery ) playing a final , and decisive , part .
here then is an explicit recognition of [many] or plural causation , with witchcraft ( or sorcery ) playing a final , and decisive , part .

The force of this interpretation is further strengthened by Mary Douglas 's observation that Lele women who produce twin births are compared to animals , since multiple births are characteristic of animals rather than of humans .
the force of this interpretation is further strengthened by mary douglas 's observation that lele women who produce twin births are compared to animals , since [many] births are characteristic of animals rather than of humans .

Ideas of the parallel between normal multiple birth in animals and abnormal multiple birth in humans are widely distributed , and contribute to the significance of twins in many cultures .
ideas of the parallel between normal [many] birth in animals and abnormal [many] birth in humans are widely distributed , and contribute to the significance of twins in many cultures .

In this context of the numbers of men , the use of weapons and the multiple attacks , it would be unlikely that a conviction would not have occurred , even without the racial theme .
in this context of the numbers of men , the use of weapons and the [many] attacks , it would be unlikely that a conviction would not have occurred , even without the racial theme .

Despite multiple accused , the woman 's prior sexual experience is used to disqualify her claims that she was raped .
despite [many] accused , the woman 's prior sexual experience is used to disqualify her claims that she was raped .

Slight variations in the implementations will occur because of differences in hardware construction — there is no standard method for configuring multiple Intel processors in a system for example — and the need for a range of device drivers .
slight variations in the implementations will occur because of differences in hardware construction — there is no standard method for configuring [many] intel processors in a system for example — and the need for a range of device drivers .

The companies said Kalpana-designed EtherSwitch technology can multiply Sun 's server-to-server and server-to-network capacity by providing multiple dedicated 10Mbps connections to each Sun server or workgroup .
the companies said kalpana-designed etherswitch technology can multiply sun 's server-to-server and server-to-network capacity by providing [many] dedicated 10mbps connections to each sun server or workgroup .

Hodgkin 's disease , non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma ( other than primary brain lymphoma ) , lymphocytic leukaemia , multiple myeloma , or another cancer of lymphoreticular or histiocytic tissue , or angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy , diagnosed before or within three months after diagnosis of the indicator disease .
hodgkin 's disease , non-hodgkin 's lymphoma ( other than primary brain lymphoma ) , lymphocytic leukaemia , [many] myeloma , or another cancer of lymphoreticular or histiocytic tissue , or angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy , diagnosed before or within three months after diagnosis of the indicator disease .

Multiple or recurrent bacterial infections ( any combination of > 2 within a two year period ) of the following types in a child < 13 years of age : septicaemia , pneumonia , meningitis , bone or joint infection , or abscess of an internal organ or body cavity ( excluding otitis media or superficial skin or mucosal abscesses ) , caused by Haemophilus , Streptococcus ( including pneumococcus ) , or other pyogenic bacteria .
[many] or recurrent bacterial infections ( any combination of > 2 within a two year period ) of the following types in a child < 13 years of age : septicaemia , pneumonia , meningitis , bone or joint infection , or abscess of an internal organ or body cavity ( excluding otitis media or superficial skin or mucosal abscesses ) , caused by haemophilus , streptococcus ( including pneumococcus ) , or other pyogenic bacteria .

But over that weekend , diesels did not have it all to themselves as the unique two coach Battery Electric Multiple Unit was diagrammed for three return trips .
but over that weekend , diesels did not have it all to themselves as the unique two coach battery electric [many] unit was diagrammed for three return trips .

( The general guidance on environment and the implications of visual handicap described in this book are relevant to the needs of pupils with multiple handicap that includes defective vision .
( the general guidance on environment and the implications of visual handicap described in this book are relevant to the needs of pupils with [many] handicap that includes defective vision .

In November 1990 , a man convicted of multiple rape and murder became the first person in Tunisia to be executed since the President came to power in 1987 .
in november 1990 , a man convicted of [many] rape and murder became the first person in tunisia to be executed since the president came to power in 1987 .

The freezers filled up again , and the commercial sectors of the warren glittered and blazed ; though under the multiple roofs arranged like bumpy plates of armour , many other areas remained in darkness , the only light the sick green pallor of the phosphorescent things that grew on the walls in there .
the freezers filled up again , and the commercial sectors of the warren glittered and blazed ; though under the [many] roofs arranged like bumpy plates of armour , many other areas remained in darkness , the only light the sick green pallor of the phosphorescent things that grew on the walls in there .

Some people feel it as no more irritating than the sting of a nettle , and have survived multiple stings ; others , who are allergic to the venom , may experience unpleasant effects or worse from a single sting .
some people feel it as no more irritating than the sting of a nettle , and have survived [many] stings ; others , who are allergic to the venom , may experience unpleasant effects or worse from a single sting .

Some few still showed the tell-tale signs of multiple occupation , dishevelled lawns , peeling paint and drawn secretive curtains .
some few still showed the tell-tale signs of [many] occupation , dishevelled lawns , peeling paint and drawn secretive curtains .

The remainder of such ‘ long-stayers ’ are either those who simply have nowhere suitable to live where they can be adequately supervised or those who suffer from multiple physical and mental disabilities as a result of an accident or brain disease .
the remainder of such ‘ long-stayers ’ are either those who simply have nowhere suitable to live where they can be adequately supervised or those who suffer from [many] physical and mental disabilities as a result of an accident or brain disease .

Mental health services and indeed all ‘ human care ’ services could learn a lot from the more successful service businesses on how to maintain quality of services in multiple remote locations .
mental health services and indeed all ‘ human care ’ services could learn a lot from the more successful service businesses on how to maintain quality of services in [many] remote locations .

As services move to multiple locations in the community , the need for a unified approach to establishing and monitoring standards on a national scale becomes even more pressing .
as services move to [many] locations in the community , the need for a unified approach to establishing and monitoring standards on a national scale becomes even more pressing .

The commonest drug problem encountered by specialist services is multiple drug use ; a person may be using alcohol , tobacco , cannabis , hard drugs and ‘ pills ’ .
the commonest drug problem encountered by specialist services is [many] drug use ; a person may be using alcohol , tobacco , cannabis , hard drugs and ‘ pills ’ .

For example , Miller and Luloff ( 1981 ) used factor analysis to argue that a rural culture still exists in America , and used multiple discriminant analysis to suggest that although residence and occupation are correlated with a rural culture , more central variables could be place of residence at the age of 16 , along with several personal demographic features such as religion , income and age .
for example , miller and luloff ( 1981 ) used factor analysis to argue that a rural culture still exists in america , and used [many] discriminant analysis to suggest that although residence and occupation are correlated with a rural culture , more central variables could be place of residence at the age of 16 , along with several personal demographic features such as religion , income and age .

The two most likely services to trigger a process of decline are the post office , which often acts as a multiple service facility ( Taylor and Emerson , 1981 ) , and the primary school , which is not only a central feature of the community but also a vital ingredient in retaining a young and active population ( Jones , 1980 ) .
the two most likely services to trigger a process of decline are the post office , which often acts as a [many] service facility ( taylor and emerson , 1981 ) , and the primary school , which is not only a central feature of the community but also a vital ingredient in retaining a young and active population ( jones , 1980 ) .

For example , Everett ( 1978 ) used multiple regression analysis to analyse 2,816 questionnaires concerning people 's wildlife preferences , and found that these were positively related to the number of colours and brightness of different species .
for example , everett ( 1978 ) used [many] regression analysis to analyse 2,816 questionnaires concerning people 's wildlife preferences , and found that these were positively related to the number of colours and brightness of different species .

Multiple purposes of any trip ( not just to visit one site ) ;
[many] purposes of any trip ( not just to visit one site ) ;

Another variable to be considered , as already pointed out , would be social characteristics , and Settle ( 1980 ) has used both multiple regression analysis and the so-called ‘ linear logistic model ’ to produce a close fit between sex , car licences and age , and the number of anglers . This is not the only model to produce a close fit and in conclusion it seems that Lavery 's ( 1975 , 198 ) assessment of the use of models in forecasting recreation demand is still very relevant for the mid to late 1980s :
another variable to be considered , as already pointed out , would be social characteristics , and settle ( 1980 ) has used both [many] regression analysis and the so-called ‘ linear logistic model ’ to produce a close fit between sex , car licences and age , and the number of anglers . this is not the only model to produce a close fit and in conclusion it seems that lavery 's ( 1975 , 198 ) assessment of the use of models in forecasting recreation demand is still very relevant for the mid to late 1980s :

In the first and most quoted example of the genre , the Coventry-Solihull-Warwickshire study ( 1971 ) set the mould by using multiple regression analysis as shown in Figure 8.6 .
in the first and most quoted example of the genre , the coventry-solihull-warwickshire study ( 1971 ) set the mould by using [many] regression analysis as shown in figure 8.6 .

The issuance of multiple copies was thus intended to assure that the consignee received at least one .
the issuance of [many] copies was thus intended to assure that the consignee received at least one .

Multiple copies also enabled the consignor , the consignee , or the consignor 's assigns to claim a breach of the carrier 's duty of safe carriage and to lodge a claim against the cargo insurers .
[many] copies also enabled the consignor , the consignee , or the consignor 's assigns to claim a breach of the carrier 's duty of safe carriage and to lodge a claim against the cargo insurers .

At the same time , however , the practice of issuing multiple originals gave rise to the problem of choosing among the rights of multiple holders .
at the same time , however , the practice of issuing [many] originals gave rise to the problem of choosing among the rights of [many] holders .

’ These freight forwarders frequently act either as carriers in their own right when they consolidate multiple shippers ' cargo and hire space on the vessel or vessels involved in the maritime leg of the journey .
’ these freight forwarders frequently act either as carriers in their own right when they consolidate [many] shippers ' cargo and hire space on the vessel or vessels involved in the maritime leg of the journey .

In an attempt to avoid multiple transfers of the same bill , the private key itself is rendered non-transferable .
in an attempt to avoid [many] transfers of the same bill , the private key itself is rendered non-transferable .

Increasingly they are grouping themselves into multiple retail chains , as can be seen from Table 11.10 .
increasingly they are grouping themselves into [many] retail chains , as can be seen from table 11.10 .

The change is marked by improved technique , introduction of new and tauter pot-shapes , and the replacement of old decorative motives , derived from naturalistic floral and marine designs of the earlier age , by purely abstract drawing : triangles and other rectilinear forms , hatched or crosshatched , and especially concentric circles or semicircles drawn with compass and multiple brush .
the change is marked by improved technique , introduction of new and tauter pot-shapes , and the replacement of old decorative motives , derived from naturalistic floral and marine designs of the earlier age , by purely abstract drawing : triangles and other rectilinear forms , hatched or crosshatched , and especially concentric circles or semicircles drawn with compass and [many] brush .

Such areas of high unemployment also tend to have below-average numbers of households with two or more wage-earners and disproportionately large numbers with low earnings , while they also score highly on ‘ multiple deprivation ’ indices based on measures such as educational attainment , life expectancy , ethnic composition and household structure ( Donnison and Soto , 1980 ; Begg and Eversley , 1986 ) .
such areas of high unemployment also tend to have below-average numbers of households with two or more wage-earners and disproportionately large numbers with low earnings , while they also score highly on ‘ [many] deprivation ’ indices based on measures such as educational attainment , life expectancy , ethnic composition and household structure ( donnison and soto , 1980 ; begg and eversley , 1986 ) .

Multiple deprivation is therefore treated as being strictly additive , which is questionable .
[many] deprivation is therefore treated as being strictly additive , which is questionable .

Next , real multiple shops , some even selling furniture .
next , real [many] shops , some even selling furniture .

It is the least mechanised of our farming scenery , the least efficient and the most resistant to change because of the multiple ownership and the often rented holdings .
it is the least mechanised of our farming scenery , the least efficient and the most resistant to change because of the [many] ownership and the often rented holdings .

Education law is open to multiple interpretations which translate to lack of consistency in approaches to educating deaf people .
education law is open to [many] interpretations which translate to lack of consistency in approaches to educating deaf people .

The third study ( in progress ) is examining the experiences of people with a wide variety of physical impairments or disabling illnesses , including diabetes , polio , multiple sclerosis , scoliosis , Parkinson 's disease , muscular dystrophy and various forms of arthritis .
the third study ( in progress ) is examining the experiences of people with a wide variety of physical impairments or disabling illnesses , including diabetes , polio , [many] sclerosis , scoliosis , parkinson 's disease , muscular dystrophy and various forms of arthritis .

For some , such deterioration may be increasingly progressive rather than gradual , while others ( for example people with multiple sclerosis or Parkinson 's disease ) may also experience fluctuations between periods of deterioration and stability .
for some , such deterioration may be increasingly progressive rather than gradual , while others ( for example people with [many] sclerosis or parkinson 's disease ) may also experience fluctuations between periods of deterioration and stability .

Class and gender are also seen as important dimensions of inequality in addition to race and age ; the cumulative effect of these factors has , in turn , led to consideration of triple or ‘ multiple ’ jeopardies in describing the experience of different subgroups , particularly within the black population ( Norman , 1985 ) .
class and gender are also seen as important dimensions of inequality in addition to race and age ; the cumulative effect of these factors has , in turn , led to consideration of triple or ‘ [many] ’ jeopardies in describing the experience of different subgroups , particularly within the black population ( norman , 1985 ) .

If pushed too far , there is a danger that characterising people 's experiences in terms of multiple jeopardies may only serve to marginalise their experiences even further and divert attention from common concerns and issues .
if pushed too far , there is a danger that characterising people 's experiences in terms of [many] jeopardies may only serve to marginalise their experiences even further and divert attention from common concerns and issues .

People with progressively severe impairments , due to illness such as multiple sclerosis or rheumatoid arthritis , must constantly cope with new problems .
people with progressively severe impairments , due to illness such as [many] sclerosis or rheumatoid arthritis , must constantly cope with new problems .

Asthma , multiple sclerosis , osteoarthritis or Parkinson 's disease , for example , each carry their own set of implications for disabled living , and yet , of course , this is only part of the picture .
asthma , [many] sclerosis , osteoarthritis or parkinson 's disease , for example , each carry their own set of implications for disabled living , and yet , of course , this is only part of the picture .

She certainly did n't like the idea of multiple rape .
she certainly did n't like the idea of [many] rape .

Although the difference is less marked for multiple record buckets , it is still significant .
although the difference is less marked for [many] record buckets , it is still significant .

( This applies in just the same way if records are being randomized to multiple records buckets .
( this applies in just the same way if records are being randomized to [many] records buckets .

The straightforward method of handling the examination of multiple keys is to hold all the keys in the record , as in Fig .
the straightforward method of handling the examination of [many] keys is to hold all the keys in the record , as in fig .

However , it indicates how very complicated multiple conditions can be built up in the creation of user profiles for information retrieval systems .
however , it indicates how very complicated [many] conditions can be built up in the creation of user profiles for information retrieval systems .

Serial or inverted files specifically designed for the retrieval of records on the basis of the values of multiple keys are a useful tool for the file designer .
serial or inverted files specifically designed for the retrieval of records on the basis of the values of [many] keys are a useful tool for the file designer .

This emerges clearly in Lipset 's treatment of the specific institutional arrangements and procedures which are conducive to legitimacy : cross-pressures ; widespread and multiple membership in voluntary associations ; the two-party system ; federalism , territorial rather than proportional representation .
this emerges clearly in lipset 's treatment of the specific institutional arrangements and procedures which are conducive to legitimacy : cross-pressures ; widespread and [many] membership in voluntary associations ; the two-party system ; federalism , territorial rather than proportional representation .

In a modern legal system where there are a variety of ‘ sources ’ of law , the rule of recognition is … complex : the criteria for identifying the law are multiple and commonly include a written constitution , enactment by a legislature , and judicial precedents .
in a modern legal system where there are a variety of ‘ sources ’ of law , the rule of recognition is … complex : the criteria for identifying the law are [many] and commonly include a written constitution , enactment by a legislature , and judicial precedents .

The production of multiple copies of the same material , such as parts for a church choir , is specifically banned by the Act .
the production of [many] copies of the same material , such as parts for a church choir , is specifically banned by the act .

Thus , a person may be conscious of , for example , family and friendship relationships , or membership of institutional groups , but he/she is not fully aware at any point of the multiple web of ( mainly informal ) relationships that constitute a ‘ social network ’ .
thus , a person may be conscious of , for example , family and friendship relationships , or membership of institutional groups , but he/she is not fully aware at any point of the [many] web of ( mainly informal ) relationships that constitute a ‘ social network ’ .

Indeed , such is the complexity of behaviour in organizations , its multiple layerings and non-rational features that the dominant stress on structure was both theoretically unfounded and , in an increasingly unstable environment , potentially damaging in practice .
indeed , such is the complexity of behaviour in organizations , its [many] layerings and non-rational features that the dominant stress on structure was both theoretically unfounded and , in an increasingly unstable environment , potentially damaging in practice .

Since bonuses hinge on overall corporate performance and wage increases take into account group performance , the ability to share information , and the development of multiple skills , there are very strong incentives for interaction and cooperation .
since bonuses hinge on overall corporate performance and wage increases take into account group performance , the ability to share information , and the development of [many] skills , there are very strong incentives for interaction and cooperation .

Moreover , the subtle semantic shifts of the speaker 's ‘ we ’ showed that membership of multiple ‘ we 's ’ created no bewilderment , or ‘ crisis of identity ’ , to use a psychological term .
moreover , the subtle semantic shifts of the speaker 's ‘ we ’ showed that membership of [many] ‘ we 's ’ created no bewilderment , or ‘ crisis of identity ’ , to use a psychological term .

There have emerged at different times a number of theories of social psychology or sociology which provide versions of what Schultz ( 1970 : 245–62 ) termed multiple realities .
there have emerged at different times a number of theories of social psychology or sociology which provide versions of what schultz ( 1970 : 245–62 ) termed [many] realities .

Many users act in multiple roles .
many users act in [many] roles .

Firstly , just as recent theories of the mind suggest there is not one but multiple kinds of intelligence ( Gardner , 1983 ) , so too the notion of vision seems to involve a variety of mental capacities , what can be called visionary style .
firstly , just as recent theories of the mind suggest there is not one but [many] kinds of intelligence ( gardner , 1983 ) , so too the notion of vision seems to involve a variety of mental capacities , what can be called visionary style .

Multiple , rather than single , sponsors and backers make the difference .
[many] , rather than single , sponsors and backers make the difference .

Multiple meetings , among parties with differing agendas and often conflicting needs , are also a source of stress and ‘ interaction fatigue , ’ as well as time-expensive .
[many] meetings , among parties with differing agendas and often conflicting needs , are also a source of stress and ‘ interaction fatigue , ’ as well as time-expensive .

Committees and complex , multiple reporting relationships , which are necessary , can get out of hand .
committees and complex , [many] reporting relationships , which are necessary , can get out of hand .

Sewstern Lane is a fine example of part of a multiple road system .
sewstern lane is a fine example of part of a [many] road system .

The second tendency is what used to be called Black nationalism but is now fragmented into multiple varieties , each with its own claim to ethnic particularity .
the second tendency is what used to be called black nationalism but is now fragmented into [many] varieties , each with its own claim to ethnic particularity .

Those people whose first job on leaving unemployment was a `` temporary `` one were more likely to suffer multiple spells of unemployment , to hold many jobs , to experience a longer time in unemployment and a shorter time in employment over the 20 months following their initial registration than those whose first job was a `` permanent `` one [ see Tables 4.3.5 ] .
those people whose first job on leaving unemployment was a `` temporary `` one were more likely to suffer [many] spells of unemployment , to hold many jobs , to experience a longer time in unemployment and a shorter time in employment over the 20 months following their initial registration than those whose first job was a `` permanent `` one [ see tables 4.3.5 ] .

To enable the data base to handle this multiple tree state a connector record must be established in addition to the element records .
to enable the data base to handle this [many] tree state a connector record must be established in addition to the element records .

Multiple drawings can be inserted in order that alternative arrangements may be considered and compared .
[many] drawings can be inserted in order that alternative arrangements may be considered and compared .

Systems with Multiple Positional and Rotational States
systems with [many] positional and rotational states

Because certain textbooks are in great demand , colleges often set aside a student reading room in which are placed multiple copies of textbooks that have been recommended by the lecturers .
because certain textbooks are in great demand , colleges often set aside a student reading room in which are placed [many] copies of textbooks that have been recommended by the lecturers .

Find the lowest common multiple of :
find the lowest common [many] of :

The examples we have seen include multiple choice and true/false questions , gap-filling tasks , re-ordering jumbled sentences , filling in information on worksheets .
the examples we have seen include [many] choice and true/false questions , gap-filling tasks , re-ordering jumbled sentences , filling in information on worksheets .

They frequently show multiple rows of `` teeth `` within their shells-see below .
they frequently show [many] rows of `` teeth `` within their shells-see below .

The effect is multiple .
the effect is [many] .

Multiple Images / Split Screen
[many] images / split screen

If zoom shots have dated , multiple images and split-screen effects have long disappeared from regular use .
if zoom shots have dated , [many] images and split-screen effects have long disappeared from regular use .

While in theory multiple images would seem to be a way of enriching the screen 's information , in practice it was usually just distracting and slowed down the narrative speed .
while in theory [many] images would seem to be a way of enriching the screen 's information , in practice it was usually just distracting and slowed down the narrative speed .

Multiple passes through the camera increase the difficulty of exact placing and synchronization , which is why two or four projectors are often preferable While the projectors can be used in line , with the light of one lamp passing through two or more strips of developed and printed film , so that the first image goes through the second before hitting the unexposed film , the use of four rather than two projectors generally requires the use of a prism to bring the beam of light to the camera lens .
[many] passes through the camera increase the difficulty of exact placing and synchronization , which is why two or four projectors are often preferable while the projectors can be used in line , with the light of one lamp passing through two or more strips of developed and printed film , so that the first image goes through the second before hitting the unexposed film , the use of four rather than two projectors generally requires the use of a prism to bring the beam of light to the camera lens .

If the two pairs of projectors are in line , the intention is not usually a multi-image effect In fact , it s likely that the two projectors nearer to the camera will not contain so much an image as an image-blocker , ie a mask or matte that blocks out part of the image behind it Since the two mattes will normally be complementary , and the combined image can be seen by inspection through the camera 's viewfinder , any faults , such as overlaps or gaps , should be observed at the time and , if possible , corrected on a second , third or fourth take This is more economical and satisfactory than getting the results of multiple passes back from the lab and discovering that a whole day 's work has to be redone .
if the two pairs of projectors are in line , the intention is not usually a multi-image effect in fact , it s likely that the two projectors nearer to the camera will not contain so much an image as an image-blocker , ie a mask or matte that blocks out part of the image behind it since the two mattes will normally be complementary , and the combined image can be seen by inspection through the camera 's viewfinder , any faults , such as overlaps or gaps , should be observed at the time and , if possible , corrected on a second , third or fourth take this is more economical and satisfactory than getting the results of [many] passes back from the lab and discovering that a whole day 's work has to be redone .

( Botticker had similarly gone through multiple plate glass windows — real glass , in fact , primed with explosive charges , not plastic ones — with no more than a cut or two and a designer-plaster . )
( botticker had similarly gone through [many] plate glass windows — real glass , in fact , primed with explosive charges , not plastic ones — with no more than a cut or two and a designer-plaster . )

Even her first husband she had regained from that dreadful hinterland of marsh and bog and storm cloud : and now they were good friends , she and Edgar , in the sunlight , harmlessly friends , and on some subjects ( the National Health Service , the pathology of multiple murderers , the ethics of reporting violent crime ) had struck up alliances that excluded , that increasingly and dramatically excluded , her husband Charles .
even her first husband she had regained from that dreadful hinterland of marsh and bog and storm cloud : and now they were good friends , she and edgar , in the sunlight , harmlessly friends , and on some subjects ( the national health service , the pathology of [many] murderers , the ethics of reporting violent crime ) had struck up alliances that excluded , that increasingly and dramatically excluded , her husband charles .

Within any one cell of an organism , it is likely that components of the pathway are used to detect multiple signals , Ras acting as a kind of turnstile through which the signals must pass .
within any one cell of an organism , it is likely that components of the pathway are used to detect [many] signals , ras acting as a kind of turnstile through which the signals must pass .

This would seem to run counter to the idea that receptor activation initiates a cascade of diverging biochemical pathways that conspire to produce an effect ( cell division , in this case ) ; and it seems to require that multiple kinases phosphorylate a small number of substrates , which , in turn , feed signals into a smaller number of Ras activators .
this would seem to run counter to the idea that receptor activation initiates a cascade of diverging biochemical pathways that conspire to produce an effect ( cell division , in this case ) ; and it seems to require that [many] kinases phosphorylate a small number of substrates , which , in turn , feed signals into a smaller number of ras activators .

Our model , although it requires more than one site of learning , accounts for data from multiple laboratories and reconciles observations that had been thought previously to be contradictory .
our model , although it requires more than one site of learning , accounts for data from [many] laboratories and reconciles observations that had been thought previously to be contradictory .

Furthermore , in many more isolated and smaller settlements a wife may be unable to work regularly owing to a lack of jobs or transport ; therefore the total mortgage that a would-be home buyer can obtain will be based on a multiple of the husband 's income alone .
furthermore , in many more isolated and smaller settlements a wife may be unable to work regularly owing to a lack of jobs or transport ; therefore the total mortgage that a would-be home buyer can obtain will be based on a [many] of the husband 's income alone .

These plans have tended to emphasize multiple land use management so that recreation , conservation and the needs of the local community can be met ( Hookway 1978 ) .
these plans have tended to emphasize [many] land use management so that recreation , conservation and the needs of the local community can be met ( hookway 1978 ) .

In other words , the fact that the author is absent when his message is received , unavailable for interrogation , lays the message , or text , open to multiple , indeed infinite interpretation .
in other words , the fact that the author is absent when his message is received , unavailable for interrogation , lays the message , or text , open to [many] , indeed infinite interpretation .

Composers , performers and other productive agents are not either wholly ‘ manipulated ’ or wholly ‘ critical ’ and ‘ free ’ ; their subjectivity — or the positions being continually constructed for that subjectivity — is traversed by a multitude of different , often conflicting lines of social influence , bringing them into multiple , often overlapping identities and collectivities .
composers , performers and other productive agents are not either wholly ‘ manipulated ’ or wholly ‘ critical ’ and ‘ free ’ ; their subjectivity — or the positions being continually constructed for that subjectivity — is traversed by a multitude of different , often conflicting lines of social influence , bringing them into [many] , often overlapping identities and collectivities .

Indeed , as Shepherd points out , the developments that took place in post-Renaissance Western music would have been impossible without music notation , with its propensity for large-scale , visually organized construction , abstraction of symbol from sound , co-ordination of multiple events and voices ( through bar-lines , for instance ) , and ‘ spatialized ’ chord structures and progressions .
indeed , as shepherd points out , the developments that took place in post-renaissance western music would have been impossible without music notation , with its propensity for large-scale , visually organized construction , abstraction of symbol from sound , co-ordination of [many] events and voices ( through bar-lines , for instance ) , and ‘ spatialized ’ chord structures and progressions .

As a result of these multiple features in the attempt to implement the Selsdon programme the government was forced away from its original ‘ free market ’ radicalism into what Middlemass ( 1979 ) has called the ‘ politics of crisis avoidance ’ .
as a result of these [many] features in the attempt to implement the selsdon programme the government was forced away from its original ‘ free market ’ radicalism into what middlemass ( 1979 ) has called the ‘ politics of crisis avoidance ’ .

But while biomorphic forms are widespread in Surrealist painting and sculpture produced by either sex , in the paintings of Agar , Colquhoun or the Danish artist Rita Kernn-Larsen , the shapes manage to have multiple readings and echoes in the rest of the natural world , while also leaving no doubt as to their true origins .
but while biomorphic forms are widespread in surrealist painting and sculpture produced by either sex , in the paintings of agar , colquhoun or the danish artist rita kernn-larsen , the shapes manage to have [many] readings and echoes in the rest of the natural world , while also leaving no doubt as to their true origins .

In works such as ‘ Scylla ’ Colquhoun 's use of the female body as a means to escape rather than emphasise sexual distinctions foreshadows the work of artists such as Helen Chadwick and Cindy Sherman who emphasise the multiple , uncategorisable self .
in works such as ‘ scylla ’ colquhoun 's use of the female body as a means to escape rather than emphasise sexual distinctions foreshadows the work of artists such as helen chadwick and cindy sherman who emphasise the [many] , uncategorisable self .

The liberals of Cadiz were not primarily concerned with a socially desirable redistribution of landed property but rather with the establishment of clear and absolute property rights — the Roman Law notion of jus utendi et abutendi as against the medieval confusions of multiple claims to enjoy the use of the same piece of property .
the liberals of cadiz were not primarily concerned with a socially desirable redistribution of landed property but rather with the establishment of clear and absolute property rights — the roman law notion of jus utendi et abutendi as against the medieval confusions of [many] claims to enjoy the use of the same piece of property .

Ashworth suggests that the three main tasks for such a body would be , firstly , to establish a coherent set of sentencing aims and principles ; secondly , to review and reduce sentencing levels for the offences most frequently encountered ; and thirdly , to devise a set of general principles which could be used to assist courts in exercising their discretion when dealing with such problems as persistent or multiple offenders , or those in breach of existing court orders .
ashworth suggests that the three main tasks for such a body would be , firstly , to establish a coherent set of sentencing aims and principles ; secondly , to review and reduce sentencing levels for the offences most frequently encountered ; and thirdly , to devise a set of general principles which could be used to assist courts in exercising their discretion when dealing with such problems as persistent or [many] offenders , or those in breach of existing court orders .

On the one hand , refusal to admit the jus tertii allows recovery by a plaintiff who may have himself wrongfully dispossessed the true owner and also exposes the wrongdoer to the risk of multiple liability .
on the one hand , refusal to admit the jus tertii allows recovery by a plaintiff who may have himself wrongfully dispossessed the true owner and also exposes the wrongdoer to the risk of [many] liability .

But just as the policy determinants of welfare are multiple , and sometimes unexpected , so individuals ' welfare is influenced by phenomena that have nothing to do with the activity of the state .
but just as the policy determinants of welfare are [many] , and sometimes unexpected , so individuals ' welfare is influenced by phenomena that have nothing to do with the activity of the state .

The largest groups of persons registered as suffering from general handicap are those who suffer from organic nervous diseases , which include polio , multiple sclerosis , epilepsy , and so on .
the largest groups of persons registered as suffering from general handicap are those who suffer from organic nervous diseases , which include polio , [many] sclerosis , epilepsy , and so on .

It can be argued , however , that neither a reformed employers ’ pension system , nor the new personal pension arrangements , are likely to guarantee an adequate income in old age for anyone ( male or female ) with a discontinuous employment record and/or a history of multiple job changes .
it can be argued , however , that neither a reformed employers ’ pension system , nor the new personal pension arrangements , are likely to guarantee an adequate income in old age for anyone ( male or female ) with a discontinuous employment record and/or a history of [many] job changes .

It 's so much easier to manage complex data relationships with multiple windowed screens and point-and-shoot selection , for instance .
it 's so much easier to manage complex data relationships with [many] windowed screens and point-and-shoot selection , for instance .

Imagine how much more critical performance will be for industrial-strength applications involving multiple linked files with customized applications on top .
imagine how much more critical performance will be for industrial-strength applications involving [many] linked files with customized applications on top .

Yes , you can now have multiple , resizable , overlapping windows on the desktop , and these windows have scroll bars so you can see all their contents .
yes , you can now have [many] , resizable , overlapping windows on the desktop , and these windows have scroll bars so you can see all their contents .

There 's also support for multiple columns , although you ca n't see more than one column at a time unless you 're in Page Preview mode .
there 's also support for [many] columns , although you ca n't see more than one column at a time unless you 're in page preview mode .

The poverty index is the ratio of the total income of the household and a multiple of the total income necessary to maintain a family with given characteristics on a nutritionally adequate food plan .
the poverty index is the ratio of the total income of the household and a [many] of the total income necessary to maintain a family with given characteristics on a nutritionally adequate food plan .

The extracellular portions are characterised by the presence of at least one , and usually multiple , immunoglobulin-like domains .
the extracellular portions are characterised by the presence of at least one , and usually [many] , immunoglobulin-like domains .

Indeed , a report by a working group of the National Medical Consultative Committee in 1989 saw ‘ merit in the development in Scotland of the concept of inpatient care based on a ‘ mental health campus ’ ’ which would include units for assessment and short term care , medium to long term care , and special facilities for adults with behavioural problems due to brain damage combined with multiple physical disabilities .
indeed , a report by a working group of the national medical consultative committee in 1989 saw ‘ merit in the development in scotland of the concept of inpatient care based on a ‘ mental health campus ’ ’ which would include units for assessment and short term care , medium to long term care , and special facilities for adults with behavioural problems due to brain damage combined with [many] physical disabilities .

Obesity is common among multiparous women but this may indicate that weight gain is the result of multiple pregnancies rather than a prerequisite for conception .
obesity is common among multiparous women but this may indicate that weight gain is the result of [many] pregnancies rather than a prerequisite for conception .

The registry has four main sources of information : practically all deliveries take place in hospital , and obstetricians report congenital abnormalities diagnosed at birth ; paediatricians report malformed babies seen at inpatient and outpatient paediatric clinics ; necropsy is obligatory in case of infant death and when the infant has a congenital abnormality pathologists send the autopsy report to the Hungarian congenital abnormality registry ; the five prenatal diagnosis centres report congenital abnormalities in fetuses aborted after prenatal diagnosis of fetal defect — all diagnoses are checked , and abnormalities are classified as either isolated or multiple because of their different aetiologies .
the registry has four main sources of information : practically all deliveries take place in hospital , and obstetricians report congenital abnormalities diagnosed at birth ; paediatricians report malformed babies seen at inpatient and outpatient paediatric clinics ; necropsy is obligatory in case of infant death and when the infant has a congenital abnormality pathologists send the autopsy report to the hungarian congenital abnormality registry ; the five prenatal diagnosis centres report congenital abnormalities in fetuses aborted after prenatal diagnosis of fetal defect — all diagnoses are checked , and abnormalities are classified as either isolated or [many] because of their different aetiologies .

In the 1980s our work concentrated on multiple congenital abnormalities .
in the 1980s our work concentrated on [many] congenital abnormalities .

Although there are many other causes of coprolalia , the essential diagnostic criteria for the diagnosis of Tourette 's syndrome is the onset , before the age of 21 , of multiple motor and one or more vocal tics , which have recurred frequently and persisted for more than a year .
although there are many other causes of coprolalia , the essential diagnostic criteria for the diagnosis of tourette 's syndrome is the onset , before the age of 21 , of [many] motor and one or more vocal tics , which have recurred frequently and persisted for more than a year .

Simkin 's failure to document even one solitary motor tic during Mozart 's childhood and youth , let alone multiple recurrent motor tics before the age of 21 , excludes the diagnosis of Tourette 's syndrome from further consideration .
simkin 's failure to document even one solitary motor tic during mozart 's childhood and youth , let alone [many] recurrent motor tics before the age of 21 , excludes the diagnosis of tourette 's syndrome from further consideration .

Patients who may benefit most include those who have multiple cardiac risk factors , a low exercise capacity , are slow to adjust psychologically to a new lifestyle , or have had recent cardiac surgery .
patients who may benefit most include those who have [many] cardiac risk factors , a low exercise capacity , are slow to adjust psychologically to a new lifestyle , or have had recent cardiac surgery .

There can be concern in a study of this type that multiple testing may have resulted in certain conclusions being due to chance findings .
there can be concern in a study of this type that [many] testing may have resulted in certain conclusions being due to chance findings .

Another risk factor for cervical neoplasia is sexual behaviour : a woman 's having intercourse before the age of 17 was the most powerfully discriminating variable in nearly all the studies where this has been investigated , and a history of multiple sexual partners is an important supporting variable .
another risk factor for cervical neoplasia is sexual behaviour : a woman 's having intercourse before the age of 17 was the most powerfully discriminating variable in nearly all the studies where this has been investigated , and a history of [many] sexual partners is an important supporting variable .

Considerable advances have been made in the assessment of knowledge and clinical skills — for example , multiple choice questions and objective structured clinical examinations .
considerable advances have been made in the assessment of knowledge and clinical skills — for example , [many] choice questions and objective structured clinical examinations .

It is a huge step from these uses to the recording of all embracing clinical descriptions for multiple purposes .
it is a huge step from these uses to the recording of all embracing clinical descriptions for [many] purposes .

Among modifiable factors only access to a dietitian and an interested general practitioner featured significantly in the final multiple regression analysis .
among modifiable factors only access to a dietitian and an interested general practitioner featured significantly in the final [many] regression analysis .

No adjustment was made for multiple tests of significance .
no adjustment was made for [many] tests of significance .

Individual signs and symptoms that seemed useful in the χ 2 analyses were evaluated for their independent ability to predict hypoxaemia with a multiple logistic regression technique .
individual signs and symptoms that seemed useful in the χ 2 analyses were evaluated for their independent ability to predict hypoxaemia with a [many] logistic regression technique .

With multiple logistic regression a mother 's report of ‘ blueness ’ was the best predictor for hypoxaemia in the newborn infants , with an accuracy of 62 % .
with [many] logistic regression a mother 's report of ‘ blueness ’ was the best predictor for hypoxaemia in the newborn infants , with an accuracy of 62 % .

Information about children under 5 years old living in the study area who had leukaemia or non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma diagnosed between 1972 and 1989 was ascertained from multiple sources .
information about children under 5 years old living in the study area who had leukaemia or non-hodgkin 's lymphoma diagnosed between 1972 and 1989 was ascertained from [many] sources .

Cases were ascertained from multiple sources , and it is doubtful that any were missed , although we can not be certain .
cases were ascertained from [many] sources , and it is doubtful that any were missed , although we can not be certain .

Shared care did not contribute to the multiple linear regression model .
shared care did not contribute to the [many] linear regression model .

Though all doctors recognise the associated clinical signs of fever and hyperdynamic circulation , few people appreciate that although infection is the commonest cause of sepsis , infection is not necessary to maintain this clinical state ; most patients with multiple organ failure die with advanced signs of sepsis but no bacteriological evidence of infection .
though all doctors recognise the associated clinical signs of fever and hyperdynamic circulation , few people appreciate that although infection is the commonest cause of sepsis , infection is not necessary to maintain this clinical state ; most patients with [many] organ failure die with advanced signs of sepsis but no bacteriological evidence of infection .

The segregationist view is based on the belief that the multiple and complicated impairments and changes that affect the victim of dementia require specialist help , that the number of sufferers involved tends to swamp integrated services , so causing resentment and rejection by staff or by the non-demented , and that past neglect can be transformed into future enthusiastic , well resources specialism .
the segregationist view is based on the belief that the [many] and complicated impairments and changes that affect the victim of dementia require specialist help , that the number of sufferers involved tends to swamp integrated services , so causing resentment and rejection by staff or by the non-demented , and that past neglect can be transformed into future enthusiastic , well resources specialism .

The Griffiths proposal of generic community carers would avoid the problems of multiple agencies being involved in a single case because of multiple needs .
the griffiths proposal of generic community carers would avoid the problems of [many] agencies being involved in a single case because of [many] needs .

Data were collected by a self administered multiple choice questionnaire covering social and demographic characteristics , employment , education , life insurance , social security benefits , general practitioner services , and hospital care .
data were collected by a self administered [many] choice questionnaire covering social and demographic characteristics , employment , education , life insurance , social security benefits , general practitioner services , and hospital care .

Others include a complete therapeutic list at the end , particularly useful with multiple drugs and forgetful patients .
others include a complete therapeutic list at the end , particularly useful with [many] drugs and forgetful patients .

The mean is an unstable statistic influenced by a small proportion of the population with large numbers of partners ; sampling strategies may under-represent minorities with multiple partners ( for example , prostitutes ) ; and sexual partnerships occur outside the sampled population through migration and travel .
the mean is an unstable statistic influenced by a small proportion of the population with large numbers of partners ; sampling strategies may under-represent minorities with [many] partners ( for example , prostitutes ) ; and sexual partnerships occur outside the sampled population through migration and travel .

Alternative splicing appears to be a means by which multiple tenascin isoforms could be generated .
alternative splicing appears to be a means by which [many] tenascin isoforms could be generated .

The initiation of transcription of protein-coding genes is a complex process involving multiple components ( 1 ) .
the initiation of transcription of protein-coding genes is a complex process involving [many] components ( 1 ) .

Respiratory symptoms were analysed by multiple logistic regression and lung function standard deviation scores by multiple linear regression .
respiratory symptoms were analysed by [many] logistic regression and lung function standard deviation scores by [many] linear regression .

Randomised trials of effective treatment may not be feasible in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as numbers of patients are small , event rates are low , and multiple initiating mechanisms requiring different treatments may be operating .
randomised trials of effective treatment may not be feasible in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as numbers of patients are small , event rates are low , and [many] initiating mechanisms requiring different treatments may be operating .

In the previous section , we sought to show that the black population suffers from a series of multiple disadvantages and is often , moreover , heavily geographically concentrated in inner-city areas . As Smith ( 1977 , p. 292 ) , says :
in the previous section , we sought to show that the black population suffers from a series of [many] disadvantages and is often , moreover , heavily geographically concentrated in inner-city areas . as smith ( 1977 , p. 292 ) , says :

It was falsely believed that deprivation was a ‘ geographical ’ problem rather than a social and economic one , that particularly affected families in inner cities who passed multiple deprivations from generation to generation .
it was falsely believed that deprivation was a ‘ geographical ’ problem rather than a social and economic one , that particularly affected families in inner cities who passed [many] deprivations from generation to generation .

To state that trial judges are bound by decisions of the Court of Appeal and House of Lords seems remarkably straightforward , but the multiple judgments of the Court of Appeal and of the House of Lords immediately make the issue more complex .
to state that trial judges are bound by decisions of the court of appeal and house of lords seems remarkably straightforward , but the [many] judgments of the court of appeal and of the house of lords immediately make the issue more complex .

All this had a debilitating effect upon ecclesiastical morale and discipline , for not only were the king 's servants who enforced his claims upon church property and privileges thus protected , but they were also exempted from necessary reforms : as late as 1303 , precisely on the question of pluralism , the bishop of Worcester and his advisers declined to take action against the multiple pluralist , Ralph Hengham , because he was a royal judge and a member of the king 's council .
all this had a debilitating effect upon ecclesiastical morale and discipline , for not only were the king 's servants who enforced his claims upon church property and privileges thus protected , but they were also exempted from necessary reforms : as late as 1303 , precisely on the question of pluralism , the bishop of worcester and his advisers declined to take action against the [many] pluralist , ralph hengham , because he was a royal judge and a member of the king 's council .

This takes no account of the same man being the subject of multiple presentations nor of those clerks who prospered by indirect royal patronage , pressure on newly elected prelates or on other vulnerable patrons .
this takes no account of the same man being the subject of [many] presentations nor of those clerks who prospered by indirect royal patronage , pressure on newly elected prelates or on other vulnerable patrons .

Solipsism is not a tenable position ; in fact it suffers from multiple incoherence .
solipsism is not a tenable position ; in fact it suffers from [many] incoherence .

In the following extract from a report in The Times ( 15 May 1982 ) the same individual is referred to by a number of different expressions which relate to the multiple roles that the reporter considers relevant to the incident :
in the following extract from a report in the times ( 15 may 1982 ) the same individual is referred to by a number of different expressions which relate to the [many] roles that the reporter considers relevant to the incident :

There are hints of a multiple personality syndrome .
there are hints of a [many] personality syndrome .

Multiple personality , Bernice thought , you bet it 's got a multiple personality .
[many] personality , bernice thought , you bet it 's got a [many] personality .

Econometrics relies on statistical analysis , chiefly of a kind called multiple regression , which is designed to establish correlations ( and — hopefully — the causal sequence ) between sales and advertising , price changes , promotions , competitive activity , etc .
econometrics relies on statistical analysis , chiefly of a kind called [many] regression , which is designed to establish correlations ( and — hopefully — the causal sequence ) between sales and advertising , price changes , promotions , competitive activity , etc .

The historic multiple was 18.1 times and the yield was 2.4 % .
the historic [many] was 18.1 times and the yield was 2.4 % .

The shares were six times subscribed and opened at 193p , staying there for a second or two before going decisively through 200p ; at the year end they stood at 218p , a rise of 70 % on the issue price , and were valued on a historic price/earnings multiple of 30.8 ( and yield of 1.4 % ) .
the shares were six times subscribed and opened at 193p , staying there for a second or two before going decisively through 200p ; at the year end they stood at 218p , a rise of 70 % on the issue price , and were valued on a historic price/earnings [many] of 30.8 ( and yield of 1.4 % ) .

In October 1978 , Sid Vicious — whom Malcolm McLaren had described as ‘ never seeing a green light ; it was always on red ’ — woke up in his room in the Chelsea Hotel , New York , to find the body of his girlfriend , Nancy Spungen , sprawled on the bathroom floor , dead from multiple knife wounds .
in october 1978 , sid vicious — whom malcolm mclaren had described as ‘ never seeing a green light ; it was always on red ’ — woke up in his room in the chelsea hotel , new york , to find the body of his girlfriend , nancy spungen , sprawled on the bathroom floor , dead from [many] knife wounds .

For theoretical reasons we will also add a few features to the language : multiple assignment , output guards in alternatives and divergent ( racing ) process .
for theoretical reasons we will also add a few features to the language : [many] assignment , output guards in alternatives and divergent ( racing ) process .

As described in the introduction , we allow multiple assignments , of the form x : =e where x is a list of distinct variables , and e is an equal-length list of expressions .
as described in the introduction , we allow [many] assignments , of the form x : =e where x is a list of distinct variables , and e is an equal-length list of expressions .

The empty multiple assignment terminates without changing the state .
the empty [many] assignment terminates without changing the state .

Put another way , the state is seen as divorced from any one class and is not regarded as the cohesive instrument of the economically powerful ( there is no ruling class ) ; the state is not a biased `` establishment `` serving only itself ; and the very fragmentation of the state provides for multiple access points for all interest groups .
put another way , the state is seen as divorced from any one class and is not regarded as the cohesive instrument of the economically powerful ( there is no ruling class ) ; the state is not a biased `` establishment `` serving only itself ; and the very fragmentation of the state provides for [many] access points for all interest groups .

Pluralism can be defined as a system of interest representation in which the constituent units are organised into an unspecified number of multiple , voluntary , competitive , nonhierarchically ordered and self-determined ( as to type or scope of interest ) categories which are not specially licensed , recognised , subsidised , created or otherwise controlled in leadership selection or interest articulation by the state and which do not exercise a monopoly of representational activity within their respective categories .
pluralism can be defined as a system of interest representation in which the constituent units are organised into an unspecified number of [many] , voluntary , competitive , nonhierarchically ordered and self-determined ( as to type or scope of interest ) categories which are not specially licensed , recognised , subsidised , created or otherwise controlled in leadership selection or interest articulation by the state and which do not exercise a monopoly of representational activity within their respective categories .

Here , purchase decisions are influenced by a variety of different roles , each of whose relative importance needs to be understood by the marketer selling goods and services subject to such multiple influences .
here , purchase decisions are influenced by a variety of different roles , each of whose relative importance needs to be understood by the marketer selling goods and services subject to such [many] influences .

( c ) Tile volume trap , in which markets for commodity type products ( like plant-baked bread ) may become dominated by suppliers capable of volume production and distribution to retail multiple chains bulk-buying on a centralised basis .
( c ) tile volume trap , in which markets for commodity type products ( like plant-baked bread ) may become dominated by suppliers capable of volume production and distribution to retail [many] chains bulk-buying on a centralised basis .

So-called ‘ objective ’ tests may hardly be objective at all , for Harding ( 1980 ) reports that girls seem to do worse than boys when multiple choice questions are used .
so-called ‘ objective ’ tests may hardly be objective at all , for harding ( 1980 ) reports that girls seem to do worse than boys when [many] choice questions are used .

As Kessler et al ( 1985 ) point out , school curricula often exaggerate the clear-cut distinction between right and wrong , relevant and irrelevant ; there is little room for ambiguity , multiple layering of truths or open-ended explorations .
as kessler et al ( 1985 ) point out , school curricula often exaggerate the clear-cut distinction between right and wrong , relevant and irrelevant ; there is little room for ambiguity , [many] layering of truths or open-ended explorations .

Those companies that persevered with longer-term planning realized that a mechanism was needed to manage changing emphases in their multiple business interests .
those companies that persevered with longer-term planning realized that a mechanism was needed to manage changing emphases in their [many] business interests .

Naylor ( 1986 ) also gives an example of a tangible link between SBUs when he cites the interdependence of the multiple car lines at General Motors , where a change in the demand for one line may well be reflected in another .
naylor ( 1986 ) also gives an example of a tangible link between sbus when he cites the interdependence of the [many] car lines at general motors , where a change in the demand for one line may well be reflected in another .

The essentials of productivity accounting are described in figure 5.6 , where it can be seen that changes in profits through time are decomposed into two major elements , changes in productivity and changes in price recovery , which are defined as follows : Where there are multiple products and resources there will be a productivity measure for each pair of resource and product .
the essentials of productivity accounting are described in figure 5.6 , where it can be seen that changes in profits through time are decomposed into two major elements , changes in productivity and changes in price recovery , which are defined as follows : where there are [many] products and resources there will be a productivity measure for each pair of resource and product .

As noted earlier in this chapter , and by many authors , including Kanter ( 1983 ) , an attempt to change basic ideologies/schemas of multiple parties is more likely to be successful in times of crisis when it becomes obvious that traditional modes of operation are no longer achieving success .
as noted earlier in this chapter , and by many authors , including kanter ( 1983 ) , an attempt to change basic ideologies/schemas of [many] parties is more likely to be successful in times of crisis when it becomes obvious that traditional modes of operation are no longer achieving success .

They include , for example , urban polytechnics operating on multiple sites , centres of excellence running high cost courses , and institutions whose cost efficiency has left something to be desired .
they include , for example , urban polytechnics operating on [many] sites , centres of excellence running high cost courses , and institutions whose cost efficiency has left something to be desired .

Multiple windows are marvellous for creating a bright and airy room but the effect could become over-fussy if the windows are treated individually , particularly if they are of different sizes .
[many] windows are marvellous for creating a bright and airy room but the effect could become over-fussy if the windows are treated individually , particularly if they are of different sizes .

Many traits , such as size in humans , vary continuously , or at least come in multiple forms ( i.e .
many traits , such as size in humans , vary continuously , or at least come in [many] forms ( i.e .

In humans size may be controlled by multiple alleles at many dozens , or hundreds , of loci .
in humans size may be controlled by [many] alleles at many dozens , or hundreds , of loci .

Recent improvements over the telex system include better editing facilities , more character sets , ability to send multiple letters as well as single letters , and , finally , the automatic filing of incoming and outgoing mail .
recent improvements over the telex system include better editing facilities , more character sets , ability to send [many] letters as well as single letters , and , finally , the automatic filing of incoming and outgoing mail .

The main disadvantage of a functional structure is its inability to cope with multiple products or markets , because of difficulties in allocating priorities amongst the specialist sections .
the main disadvantage of a functional structure is its inability to cope with [many] products or markets , because of difficulties in allocating priorities amongst the specialist sections .

It allows for firms to place an imaginary bubble over the multiple point sources of its plant and to be given an overall maximum emission limitation for the bubble ( figure 7.3 ) .
it allows for firms to place an imaginary bubble over the [many] point sources of its plant and to be given an overall maximum emission limitation for the bubble ( figure 7.3 ) .

Within his four branches , Cuvier subdivided using multiple criteria and separating , for example , the marsupials from the other mammals , although from the outside the koala looks a bit like a bear , and the thylacine ( or Tasmanian wolf ) very like a dog or wolf .
within his four branches , cuvier subdivided using [many] criteria and separating , for example , the marsupials from the other mammals , although from the outside the koala looks a bit like a bear , and the thylacine ( or tasmanian wolf ) very like a dog or wolf .

In the absence of profit , objectives are usually more difficult to define , whilst many government departments and public agencies — and many of the programmes they administer — have multiple objectives .
in the absence of profit , objectives are usually more difficult to define , whilst many government departments and public agencies — and many of the programmes they administer — have [many] objectives .

As Hood ( 1979 , p. 20 ) points out , government agencies are increasingly operating ‘ in multiple and dense networks of cross-cutting territorial , functional and hierarchical relationships , and within an overall context of … government by grants and by indirect administration rather than by the older pattern of directly hired bureaucrats at the centre ’ .
as hood ( 1979 , p. 20 ) points out , government agencies are increasingly operating ‘ in [many] and dense networks of cross-cutting territorial , functional and hierarchical relationships , and within an overall context of … government by grants and by indirect administration rather than by the older pattern of directly hired bureaucrats at the centre ’ .

Yellow high streets , with yellow electrical shops , and in the windows of the multiple tailors blank-faced dummies leaning discreetly forward in eggily dark worsted .
yellow high streets , with yellow electrical shops , and in the windows of the [many] tailors blank-faced dummies leaning discreetly forward in eggily dark worsted .

such goals that can be indicated are frequently vague , multiple and contradictory .
such goals that can be indicated are frequently vague , [many] and contradictory .

It is a bit like considering the multiple forms that vehicles based on the internal combustion engine have taken since its invention at the end of the last century .
it is a bit like considering the [many] forms that vehicles based on the internal combustion engine have taken since its invention at the end of the last century .

Or are multiple cells and synapses involved ?
or are [many] cells and synapses involved ?

If the process of storage is more dynamic , perhaps with multiple sites being involved , then the experiment wo n't work .
if the process of storage is more dynamic , perhaps with [many] sites being involved , then the experiment wo n't work .

Many arctic vascular plants are polyploid ; multiple chromosomes appear in almost 60 % of low arctic species and 70 % of high arctic species ( up to 80 % of high arctic endemics ) .
many arctic vascular plants are polyploid ; [many] chromosomes appear in almost 60 % of low arctic species and 70 % of high arctic species ( up to 80 % of high arctic endemics ) .

White alloy , highly polished , threw back the glare of multiple floodlights into her narrowed eyes .
white alloy , highly polished , threw back the glare of [many] floodlights into her narrowed eyes .

The most notable examples were grouping , the practice of having a multiple curriculum focus in teaching sessions , with different groups working in different curriculum areas , and the kinds of teacher-pupil interaction associated with a commitment to discovery learning .
the most notable examples were grouping , the practice of having a [many] curriculum focus in teaching sessions , with different groups working in different curriculum areas , and the kinds of teacher-pupil interaction associated with a commitment to discovery learning .

Since William Pitt 's day , in the late eighteenth century , the British government has recognised the absurdity of keeping multiple accounts — the crown 's revenue is the same whatever the source .
since william pitt 's day , in the late eighteenth century , the british government has recognised the absurdity of keeping [many] accounts — the crown 's revenue is the same whatever the source .

Groups of strikers assembled and disbanded , led their trooper escorts on pointless all-night drives in caravans , painted broom handles to resemble gun barrels and pointed them out of windows , and generally tried to confuse the authorities with multiple feints and parries . ( Thieblot and Haggard , 1983:117 )
groups of strikers assembled and disbanded , led their trooper escorts on pointless all-night drives in caravans , painted broom handles to resemble gun barrels and pointed them out of windows , and generally tried to confuse the authorities with [many] feints and parries . ( thieblot and haggard , 1983:117 )

As in medieval allegory , multiple layers of meaning correspond to the novel 's multiple languages .
as in medieval allegory , [many] layers of meaning correspond to the novel 's [many] languages .

Finally in Between the multiple , reversible metaphor is put into play .
finally in between the [many] , reversible metaphor is put into play .

This extension of the role of metaphor leads the way for the development of multiple , reversible discursive metaphor which is manifest in Between .
this extension of the role of metaphor leads the way for the development of [many] , reversible discursive metaphor which is manifest in between .

2.3 Between : The Multiple , Reversible Metaphor .
2.3 between : the [many] , reversible metaphor .

The internal relations of the multiple ‘ voices ’ in Brooke-Rose 's parodies are considerably more complex than in the examples Bakhtin analyses ; though their ‘ orientations ’ are not always directly opposed , they nevertheless succeed in deflecting the text away from its nominal object and making the reader aware of the devices they use .
the internal relations of the [many] ‘ voices ’ in brooke-rose 's parodies are considerably more complex than in the examples bakhtin analyses ; though their ‘ orientations ’ are not always directly opposed , they nevertheless succeed in deflecting the text away from its nominal object and making the reader aware of the devices they use .

According to the gender stereotypes that permeate the novel , the mixing and crossing of multiple codes is a characteristically feminine approach to language .
according to the gender stereotypes that permeate the novel , the mixing and crossing of [many] codes is a characteristically feminine approach to language .

The multiple voices in Thru do often suffer the effects of ‘ fading ’ , they fall into the ‘ hole ’ that Lacan and Barthes refer to , the ‘ blue lacuna ’ in the ‘ delirious discourse ’ ( 14/592,26/604,54/632,59/637 ) , of the novel .
the [many] voices in thru do often suffer the effects of ‘ fading ’ , they fall into the ‘ hole ’ that lacan and barthes refer to , the ‘ blue lacuna ’ in the ‘ delirious discourse ’ ( 14/592,26/604,54/632,59/637 ) , of the novel .

Thru is ‘ deconstructionist ’ in the additional sense that it places itself in multiple positions within the field of literary discourse .
thru is ‘ deconstructionist ’ in the additional sense that it places itself in [many] positions within the field of literary discourse .

Herodotus has long been regarded as a mythographer as much as a historian , for he records not just the bare facts , but the multiple versions of events he has gathered from a variety of sources .
herodotus has long been regarded as a mythographer as much as a historian , for he records not just the bare facts , but the [many] versions of events he has gathered from a variety of sources .

But this pre-history he rejects serves as a symbolic equivalent of the narrative of multiple usurpations and misappropriations of territory that occupies the following six hundred pages .
but this pre-history he rejects serves as a symbolic equivalent of the narrative of [many] usurpations and misappropriations of territory that occupies the following six hundred pages .

Moreover , the examples Couturier gives are of multiple discrete points of view carefully distinguished within the novels in question ( The Sound and the Fury , Pale Fire ) , whereas the mutable point of view employed in Verbivore is a technique developed out of the possibilities inherent in print , but moving toward the mutability of cybernetic text .
moreover , the examples couturier gives are of [many] discrete points of view carefully distinguished within the novels in question ( the sound and the fury , pale fire ) , whereas the mutable point of view employed in verbivore is a technique developed out of the possibilities inherent in print , but moving toward the mutability of cybernetic text .

Their mode of existence has changed , however : they no longer represent coherent subjects but discourses transmuted through ( metaphoric ) interaction into ‘ poems ’ , ‘ gaps ’ in the text at which the reader is invited to intervene , or deictics with multiple and mutable referents .
their mode of existence has changed , however : they no longer represent coherent subjects but discourses transmuted through ( metaphoric ) interaction into ‘ poems ’ , ‘ gaps ’ in the text at which the reader is invited to intervene , or deictics with [many] and mutable referents .

the irreducible indeterminacy which leaves it open to multiple interpretations .
the irreducible indeterminacy which leaves it open to [many] interpretations .

Multiple Agency
[many] agency

Agents are n't keen on multiple agency agreements as they have no guarantee of commission , despite incurring the marketing costs .
agents are n't keen on [many] agency agreements as they have no guarantee of commission , despite incurring the marketing costs .

However , apart from providing good quality pain relief , an epidural may be necessary in the case of difficulties such as inductions and multiple births .
however , apart from providing good quality pain relief , an epidural may be necessary in the case of difficulties such as inductions and [many] births .

Your article , Antenatal Tests , did not mention that mothers expecting a multiple birth are usually advised against having amniocentesis and chorionic villus sampling .
your article , antenatal tests , did not mention that mothers expecting a [many] birth are usually advised against having amniocentesis and chorionic villus sampling .

Where a consumer has multiple relationships with a credit grantor ( eg a mortgage , personal loan , cheque account and/or investment account ) this risk can become significantly more accurately assessed if the status of different accounts can be consolidated on a single data record at consumer or address level and the customer evaluated from the entirety of his relationships .
where a consumer has [many] relationships with a credit grantor ( eg a mortgage , personal loan , cheque account and/or investment account ) this risk can become significantly more accurately assessed if the status of different accounts can be consolidated on a single data record at consumer or address level and the customer evaluated from the entirety of his relationships .

The latter has allowed borrowers to take our mortgages that are larger both as a multiple of income and as a proportion of property valuation .
the latter has allowed borrowers to take our mortgages that are larger both as a [many] of income and as a proportion of property valuation .

The rapid acceleration of house prices during the late 1980s ( which received added impetus from the rush by house buyers to beat the ending of multiple mortgage tax relief in August 1988 ) meant that highly geared first-time buyers were especially vulnerable when interest rates began rising during 1988 , and their exposure increased when house prices began falling at the end of 1989 .
the rapid acceleration of house prices during the late 1980s ( which received added impetus from the rush by house buyers to beat the ending of [many] mortgage tax relief in august 1988 ) meant that highly geared first-time buyers were especially vulnerable when interest rates began rising during 1988 , and their exposure increased when house prices began falling at the end of 1989 .

It is not surprising , therefore , to find multiple deprivation among benefit recipients-deprivation in terms of health , education , housing , diet , clothing and participation in community activities .
it is not surprising , therefore , to find [many] deprivation among benefit recipients-deprivation in terms of health , education , housing , diet , clothing and participation in community activities .

And if twins , triplets or multiple pregnancies are expected , some rather than all the fetuses can now be aborted provided there are sufficient grounds to do so .
and if twins , triplets or [many] pregnancies are expected , some rather than all the fetuses can now be aborted provided there are sufficient grounds to do so .

The remains of an old suspension footbridge with multiple vertical wires dangles into water ( in spate the suspension wires are at neck height ) .
the remains of an old suspension footbridge with [many] vertical wires dangles into water ( in spate the suspension wires are at neck height ) .

Would fun events be attractive or the chance of coaching or single boat evens ( everybody must use a single design of boat ) or more practice areas or multiple stage events or more varied courses with limbo gates , roll ropes and sliding starts like Paddles Up ?
would fun events be attractive or the chance of coaching or single boat evens ( everybody must use a single design of boat ) or more practice areas or [many] stage events or more varied courses with limbo gates , roll ropes and sliding starts like paddles up ?

The war will leave all the multiple tensions of the region just where they were before , or worse .
the war will leave all the [many] tensions of the region just where they were before , or worse .

There are now 10 homes caring for 163 people , and the funds raised during the evening went towards the building of an 11th home , for 12 young people with profound multiple handicaps .
there are now 10 homes caring for 163 people , and the funds raised during the evening went towards the building of an 11th home , for 12 young people with profound [many] handicaps .

John hopes that his mammoth walking achievement will raise £100 000 for research into multiple sclerosis .
john hopes that his mammoth walking achievement will raise £100 000 for research into [many] sclerosis .

Donations to the ‘ Around the Isles ’ charity fund for multiple sclerosis may be paid in at any branch of the Halifax Building Society and Bank of Scotland .
donations to the ‘ around the isles ’ charity fund for [many] sclerosis may be paid in at any branch of the halifax building society and bank of scotland .

To be in with a chance of winning , just answer the following multiple choice questions about Brownies .
to be in with a chance of winning , just answer the following [many] choice questions about brownies .

In as much as feminism represented a split within the dominant classes , creating multiple fractures within liberalism , there were many women who carried with them their class perceptions of the ethical and beneficent state .
in as much as feminism represented a split within the dominant classes , creating [many] fractures within liberalism , there were many women who carried with them their class perceptions of the ethical and beneficent state .

However , their multiple condensation at the level of the state makes it possible to speak , not just of a set of regional problems but of a general crisis of hegemony .
however , their [many] condensation at the level of the state makes it possible to speak , not just of a set of regional problems but of a general crisis of hegemony .

Between the wars , however , London 's problems became national problems : the failure to cope with the onrush of the speculative builder , the frailty of town-planning legislation , the threat of the loss of open countryside , the need for road improvements , and the inadequacy of a multiple number of local authorities without effective coordination .
between the wars , however , london 's problems became national problems : the failure to cope with the onrush of the speculative builder , the frailty of town-planning legislation , the threat of the loss of open countryside , the need for road improvements , and the inadequacy of a [many] number of local authorities without effective coordination .

Fires which are started intentionally often have multiple points of origin and their occurrence may sometimes coincide with attempts to reduce the effectiveness of the protective system .
fires which are started intentionally often have [many] points of origin and their occurrence may sometimes coincide with attempts to reduce the effectiveness of the protective system .

It is probable , however , particularly in the case of multiple fires , that priorities in the matter of water application and supply to different areas of the storage may alter during the progress of the fire .
it is probable , however , particularly in the case of [many] fires , that priorities in the matter of water application and supply to different areas of the storage may alter during the progress of the fire .

In the ultimate case , when considering premises designed totally for automatic operation , the use of electronic display panels and controls sited in suitably protected premises remote from the area of risk may have to be considered and in the case of multiple points the need for communication in order to co-ordinate the operation of controls would be needed to be assessed .
in the ultimate case , when considering premises designed totally for automatic operation , the use of electronic display panels and controls sited in suitably protected premises remote from the area of risk may have to be considered and in the case of [many] points the need for communication in order to co-ordinate the operation of controls would be needed to be assessed .

For storage exceeding this height the intermediate , in-rack , protection illustrated in figures 1122.32.31 ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) and ( d ) is to be provided by open sprinklers arrayed , in vertical modules of 3 or 4 sprinklers , each controlled by a group control , or multiple control .
for storage exceeding this height the intermediate , in-rack , protection illustrated in figures 1122.32.31 ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) and ( d ) is to be provided by open sprinklers arrayed , in vertical modules of 3 or 4 sprinklers , each controlled by a group control , or [many] control .

The fun comes when you want to produce real publications with mixed text and graphics , multiple fonts and even the possibility of scanned photographs or colour separations .
the fun comes when you want to produce real publications with mixed text and graphics , [many] fonts and even the possibility of scanned photographs or colour separations .

The easiest trick is to make all the leading values a multiple of the base or text leading — we call this the modulus .
the easiest trick is to make all the leading values a [many] of the base or text leading — we call this the modulus .

One of the ways that many people are actually taught to use the program can really cause problems and this is the problem of multiple frames .
one of the ways that many people are actually taught to use the program can really cause problems and this is the problem of [many] frames .

The program also added Vertical Justification which ensures that the top and bottom lines of a multiple column page do align correctly .
the program also added vertical justification which ensures that the top and bottom lines of a [many] column page do align correctly .

Remember , however , to combine the families as you go along if they have been supplied as multiple Suitcases .
remember , however , to combine the families as you go along if they have been supplied as [many] suitcases .

a printed sheet folded to make a multiple of pages .
a printed sheet folded to make a [many] of pages .

The server is actually a piece of software that runs on a Macintosh AppleTalk network and allows multiple users to access common information .
the server is actually a piece of software that runs on a macintosh appletalk network and allows [many] users to access common information .

In all but the most complex of tasks , those that use multiple colours or require photographs , all the artwork can be prepared in-house .
in all but the most complex of tasks , those that use [many] colours or require photographs , all the artwork can be prepared in-house .

Reality , as is often the case , turns out to be quite a different story with multiple packages being equally well supported on both sides of the hardware fence .
reality , as is often the case , turns out to be quite a different story with [many] packages being equally well supported on both sides of the hardware fence .

For example , a good word processor may well be able to produce multiple columns of text on the page but totally unable to integrate a simple drawing into the document .
for example , a good word processor may well be able to produce [many] columns of text on the page but totally unable to integrate a simple drawing into the document .

dual authority gives the organisation multiple orientation . For example , a functional department may be production-oriented , but the superimposition of product managers will provide market orientation ;
dual authority gives the organisation [many] orientation . for example , a functional department may be production-oriented , but the superimposition of product managers will provide market orientation ;

The only other buildings visible are the multiple apexes of a warehouse showing above the embankment , the pumping house and eight vats of a sewage works half a mile west , and , at least three miles beyond this , a small group of houses and the square tower of a church .
the only other buildings visible are the [many] apexes of a warehouse showing above the embankment , the pumping house and eight vats of a sewage works half a mile west , and , at least three miles beyond this , a small group of houses and the square tower of a church .

She now painted multiple versions of each subject .
she now painted [many] versions of each subject .

Surviving examples of his newsletters show that they were often produced in multiple copies , with additions or subtractions as appropriate .
surviving examples of his newsletters show that they were often produced in [many] copies , with additions or subtractions as appropriate .

The gardens he created were seldom visited until 1851 , when a series of articles in the Gardeners ' Chronicle created a sensation by describing the transplanting operations , the grafted conifers , the avenues of multiple rows of different species , the architectural topiary , and the series of formal gardens enclosed by hedges .
the gardens he created were seldom visited until 1851 , when a series of articles in the gardeners ' chronicle created a sensation by describing the transplanting operations , the grafted conifers , the avenues of [many] rows of different species , the architectural topiary , and the series of formal gardens enclosed by hedges .

States and societies are linked by multiple channels of communication , both governmental and non-governmental .
states and societies are linked by [many] channels of communication , both governmental and non-governmental .

It consists of a series of blocks and counter-attacks by which a single exponent can render multiple assailants harmless .
it consists of a series of blocks and counter-attacks by which a single exponent can render [many] assailants harmless .

Hazards were taken to be simple , which include a single damaging element such as wind , rain , floodwater or earth tremor ; compound , which involves several elements acting together above their respective damage thresholds such as the wind , hail and lightning of a severe storm ; and multiple , when elements of different kinds coincide accidentally or follow one another as a hurricane may be succeeded by landslides and floods .
hazards were taken to be simple , which include a single damaging element such as wind , rain , floodwater or earth tremor ; compound , which involves several elements acting together above their respective damage thresholds such as the wind , hail and lightning of a severe storm ; and [many] , when elements of different kinds coincide accidentally or follow one another as a hurricane may be succeeded by landslides and floods .

Whenever she Dreamed historicals , she always assumed multiple garments would be uncomfortable and cumbersome , like a non-protective flakjak .
whenever she dreamed historicals , she always assumed [many] garments would be uncomfortable and cumbersome , like a non-protective flakjak .

It has recently been discovered that the woodwind instruments , too are capable of producing multiple sounds by means of unconventional methods in the employment of embouchure .
it has recently been discovered that the woodwind instruments , too are capable of producing [many] sounds by means of unconventional methods in the employment of embouchure .

In fact islands with multiple barrier reefs are unknown , although a very few double reefs are known .
in fact islands with [many] barrier reefs are unknown , although a very few double reefs are known .

We can imagine that a small advertising agency may well share a common culture , but a large government department , such as the Home Office , with multiple functions and goals is unlikely to exhibit the same homogeneity .
we can imagine that a small advertising agency may well share a common culture , but a large government department , such as the home office , with [many] functions and goals is unlikely to exhibit the same homogeneity .

Limitations arising from multiple values
limitations arising from [many] values

When interviewing is employed , the use of multiple independent interviewers is a sensible precaution .
when interviewing is employed , the use of [many] independent interviewers is a sensible precaution .

It would be disastrous to morale to introduce a high-powered multiple indicator methodology in order to isolate which staff really are poor performers and which above average .
it would be disastrous to morale to introduce a high-powered [many] indicator methodology in order to isolate which staff really are poor performers and which above average .

In addition to severe or profound learning disability , every individual in the study had multiple self-stimulatory behaviours , made inappropriate vocalizations ( such as moaning or screaming ) and very challenging behaviour .
in addition to severe or profound learning disability , every individual in the study had [many] self-stimulatory behaviours , made inappropriate vocalizations ( such as moaning or screaming ) and very challenging behaviour .

The study was planned as a multiple time-series design across subjects , in which individuals form their own controls and staggered transfer to new services would control for confounding variables ( Campbell and Stanley , 1966 ) .
the study was planned as a [many] time-series design across subjects , in which individuals form their own controls and staggered transfer to new services would control for confounding variables ( campbell and stanley , 1966 ) .

Respondents were worried that the care programme approach could lead to needless reviews and multiple meetings .
respondents were worried that the care programme approach could lead to needless reviews and [many] meetings .

Burgess and Holmstrom found that forced fellatio was twice as common in multiple assailant rape whereas cunnilingus only featured in single-assailant rape , but these differences do not appear in Wright and West 's larger sample .
burgess and holmstrom found that forced fellatio was twice as common in [many] assailant rape whereas cunnilingus only featured in single-assailant rape , but these differences do not appear in wright and west 's larger sample .

Once it had been on the top deck of a multistorey car park in town , with shoppers passing only a few feet away on the other side of a layer of tinted glass , and she 'd felt like a tight-fitting skin over a multiple explosion that was sounding off again and again and again .
once it had been on the top deck of a multistorey car park in town , with shoppers passing only a few feet away on the other side of a layer of tinted glass , and she 'd felt like a tight-fitting skin over a [many] explosion that was sounding off again and again and again .

Develop more day and accommodation services for the extra needs of people with severe learning disabilities and multiple handicaps .
develop more day and accommodation services for the extra needs of people with severe learning disabilities and [many] handicaps .

Even if , as conservationists hope , the European Parliament addresses the problem of the administration of structural funds , it still lacks the institutional power to oversee the work of the Commission 's multiple directorates .
even if , as conservationists hope , the european parliament addresses the problem of the administration of structural funds , it still lacks the institutional power to oversee the work of the commission 's [many] directorates .

It is inconceivable , however , that these pavements which have multiple , rotated configurations of squares are of a very different date from those with single , rotated arrangements .
it is inconceivable , however , that these pavements which have [many] , rotated configurations of squares are of a very different date from those with single , rotated arrangements .

This affinity alone suggests that , like some examples of individual arrangements of squares , the multiple configurations are also of the second quarter of the fourth century .
this affinity alone suggests that , like some examples of individual arrangements of squares , the [many] configurations are also of the second quarter of the fourth century .

Multiple failures at Nine Mile Point
[many] failures at nine mile point

In diseases such as multiple sclerosis and certain forms of neuromuscular disorder the body appears to destroy part of itself , as if it were foreign tissue .
in diseases such as [many] sclerosis and certain forms of neuromuscular disorder the body appears to destroy part of itself , as if it were foreign tissue .

Multiple users and s740
[many] users and s740

The multiple user of trust property where the trust has relevant income can give rise to interesting problems .
the [many] user of trust property where the trust has relevant income can give rise to interesting problems .

Multiple injuries
[many] injuries

James Thorne 's discussion of the long-standing debate over the interpretation of Robert Frost 's `` stopping by woods `` is instructive precisely because , among other things , it recognises the limitations of a stylistics that aims , or claims , to be objective and exhaustive , and because it highlights the need to be selective in description and open to the coexistence of multiple meanings in interpretation .
james thorne 's discussion of the long-standing debate over the interpretation of robert frost 's `` stopping by woods `` is instructive precisely because , among other things , it recognises the limitations of a stylistics that aims , or claims , to be objective and exhaustive , and because it highlights the need to be selective in description and open to the coexistence of [many] meanings in interpretation .

In most cases the lungs show only multiple small foci with greyish centres containing the worms and tissue debris , but in the rare severe infections larger nodules are present , up to 1.0 cm in diameter with caseous centres , projecting from the lung surface ; these nodules may coalesce to form areas of consolidation .
in most cases the lungs show only [many] small foci with greyish centres containing the worms and tissue debris , but in the rare severe infections larger nodules are present , up to 1.0 cm in diameter with caseous centres , projecting from the lung surface ; these nodules may coalesce to form areas of consolidation .

Passage of larvae through the lungs has been shown experimentally to result in multiple small haemorrhages visible over most of the lung surfaces .
passage of larvae through the lungs has been shown experimentally to result in [many] small haemorrhages visible over most of the lung surfaces .

Multiple Output 5.4.8.3
[many] output 5.4.8.3

Multiple Bell
[many] bell

‘ Both Mr and Mrs Wyndham have multiple injuries , and , although we 're quite confident that they 'll both pull through , we ca n't yet say whether there will be any permanent damage .
‘ both mr and mrs wyndham have [many] injuries , and , although we 're quite confident that they 'll both pull through , we ca n't yet say whether there will be any permanent damage .

‘ Your sister ? ’ Nina 's eyes narrowed . ‘ Did n't you once say she had multiple sclerosis ? ’
‘ your sister ? ’ nina 's eyes narrowed . ‘ did n't you once say she had [many] sclerosis ? ’

By the time Rachel left the house to drive back into town she was feeling really savage towards David Markham , then she had to remind herself that , in spite of the fact that they all felt bitterness at the way he had walked out on Jennifer , it was n't his fault that her sister had multiple sclerosis .
by the time rachel left the house to drive back into town she was feeling really savage towards david markham , then she had to remind herself that , in spite of the fact that they all felt bitterness at the way he had walked out on jennifer , it was n't his fault that her sister had [many] sclerosis .

Most of our short-term patients are suffering from diseases such as muscular dystrophy , motor neurone disease , Huntington 's chorea or multiple sclerosis .
most of our short-term patients are suffering from diseases such as muscular dystrophy , motor neurone disease , huntington 's chorea or [many] sclerosis .

He and Jennifer had been engaged to be married , then when she had been diagnosed as having multiple sclerosis he had left her and gone to Australia to work .
he and jennifer had been engaged to be married , then when she had been diagnosed as having [many] sclerosis he had left her and gone to australia to work .

Approximately 4 per cent of the general population experience multiple hospital admissions in childhood , and two-fifths of these are likely to show later disturbance .
approximately 4 per cent of the general population experience [many] hospital admissions in childhood , and two-fifths of these are likely to show later disturbance .

Treatment of parental mental illnesses may also be seen as potential preventive approaches for childhood disturbance , as can efforts to help disadvantaged families find ways of resolving their multiple problems , and strategies to reduce overt marital discord .
treatment of parental mental illnesses may also be seen as potential preventive approaches for childhood disturbance , as can efforts to help disadvantaged families find ways of resolving their [many] problems , and strategies to reduce overt marital discord .

Yet multiple disadvantages are common in young families .
yet [many] disadvantages are common in young families .

Many others might be described as acts of God — receiving a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis , for example .
many others might be described as acts of god — receiving a diagnosis of [many] sclerosis , for example .

When the loans are redeposited in banks , they form the base for yet more loans , and thus takes place a process of multiple credit expansion .
when the loans are redeposited in banks , they form the base for yet more loans , and thus takes place a process of [many] credit expansion .

There will be a multiple contraction of credit and hence of money supply .
there will be a [many] contraction of credit and hence of money supply .

If the government issues £1 million worth of extra bonds and buys back £1 million worth of Treasury bills , will there automatically be a reduction in credit ( by a multiple of £1 million ) ?
if the government issues £1 million worth of extra bonds and buys back £1 million worth of treasury bills , will there automatically be a reduction in credit ( by a [many] of £1 million ) ?

On Tobago , the fruits of the tree species had significantly more thickened layers and higher frequencies of multiple seeds and so on .
on tobago , the fruits of the tree species had significantly more thickened layers and higher frequencies of [many] seeds and so on .

And it would have shown on the certificate , the time of birth — it 's only done for multiple births .
and it would have shown on the certificate , the time of birth — it 's only done for [many] births .

They had a patient with multiple lacerations of the face and neck following a fall through a window , and he needed extensive suturing .
they had a patient with [many] lacerations of the face and neck following a fall through a window , and he needed extensive suturing .

The record will have a defined relationship to the multiple printouts that will undoubtedly be produced , with the primacy managed for retention purposes .
the record will have a defined relationship to the [many] printouts that will undoubtedly be produced , with the primacy managed for retention purposes .

It now became easier to send multiple copies of papers to colleagues rather than sending a file on the circuit of an institution .
it now became easier to send [many] copies of papers to colleagues rather than sending a file on the circuit of an institution .

But will they be prepared to stored multiple versions of an evolving document , and indicate who changed what and when ?
but will they be prepared to stored [many] versions of an evolving document , and indicate who changed what and when ?

Some forms of text ( notably transcriptions of spoken language ) are only notionally divisible into multiple levels of structure .
some forms of text ( notably transcriptions of spoken language ) are only notionally divisible into [many] levels of structure .

The proliferation of data and the increasing need for multiple datasets by researchers mean that online catalogues , navigation systems to link different catalogues and software for catalogue searching are of critical importance .
the proliferation of data and the increasing need for [many] datasets by researchers mean that online catalogues , navigation systems to link different catalogues and software for catalogue searching are of critical importance .

There was a manual for each hardware component and software product , the total running to perhaps a hundred linear feet , not including the numerous multiple editions of manuals .
there was a manual for each hardware component and software product , the total running to perhaps a hundred linear feet , not including the numerous [many] editions of manuals .

Multiple summonses
[many] summonses

Neither side should be afraid to instruct more than one doctor when the plaintiff suffers multiple injuries giving rise to a variety of symptoms .
neither side should be afraid to instruct more than one doctor when the plaintiff suffers [many] injuries giving rise to a variety of symptoms .

Since the capital value of an investment is determined by a multiple of the rent , and the multiplier ( or years ' purchase ) is the reciprocal of the yield , the lower the yield , the higher the capital value of the investment .
since the capital value of an investment is determined by a [many] of the rent , and the multiplier ( or years ' purchase ) is the reciprocal of the yield , the lower the yield , the higher the capital value of the investment .

For example , shareholders can have multiple votes attaching to their shares and so block the removal of a director under s303 Companies Act 1985 .
for example , shareholders can have [many] votes attaching to their shares and so block the removal of a director under s303 companies act 1985 .

In some cases there may not be sufficient time to bring together a number of financiers at the outset , or , in the case of a bid , considerations of confidentiality may prevent approaches to multiple investors .
in some cases there may not be sufficient time to bring together a number of financiers at the outset , or , in the case of a bid , considerations of confidentiality may prevent approaches to [many] investors .

It is common for the articles of association of a company that is a management buy-out vehicle , a joint venture company , or which is owned by multiple shareholders to provide that the sale of the assets and undertaking of the company requires the consent of specified individuals .
it is common for the articles of association of a company that is a management buy-out vehicle , a joint venture company , or which is owned by [many] shareholders to provide that the sale of the assets and undertaking of the company requires the consent of specified individuals .

There are formulae and ratios that purchasers use as guides such as basing the price on a multiple of earnings or net assets .
there are formulae and ratios that purchasers use as guides such as basing the price on a [many] of earnings or net assets .

Where there are multiple vendors , such as members of a partnership selling their business , purchasers will invariably insist that the vendors give warranties on a joint and several basis .
where there are [many] vendors , such as members of a partnership selling their business , purchasers will invariably insist that the vendors give warranties on a joint and several basis .

Australia , South America and the Old World offer numerous further examples of multiple convergent evolution .
australia , south america and the old world offer numerous further examples of [many] convergent evolution .

Besides attesting to the now well supported view that de Man suffered from a kind of multiple personality disorder , the effect is astounding , since it allows for the formulation of key linguistic tenets upon which the radical reputation of deconstruction rests without de Man taking personal responsibility for that formulation .
besides attesting to the now well supported view that de man suffered from a kind of [many] personality disorder , the effect is astounding , since it allows for the formulation of key linguistic tenets upon which the radical reputation of deconstruction rests without de man taking personal responsibility for that formulation .

One of the principle reasons for the development of anti-school attitudes amongst these young people is the separation and ranking of students according to a multiple set of criteria which make up the normative , academically oriented value system of the school .
one of the principle reasons for the development of anti-school attitudes amongst these young people is the separation and ranking of students according to a [many] set of criteria which make up the normative , academically oriented value system of the school .

The single-level assumption leads children to reject multiple terms for the same category : they already have a label , and that label therefore has priority ( e.g .
the single-level assumption leads children to reject [many] terms for the same category : they already have a label , and that label therefore has priority ( e.g .

In the past , Eliot 's reaction to the multiple interpretations of The Waste Land had been one of benign neglect — it was his apparently settled belief that the author 's interpretation of his work is no more pertinent than that of the reader .
in the past , eliot 's reaction to the [many] interpretations of the waste land had been one of benign neglect — it was his apparently settled belief that the author 's interpretation of his work is no more pertinent than that of the reader .

When the locum who had visited Allison at home heard about her multiple miscarriages , she suggested Allison should ask to be referred to the Recurrent Miscarriage Clinic at Pembury Hospital in Kent .
when the locum who had visited allison at home heard about her [many] miscarriages , she suggested allison should ask to be referred to the recurrent miscarriage clinic at pembury hospital in kent .

One of several , it was set up 15 years ago and , using immunotherapy , has an 81 per cent success rate with women who 've had multiple miscarriages .
one of several , it was set up 15 years ago and , using immunotherapy , has an 81 per cent success rate with women who 've had [many] miscarriages .

The multiple orgasm in the woman and rapid recovery of erection after ejaculation in the man were `` discovered `` by popular writers a few years ago and plugged relentlessly ; yet in the woman one violent orgasm may outweigh several minor ones or the latter may not even be invariably desired , while in the man a rapid re-erection is often physically impossible ( in the more virile youngster it usually takes half to three-quarters of an hour , in the older man anything up to 24 , but there is wide variation between individuals and in differently stimulating situations ) .
the [many] orgasm in the woman and rapid recovery of erection after ejaculation in the man were `` discovered `` by popular writers a few years ago and plugged relentlessly ; yet in the woman one violent orgasm may outweigh several minor ones or the latter may not even be invariably desired , while in the man a rapid re-erection is often physically impossible ( in the more virile youngster it usually takes half to three-quarters of an hour , in the older man anything up to 24 , but there is wide variation between individuals and in differently stimulating situations ) .

Every social worker knows that clients are likely to have multiple difficulties and that the problem presented may not be the main one .
every social worker knows that clients are likely to have [many] difficulties and that the problem presented may not be the main one .

The aircraft flew into a large flock of seagulls just after take-off , and sustained multiple bird strikes .
the aircraft flew into a large flock of seagulls just after take-off , and sustained [many] bird strikes .

( v ) The aircraft suffered multiple bird strikes immediately after take-off and both engines failed due to bird ingestion .
( v ) the aircraft suffered [many] bird strikes immediately after take-off and both engines failed due to bird ingestion .

In this chapter we shall discuss certain characteristics and properties of matrices which are of particular importance in dynamical studies of systems with multiple degrees of freedom .
in this chapter we shall discuss certain characteristics and properties of matrices which are of particular importance in dynamical studies of systems with [many] degrees of freedom .

Suppose we have a linear substitution Ax = y in which it is required that y be a scalar multiple of x , say x .
suppose we have a linear substitution ax = y in which it is required that y be a scalar [many] of x , say x .

We shall not attempt to deal with the full problem of multiple equal eigenvalues ; it will be sufficient in general to consider the case of two equal roots 1 = 2 as typical .
we shall not attempt to deal with the full problem of [many] equal eigenvalues ; it will be sufficient in general to consider the case of two equal roots 1 = 2 as typical .

To complete the solution , we now require to find ; this could be done by repeating the iterative procedure , evaluating , where is an arbitrary row , or more usually , by the device given in ( 2.6.4 ) , viz : giving We leave it to the reader to show that in this example , ( 7 ) leads to or to a scalar multiple of it .
to complete the solution , we now require to find ; this could be done by repeating the iterative procedure , evaluating , where is an arbitrary row , or more usually , by the device given in ( 2.6.4 ) , viz : giving we leave it to the reader to show that in this example , ( 7 ) leads to or to a scalar [many] of it .

For this purpose the existence of the multiple varieties of communication media , and the emergence of professionals skilled in the application of these media to particular problems and occasions , are major advantages and despite persistent grass.roots suspicion there is plenty of evidence that teachers at some stage or other in their careers are ready to experiment and take advice .
for this purpose the existence of the [many] varieties of communication media , and the emergence of professionals skilled in the application of these media to particular problems and occasions , are major advantages and despite persistent grass.roots suspicion there is plenty of evidence that teachers at some stage or other in their careers are ready to experiment and take advice .

At other schools , the amount of space given to exhibitions and displays , to secretarial work , and to counselling activities , has been analysed carefully and sympathetically , and some compromises of multiple use achieved without sacrifice of principle or utility .
at other schools , the amount of space given to exhibitions and displays , to secretarial work , and to counselling activities , has been analysed carefully and sympathetically , and some compromises of [many] use achieved without sacrifice of principle or utility .

The application of such an idea would certainly select out a countable set of circles whose rotatory motions correspond precisely to the right multiple of the angular momentum quantum .
the application of such an idea would certainly select out a countable set of circles whose rotatory motions correspond precisely to the right [many] of the angular momentum quantum .

The answer emerged in the form of a fascinating take on photographic history called ‘ Multiple Exposure The Group Portrait in Photography ’ seen earlier this year in the art gallery of Wesleyan University and now on view at Zabriskie ( until the 27th ) .
the answer emerged in the form of a fascinating take on photographic history called ‘ [many] exposure the group portrait in photography ’ seen earlier this year in the art gallery of wesleyan university and now on view at zabriskie ( until the 27th ) .

The government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and operation of the mass media .
the government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of [many] and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and operation of the mass media .

Since opening in September 1989 the committee have accompanied each exhibition with a concert or reading and an inexpensive multiple .
since opening in september 1989 the committee have accompanied each exhibition with a concert or reading and an inexpensive [many] .

The government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and operation of the mass media .
the government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of [many] and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and operation of the mass media .

Term used for a multiple prayer rug — one with two or more separate prayer fields — which is also referred to as a family prayer rug ( p. 86 ) .
term used for a [many] prayer rug — one with two or more separate prayer fields — which is also referred to as a family prayer rug ( p. 86 ) .

Composed of a series of adjacent prayer-rug schemes , and often referred to as `` family `` or `` multiple `` prayer rugs .
composed of a series of adjacent prayer-rug schemes , and often referred to as `` family `` or `` [many] `` prayer rugs .

Clark was rushed to the clinic at Heidelberg University but was dead on arrival as a result of a broken neck , skull fracture and multiple internal injuries .
clark was rushed to the clinic at heidelberg university but was dead on arrival as a result of a broken neck , skull fracture and [many] internal injuries .

However , disaster struck at the German Circuit and Lauda was pulled from his blazing car with multiple burns .
however , disaster struck at the german circuit and lauda was pulled from his blazing car with [many] burns .

When the program finds a word with multiple senses , it produces a list of all the synonyms of each of the senses of that word , which are then known as ’ word families ’ .
when the program finds a word with [many] senses , it produces a list of all the synonyms of each of the senses of that word , which are then known as ’ word families ’ .

Combining multiple dictionaries
combining [many] dictionaries

— the system can compute multiple readings , and shows increased processing load with ambiguous language ;
— the system can compute [many] readings , and shows increased processing load with ambiguous language ;

It should be noted , however , that the disambiguation required by the present project is not between multiple word senses , but instead between multiple interpretations of the input .
it should be noted , however , that the disambiguation required by the present project is not between [many] word senses , but instead between [many] interpretations of the input .

In so doing , multiple interpretations are held simultaneously , and resolved when further data restricts those alternatives to just one unique solution [ Stefik , 1981 ] .
in so doing , [many] interpretations are held simultaneously , and resolved when further data restricts those alternatives to just one unique solution [ stefik , 1981 ] .

The problem is how to represent the knowledge at each level as multiple constraints that may be mutually conflicting .
the problem is how to represent the knowledge at each level as [many] constraints that may be mutually conflicting .

Before leaving we were assured that the baggage conveyors , fully automated with multiple bar code scanners never make a mistake .
before leaving we were assured that the baggage conveyors , fully automated with [many] bar code scanners never make a mistake .

Conditions such as diabetes , heart complaints , multiple sclerosis and alcoholism should be declared .
conditions such as diabetes , heart complaints , [many] sclerosis and alcoholism should be declared .

if it is known that the baby has a lot of pain eg , multiple chest drains
if it is known that the baby has a lot of pain eg , [many] chest drains

Their multiple levels of management often involve rigidities which arise from the need to define roles and jobs rigorously in order that functions do not overlap .
their [many] levels of management often involve rigidities which arise from the need to define roles and jobs rigorously in order that functions do not overlap .

The minimum limit of the stock capital is 10 million Hungarian forints ( about £70,000 ) and the shares must have a face value representing 10,000 forints or its multiple .
the minimum limit of the stock capital is 10 million hungarian forints ( about £70,000 ) and the shares must have a face value representing 10,000 forints or its [many] .

Whatever figure you choose , you can then borrow up to a given multiple of that amount whenever you like , either in a lump sum or in small irregular amounts .
whatever figure you choose , you can then borrow up to a given [many] of that amount whenever you like , either in a lump sum or in small irregular amounts .

In some areas of the country there are special Money Advice Centres which can help people in debt , particularly those who have saddled themselves with multiple debts .
in some areas of the country there are special money advice centres which can help people in debt , particularly those who have saddled themselves with [many] debts .

We are aiming at good levels of fertility , ( the ability to conceive ) , fecundity , ( the ability to conceive multiple offspring ) and productivity ( the ability to raise the offspring born ) .
we are aiming at good levels of fertility , ( the ability to conceive ) , fecundity , ( the ability to conceive [many] offspring ) and productivity ( the ability to raise the offspring born ) .

With more recent developments such as currency swaps and loans based on a basket of currencies , they have been able to lower their cost of capital and reduce the risks of their asset exposure in multiple currencies .
with more recent developments such as currency swaps and loans based on a basket of currencies , they have been able to lower their cost of capital and reduce the risks of their asset exposure in [many] currencies .

The first is often described as the change from a bipolar to a multipolar world , though it is debatable whether there really are multiple , more or less equal power centres as the phrase implies .
the first is often described as the change from a bipolar to a multipolar world , though it is debatable whether there really are [many] , more or less equal power centres as the phrase implies .

Market-seeking investors often wish to smooth out the risks of fluctuating demand by serving multiple markets : decline in one market can be offset by growth in another .
market-seeking investors often wish to smooth out the risks of fluctuating demand by serving [many] markets : decline in one market can be offset by growth in another .

Firms such as Kodak and Fuji in consumer film are able to launch new products simultaneously in multiple markets .
firms such as kodak and fuji in consumer film are able to launch new products simultaneously in [many] markets .

Because SOEs were created for multiple reasons , most faced conflicting pressures from various constituencies and could not reconcile multiple , and conflicting , objectives .
because soes were created for [many] reasons , most faced conflicting pressures from various constituencies and could not reconcile [many] , and conflicting , objectives .

Moreover , an explicit claim to multiple points of view tells us nothing about the actual practice of using them .
moreover , an explicit claim to [many] points of view tells us nothing about the actual practice of using them .

Conversely , indigenous politicians , who do not make explicit reference to the individual actor as having multiple points of view , may nevertheless in practice make considerable use of those multiple points of view that are implicit in the existence of different political factions .
conversely , indigenous politicians , who do not make explicit reference to the individual actor as having [many] points of view , may nevertheless in practice make considerable use of those [many] points of view that are implicit in the existence of different political factions .

The expression of individual choice and of multiple points of view is , in that sense , ‘ ideological ’ , since it disguises the true situation behind an appearance of reality .
the expression of individual choice and of [many] points of view is , in that sense , ‘ ideological ’ , since it disguises the true situation behind an appearance of reality .

If we recognise the possibility of such an argument in relation to the concept ‘ multiple points of view ’ , then we must recognise that the ability to exercise multiple points of view is not very fully tested by Greenfield 's school tests .
if we recognise the possibility of such an argument in relation to the concept ‘ [many] points of view ’ , then we must recognise that the ability to exercise [many] points of view is not very fully tested by greenfield 's school tests .

Conversely , the school tests for explicitness do not tell us very much about the exercise of multiple points of view .
conversely , the school tests for explicitness do not tell us very much about the exercise of [many] points of view .

Moreover , particular examples of the use or non-use of multiple points of view are not necessarily indicators of cognitive deprivation .
moreover , particular examples of the use or non-use of [many] points of view are not necessarily indicators of cognitive deprivation .

Since the objectives themselves are unreal and unclear , and since there are so many people at every level , multiple messages come down the line the whole time .
since the objectives themselves are unreal and unclear , and since there are so many people at every level , [many] messages come down the line the whole time .

It means shaving away constantly at the sort of multiple objectives which we normally like to set ourselves , until one reaches an absolutely clear message of a mission and role .
it means shaving away constantly at the sort of [many] objectives which we normally like to set ourselves , until one reaches an absolutely clear message of a mission and role .

multiple folios ;
[many] folios ;

Suitable grounds might include prolonged , augmented , or induced labours ; multiple pregnancies ; thick meconium staining of amniotic fluid ; and a growth retarded or preterm fetus .
suitable grounds might include prolonged , augmented , or induced labours ; [many] pregnancies ; thick meconium staining of amniotic fluid ; and a growth retarded or preterm fetus .

To be clinically useful , observations must be simple enough to be made by multiple carers on a psychiatric ward ; excessive simplicity , however , may undermine their value .
to be clinically useful , observations must be simple enough to be made by [many] carers on a psychiatric ward ; excessive simplicity , however , may undermine their value .

She had multiple organ system failure ( respiratory failure , renal failure , and jaundice ) , severe diarrhoea , persisting shock , disseminated intravascular coagulation , and a typical rash followed by desquamation .
she had [many] organ system failure ( respiratory failure , renal failure , and jaundice ) , severe diarrhoea , persisting shock , disseminated intravascular coagulation , and a typical rash followed by desquamation .

An organization is an identifiable social entity whose members pursue multiple and shared objectives through their consciously and continuously coordinated actions and relations . Hence , an organization is characterized by :
an organization is an identifiable social entity whose members pursue [many] and shared objectives through their consciously and continuously coordinated actions and relations . hence , an organization is characterized by :

Groups have multiple goals , are more enduring than a coalition and usually involve more members .
groups have [many] goals , are more enduring than a coalition and usually involve more members .

Research on conformity has shown that individuals with higher levels of ability conform less to group norms than those with lower levels of ability ; individuals with strong relationship goals will identify with group norms more readily than those individuals for whom multiple , close relationships are not important ; highly authoritarian individuals conform more than less authoritarian individuals ; individuals who find it hard to ‘ see the wood for the trees ’ conform more readily than those who find it easy ; and individuals with strong structure goals conform more willingly .
research on conformity has shown that individuals with higher levels of ability conform less to group norms than those with lower levels of ability ; individuals with strong relationship goals will identify with group norms more readily than those individuals for whom [many] , close relationships are not important ; highly authoritarian individuals conform more than less authoritarian individuals ; individuals who find it hard to ‘ see the wood for the trees ’ conform more readily than those who find it easy ; and individuals with strong structure goals conform more willingly .

More stable groups have multiple goals and review and renew their goals , giving them greater permanency .
more stable groups have [many] goals and review and renew their goals , giving them greater permanency .

To investigate relations between sets of possible explanatory factors and each outcome variable a stepwise multiple linear regression analysis was used .
to investigate relations between sets of possible explanatory factors and each outcome variable a stepwise [many] linear regression analysis was used .

Seven of 13 ventilated infants in the random group required multiple red cell transfusions compared with one of 13 in the regulated group ( p=0.03 ; Fisher 's exact test ) .
seven of 13 ventilated infants in the random group required [many] red cell transfusions compared with one of 13 in the regulated group ( p=0.03 ; fisher 's exact test ) .

Yet double , triple and even multiple stars are surprisingly common in space , and some of them are within the range of binoculars or even the naked eye .
yet double , triple and even [many] stars are surprisingly common in space , and some of them are within the range of binoculars or even the naked eye .

Pollux is a K-type star , whose orange colour is noticeable with the naked eye and unmistakable in binoculars ; Castor is white , and is an interesting multiple system , though binoculars show it as single .
pollux is a k-type star , whose orange colour is noticeable with the naked eye and unmistakable in binoculars ; castor is white , and is an interesting [many] system , though binoculars show it as single .

The effect of multiple changes can be catastrophic .
the effect of [many] changes can be catastrophic .

If suitable machines are chosen , these graphics facilities can include such things as multiple pages and views ( thus allowing very rapid animation of a short sequence of pictures ) , a large number of shades or colours to be used in one display ( thus allowing effects of shading , shadow and three dimensions to be shown ) , shades on the screen ‘ instantly ’ changeable to any of a large range of ‘ colours ’ available , and superimposition of two different graphic views , low-resolution graphics and text .
if suitable machines are chosen , these graphics facilities can include such things as [many] pages and views ( thus allowing very rapid animation of a short sequence of pictures ) , a large number of shades or colours to be used in one display ( thus allowing effects of shading , shadow and three dimensions to be shown ) , shades on the screen ‘ instantly ’ changeable to any of a large range of ‘ colours ’ available , and superimposition of two different graphic views , low-resolution graphics and text .

( c ) The multiple accumulator load and store instructions .
( c ) the [many] accumulator load and store instructions .

Now , the accumulators nowadays usually form an array , which can be rapidly saved and restored with the multiple accumulator instructions of 2.4 .
now , the accumulators nowadays usually form an array , which can be rapidly saved and restored with the [many] accumulator instructions of 2.4 .

Multiple accumulator sets
[many] accumulator sets

Consider a computer with multiple arrays of accumulators and control registers , in which a process 's complete context is contained in one array of accumulators and one array of control registers ( in particular , the program counter is a control register ) .
consider a computer with [many] arrays of accumulators and control registers , in which a process 's complete context is contained in one array of accumulators and one array of control registers ( in particular , the program counter is a control register ) .

The discussion by Morton ( 1980 ) provides an advanced treatment of this notion of multiple lexicons . )
the discussion by morton ( 1980 ) provides an advanced treatment of this notion of [many] lexicons . )

Bjornsson 's approach differed from that of many earlier researchers in two important ways : first , he set out at an early stage to make his formula one which would be useful for making cross-cultural comparisons , and second , he chose not to use the statistical technique of multiple regression .
bjornsson 's approach differed from that of many earlier researchers in two important ways : first , he set out at an early stage to make his formula one which would be useful for making cross-cultural comparisons , and second , he chose not to use the statistical technique of [many] regression .

Bjornsson decided not to use a formula derived from multiple regression analysis .
bjornsson decided not to use a formula derived from [many] regression analysis .

Furthermore , when he checked back on the correlation between his simple lix values and the criterion of pooled estimates of difficulty , he found that the figure was 0.92 , which was exactly the same as that obtained from the multiple regression .
furthermore , when he checked back on the correlation between his simple lix values and the criterion of pooled estimates of difficulty , he found that the figure was 0.92 , which was exactly the same as that obtained from the [many] regression .

[ The letters m , r are chosen as they are the initial letters of the words multiple and remainder respectively .
[ the letters m , r are chosen as they are the initial letters of the words [many] and remainder respectively .

In a study of the slum areas of San Salvador in 1978 , one-fifth of households were `` co-residential kinship groups with no regularly present male in the role of husband or father `` and 10 % of households were formed by multiple or extended families .
in a study of the slum areas of san salvador in 1978 , one-fifth of households were `` co-residential kinship groups with no regularly present male in the role of husband or father `` and 10 % of households were formed by [many] or extended families .

Unlike vertebrates , insects have muscles that contain relatively few fibres and to achieve smooth contractions they are supplied by multiple nerve endings some 30–80 µm apart , each inducing local contraction .
unlike vertebrates , insects have muscles that contain relatively few fibres and to achieve smooth contractions they are supplied by [many] nerve endings some 30–80 µm apart , each inducing local contraction .

There are two basic possibilities for questions , multiple choice or supply type .
there are two basic possibilities for questions , [many] choice or supply type .

The multiple choice format can , in this case , be thought of as demanding a similar sort of thinking to that required when checking an answer obtained by measurement or calculation to see if it is sensible . ``
the [many] choice format can , in this case , be thought of as demanding a similar sort of thinking to that required when checking an answer obtained by measurement or calculation to see if it is sensible . ``

The tasks shown above presented in multiple choice format were also tried out in supply format , with success rates of 67 per cent , 24 per cent and $ 3 per cent respectively .
the tasks shown above presented in [many] choice format were also tried out in supply format , with success rates of 67 per cent , 24 per cent and $ 3 per cent respectively .

single or multiple entry table ; — search requirements ; ( How easy is it to find the information in the table ?
single or [many] entry table ; — search requirements ; ( how easy is it to find the information in the table ?

Can read multiple entry tables and carry out basic comparisons or computations with the data obtained .
can read [many] entry tables and carry out basic comparisons or computations with the data obtained .

Work Experience should be coordinated on an authority-wide basis , to guard against undesirable duplication of effort , and multiple requests to individual , particularly small , employers .
work experience should be coordinated on an authority-wide basis , to guard against undesirable duplication of effort , and [many] requests to individual , particularly small , employers .

As Ladbroke Grove is left behind , the chimney of the old brick kiln at the now demolished Ruston Mews can be seen , the street once called Rillington Place where Christie the multiple murderer lived , killed women and immured them in his garden and the cupboards of his house .
as ladbroke grove is left behind , the chimney of the old brick kiln at the now demolished ruston mews can be seen , the street once called rillington place where christie the [many] murderer lived , killed women and immured them in his garden and the cupboards of his house .

The collective community charge applies to some houses in multiple occupation , some lodging houses and some hostels .
the collective community charge applies to some houses in [many] occupation , some lodging houses and some hostels .

Mr McLachlan 's lines incorporated a series of ‘ ragged chines ’ ( referred to as ‘ multiple spray rails ’ in the article ) for the purpose of reducing pounding .
mr mclachlan 's lines incorporated a series of ‘ ragged chines ’ ( referred to as ‘ [many] spray rails ’ in the article ) for the purpose of reducing pounding .

In 1937 Basil Henriques , a youth worker , magistrate and pillar of respectability , found it reasonable to excuse shop-lifting from multiple stores , for example , because they offered ‘ that most disgraceful temptation … the most attractive gadgets and toys in open trays well within the reach of children ’ .
in 1937 basil henriques , a youth worker , magistrate and pillar of respectability , found it reasonable to excuse shop-lifting from [many] stores , for example , because they offered ‘ that most disgraceful temptation … the most attractive gadgets and toys in open trays well within the reach of children ’ .

As war developed and the need for multiple commands increased , it was to such men that the monarchies of both England and France turned .
as war developed and the need for [many] commands increased , it was to such men that the monarchies of both england and france turned .

Another patient who has multiple sclerosis is not cured but she can walk after years of being wheel-chair bound .
another patient who has [many] sclerosis is not cured but she can walk after years of being wheel-chair bound .

This international system has multiple centres of power and states are increasingly sensitive and vulnerable to the effects of interdependence .
this international system has [many] centres of power and states are increasingly sensitive and vulnerable to the effects of interdependence .

We therefore needed to identify individuals in order to adjust the prevalence estimate for double or multiple counts .
we therefore needed to identify individuals in order to adjust the prevalence estimate for double or [many] counts .

Following the elimination of double or multiple counts of the same individual , a final count of 1,604 individuals was obtained .
following the elimination of double or [many] counts of the same individual , a final count of 1,604 individuals was obtained .

All are located in close proximity to one another , providing scope for multiple syndicate as well as plenary sessions .
all are located in close proximity to one another , providing scope for [many] syndicate as well as plenary sessions .

These include Alzheimers disease , which was first described in 1907 , multiple brain infarctions ( small strokes in the brain ) , drug toxity and Huntington 's Chorea .
these include alzheimers disease , which was first described in 1907 , [many] brain infarctions ( small strokes in the brain ) , drug toxity and huntington 's chorea .

This reflects the multiple pathology which is often a feature of older people presenting with specific medical conditions .
this reflects the [many] pathology which is often a feature of older people presenting with specific medical conditions .

The price of single occupancy is frequently higher than for multiple occupancy of bedrooms and should be checked when booking .
the price of single occupancy is frequently higher than for [many] occupancy of bedrooms and should be checked when booking .

If the disability is psychologically based diagnostic systems based on the use of multiple and unvalidated skin tests may reinforce the delusion .
if the disability is psychologically based diagnostic systems based on the use of [many] and unvalidated skin tests may reinforce the delusion .

The diagnosis of multiple allergies or environmental illness is being replaced by that of multiple chemical sensitivities .
the diagnosis of [many] allergies or environmental illness is being replaced by that of [many] chemical sensitivities .

Instead , doctors must educate the profession and the public that inchoate multiple symptoms of psychological origin are not a sign of weak will or malingering and are curable at little or no expense if doctor and patient collaborate in treatment .
instead , doctors must educate the profession and the public that inchoate [many] symptoms of psychological origin are not a sign of weak will or malingering and are curable at little or no expense if doctor and patient collaborate in treatment .

Some parallels can be drawn with certain hereditary tumour syndromes such as multiple endocrine neoplasia .
some parallels can be drawn with certain hereditary tumour syndromes such as [many] endocrine neoplasia .

All three occupants suffered multiple injuries and were certified dead at the crash site by a medical practitioner .
all three occupants suffered [many] injuries and were certified dead at the crash site by a medical practitioner .

Few homes have anything like enough socket outlets , and so people are tempted to use multiple adaptors , and trail l=flexes all over the house in a desperate attempt to get power where they want it .
few homes have anything like enough socket outlets , and so people are tempted to use [many] adaptors , and trail l=flexes all over the house in a desperate attempt to get power where they want it .

We regret that we are unable to answer multiple queries that do not comply with these instructions .
we regret that we are unable to answer [many] queries that do not comply with these instructions .

The achievement of multiple economic objectives is especially difficult if the government relies exclusively upon one type of policy which operates essentially through the channel of aggregate demand .
the achievement of [many] economic objectives is especially difficult if the government relies exclusively upon one type of policy which operates essentially through the channel of aggregate demand .

Criminal psychologists make an important distinction between the serial murderer , for whom the celebrity status found in murders of a repeated pattern is a prime motivation , and multiple murderer , for whom the polyhomicide acts as an aggrandized suicidal act .
criminal psychologists make an important distinction between the serial murderer , for whom the celebrity status found in murders of a repeated pattern is a prime motivation , and [many] murderer , for whom the polyhomicide acts as an aggrandized suicidal act .

Serial murderers have long identified women in their sights , but the Polytechnique massacre was the first incidence of multiple murder in which women have been identified as the target group .
serial murderers have long identified women in their sights , but the polytechnique massacre was the first incidence of [many] murder in which women have been identified as the target group .

Both Fairbairns and Donnison , for their different reasons and from very different political perspectives ( the former a radical feminist largely concerned with relations between men and women , the latter a left-of-centre policy-maker and academic , largely concerned with social inequality and the alleviation of poverty ) , understand and accept that , at least in the short run , women are going to continue their multiple roles .
both fairbairns and donnison , for their different reasons and from very different political perspectives ( the former a radical feminist largely concerned with relations between men and women , the latter a left-of-centre policy-maker and academic , largely concerned with social inequality and the alleviation of poverty ) , understand and accept that , at least in the short run , women are going to continue their [many] roles .

Mr Gaught also foresees problems where there is joint liability and liability for second homes , and houses with multiple occupation .
mr gaught also foresees problems where there is joint liability and liability for second homes , and houses with [many] occupation .

New Clarion Press now offers the following standard trading terms to bookshops : 25 per cent discount on single copies , 35 per cent discount on multiple copies ; £1.25 small order charge on orders under £25 ( except dues ) .
new clarion press now offers the following standard trading terms to bookshops : 25 per cent discount on single copies , 35 per cent discount on [many] copies ; £1.25 small order charge on orders under £25 ( except dues ) .

The most successful , Susan Faludi 's Backlash , achieved a much bigger multiple , selling 40,000 copies .
the most successful , susan faludi 's backlash , achieved a much bigger [many] , selling 40,000 copies .

Susie , 41 , has suffered from multiple sclerosis for 20 years and knows from first-hand experience the difficulty in finding facilities geared up for those who actually gain most from regular exercise .
susie , 41 , has suffered from [many] sclerosis for 20 years and knows from first-hand experience the difficulty in finding facilities geared up for those who actually gain most from regular exercise .

Pest Control Brighton have recently undertaken a multiple bubble job for the new Conquest Hospital in Hastings .
pest control brighton have recently undertaken a [many] bubble job for the new conquest hospital in hastings .

Rentokil 's unique branch network ensures multiple chain stores receive first class service throughout the country .
rentokil 's unique branch network ensures [many] chain stores receive first class service throughout the country .

a local authority has a responsibility to ensure that accommodation in multiple occupancy housing for use by the homeless is safe and suitable , such that occupants are not injured .
a local authority has a responsibility to ensure that accommodation in [many] occupancy housing for use by the homeless is safe and suitable , such that occupants are not injured .

a local authority has a responsibility to ensure that accommodation in ( multiple occupancy housing for use by the homeless is safe and suitable , such that occupants are not injured .
a local authority has a responsibility to ensure that accommodation in ( [many] occupancy housing for use by the homeless is safe and suitable , such that occupants are not injured .

Many office blocks are rented on multiple leases .
many office blocks are rented on [many] leases .

Success can be claimed in this area in the arrival of some new operators in the market such as Centric Pub Company , Marr Taverns , Scorpio Inns , Discovery Inns and Enterprise Inns , whose formation has been to specifically run multiple freehouse operations .
success can be claimed in this area in the arrival of some new operators in the market such as centric pub company , marr taverns , scorpio inns , discovery inns and enterprise inns , whose formation has been to specifically run [many] freehouse operations .

The essential message of the paper was that of multiple difficulties .
the essential message of the paper was that of [many] difficulties .

The Main Library , situated in George Square , houses reference collections of periodicals , maps , statistics , government publications , special collections of rare books and manuscripts , and collections of multiple copies of textbooks for Arts , Social Sciences , and first-year Science courses as well as one of the largest open-access borrowing collections in the United Kingdom .
the main library , situated in george square , houses reference collections of periodicals , maps , statistics , government publications , special collections of rare books and manuscripts , and collections of [many] copies of textbooks for arts , social sciences , and first-year science courses as well as one of the largest open-access borrowing collections in the united kingdom .

State administrative agencies thus feed off the results of interest-group pressure , and interest groups find in the administration multiple points of access through which they can influence the formulation of government policy .
state administrative agencies thus feed off the results of interest-group pressure , and interest groups find in the administration [many] points of access through which they can influence the formulation of government policy .

Both party and state bureaucrats were targets , inevitably so when the two are intermeshed by the practice of political leaders holding multiple offices in both organizations — the ‘ interlocking directorate ’ system .
both party and state bureaucrats were targets , inevitably so when the two are intermeshed by the practice of political leaders holding [many] offices in both organizations — the ‘ interlocking directorate ’ system .

The holding of multiple offices in state and party apparatuses is a very significant aspect of party control in Albania , Bulgaria and Romania .
the holding of [many] offices in state and party apparatuses is a very significant aspect of party control in albania , bulgaria and romania .

Conflicts between individual and organizational goals , made manifest in the discretion delegated to many categories of public officials in the interpretation of regulations and statutes , may be exacerbated by the fact that large organizations may have multiple objectives leading to goal conflict .
conflicts between individual and organizational goals , made manifest in the discretion delegated to many categories of public officials in the interpretation of regulations and statutes , may be exacerbated by the fact that large organizations may have [many] objectives leading to goal conflict .

Multiple viewpoints and motivations lie behind the apparent singleness and consistency of official behaviour ’ ( Kogan 1981 , p. 165 ) .
[many] viewpoints and motivations lie behind the apparent singleness and consistency of official behaviour ’ ( kogan 1981 , p. 165 ) .

Statistical analyses included the χ 2 test , analysis of variance , multiple and logistic regression where appropriate .
statistical analyses included the χ 2 test , analysis of variance , [many] and logistic regression where appropriate .

Another patient with pelvic sepsis developed a pouch cutaneous fistula and was converted to a Kock continent reservoir but developed multiple , recurrent small bowel Crohn 's fistulas and eventually required pouch excision .
another patient with pelvic sepsis developed a pouch cutaneous fistula and was converted to a kock continent reservoir but developed [many] , recurrent small bowel crohn 's fistulas and eventually required pouch excision .

Barium enema showed multiple polyps in the rectum and he had total panproctocolectomy with ileostomy .
barium enema showed [many] polyps in the rectum and he had total panproctocolectomy with ileostomy .

The patient was noted to have multiple skin cysts ( histology showed an epidermoid origin ) and osteomata of the skull .
the patient was noted to have [many] skin cysts ( histology showed an epidermoid origin ) and osteomata of the skull .

He had a proctectomy and partial colectomy , but unfortunately died aged 50 years from multiple new carcinomata in the retained ascending colon .
he had a proctectomy and partial colectomy , but unfortunately died aged 50 years from [many] new carcinomata in the retained ascending colon .

Also has multiple osteomata and skin cysts .
also has [many] osteomata and skin cysts .

Ileorectal anastamosis for multiple polyps .
ileorectal anastamosis for [many] polyps .

Patients 102 , 205 , 206 , 304 , and 305 died from bowel cancer associated with multiple polyps .
patients 102 , 205 , 206 , 304 , and 305 died from bowel cancer associated with [many] polyps .

She was also seen to have multiple areas of retinal pigmentary change .
she was also seen to have [many] areas of retinal pigmentary change .

Abnormalities of gastrointestinal motility may occur in all forms of amyloidosis and intestinal pseudo-obstruction has been reported in secondary or primary amyloidosis , including amyloidosis associated with multiple myeloma .
abnormalities of gastrointestinal motility may occur in all forms of amyloidosis and intestinal pseudo-obstruction has been reported in secondary or primary amyloidosis , including amyloidosis associated with [many] myeloma .

In reviewing reports on amyloidosis patients with intestinal pseudo-obstruction , the patients with multiple myeloma tend to have extensive smooth muscle infiltration .
in reviewing reports on amyloidosis patients with intestinal pseudo-obstruction , the patients with [many] myeloma tend to have extensive smooth muscle infiltration .

Corrosive strictures are frequently very tight , long , eccentric and multiple .
corrosive strictures are frequently very tight , long , eccentric and [many] .

Although corrosive strictures were very often multiple , long , and tight , initial adequate dilatation with complete relief of symptoms was achieved in most patients ( 93.6 % ) .
although corrosive strictures were very often [many] , long , and tight , initial adequate dilatation with complete relief of symptoms was achieved in most patients ( 93.6 % ) .

There was an ill defined mass in the right iliac fossa and multiple anal skin tags .
there was an ill defined mass in the right iliac fossa and [many] anal skin tags .

Histological examination of the resected colon confirmed Crohn 's colitis with patchy full thickness inflammation and multiple granulomata .
histological examination of the resected colon confirmed crohn 's colitis with patchy full thickness inflammation and [many] granulomata .

Between October 1989 and August 1991 multiple courses of antibiotics were given , and 12 separate operations to open perineal sinuses and abscesses were performed , but improvements were short lived .
between october 1989 and august 1991 [many] courses of antibiotics were given , and 12 separate operations to open perineal sinuses and abscesses were performed , but improvements were short lived .

At operation she was noted to have multiple , grey , firm peritoneal nodules mainly in the infrahepatic space but also throughout the peritoneum .
at operation she was noted to have [many] , grey , firm peritoneal nodules mainly in the infrahepatic space but also throughout the peritoneum .

Assuming a single positive in the samples tested , the screening multiple ( the ratio between the screening rate and the screening load ) also increases exponentially ( at a rate n/2n+3 ) and in a 2020 array is 400/43 or 9.3 , meaning information is obtained on 9.3 samples for every one tested .
assuming a single positive in the samples tested , the screening [many] ( the ratio between the screening rate and the screening load ) also increases exponentially ( at a rate n/2n+3 ) and in a 2020 array is 400/43 or 9.3 , meaning information is obtained on 9.3 samples for every one tested .

Multiple hard stones , greater than 1 cm in diameter , each requiring lithotripsy and removal piecemeal , took much longer to remove than a solitary stone of less than 1 cm in diameter .
[many] hard stones , greater than 1 cm in diameter , each requiring lithotripsy and removal piecemeal , took much longer to remove than a solitary stone of less than 1 cm in diameter .

It was shorter for single stage procedures ( median two days , range one to 14 ) than those done in multiple stages ( median five days , range four to 25 ) .
it was shorter for single stage procedures ( median two days , range one to 14 ) than those done in [many] stages ( median five days , range four to 25 ) .

The value of this treatment for multiple stones , which would include 76 % of our patients , is less certain .
the value of this treatment for [many] stones , which would include 76 % of our patients , is less certain .

Influence of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1
influence of [many] endocrine neoplasia type 1

The statistical significance of the differences in pressure obtained was assessed using analysis of variance followed by Sheffe 's method for multiple comparison .
the statistical significance of the differences in pressure obtained was assessed using analysis of variance followed by sheffe 's method for [many] comparison .

Serum aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase were measured by sequential multiple autoanalysers .
serum aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase were measured by sequential [many] autoanalysers .

Multiple sampling for exfoliative cytology has been shown to improve the sensitivity of the technique but is time consuming .
[many] sampling for exfoliative cytology has been shown to improve the sensitivity of the technique but is time consuming .

These disorders include ankylosing spondylitis , Behet 's disease , psoriasis , iritis , thrombocytopenic purpura and synstemic lupus erythematosus , and multiple sclerosis .
these disorders include ankylosing spondylitis , behet 's disease , psoriasis , iritis , thrombocytopenic purpura and synstemic lupus erythematosus , and [many] sclerosis .

Consequently , available prolonged oesophageal manometric recordings can not differentiate between deglutitive and non-deglutitive motor activity and they are unable to distinguish multiple pressure peaks induced by a single deglutition from a pressure complex induced by repetitive swallowing , or to separate dry swallows from wet or solid swallows .
consequently , available prolonged oesophageal manometric recordings can not differentiate between deglutitive and non-deglutitive motor activity and they are unable to distinguish [many] pressure peaks induced by a single deglutition from a pressure complex induced by repetitive swallowing , or to separate dry swallows from wet or solid swallows .

Multiple biopsies sample much less than 1 % of the surface area of the colon .
[many] biopsies sample much less than 1 % of the surface area of the colon .

The presence of multiple replication errors or microsatellite instability within tumours is actually associated with increased survival .
the presence of [many] replication errors or microsatellite instability within tumours is actually associated with increased survival .

Multiple active compounds in individual herbs makes understanding the pharmacology of these medicines exceedingly difficult and this is further complicated when multiple herbal formulations are used .
[many] active compounds in individual herbs makes understanding the pharmacology of these medicines exceedingly difficult and this is further complicated when [many] herbal formulations are used .

The program copes with multiple pregnancies and marriages , and , apposite for the Egyptian royals where it was the norm , consanguinity .
the program copes with [many] pregnancies and marriages , and , apposite for the egyptian royals where it was the norm , consanguinity .

Dissection was tedious because of multiple adhesions .
dissection was tedious because of [many] adhesions .

This finding confirms those from studies of multiple primary melanomas that large numbers of naevi are a risk factor for second and subsequent primary tumours .
this finding confirms those from studies of [many] primary melanomas that large numbers of naevi are a risk factor for second and subsequent primary tumours .

Intracerebral microdialysis began more than twenty years ago when Delgado sealed the end of Gaddum 's push-pull cannula with a semipermeable membrane , combined it with a multiple electrode , called it a ‘ dialytrode ’ , and stuck it in a monkey brain .
intracerebral microdialysis began more than twenty years ago when delgado sealed the end of gaddum 's push-pull cannula with a semipermeable membrane , combined it with a [many] electrode , called it a ‘ dialytrode ’ , and stuck it in a monkey brain .

Coronary ateriography displays occlusive coronary artery disease , often involving multiple vessels and frequently with evidence of previous myocardial infarction , in a large majority of patients .
coronary ateriography displays occlusive coronary artery disease , often involving [many] vessels and frequently with evidence of previous myocardial infarction , in a large majority of patients .

9–1 ) with respect to education , health care and the like so that multiple deprivations are avoided .
9–1 ) with respect to education , health care and the like so that [many] deprivations are avoided .

However , with multiple groupings , some of the advantages of cost-sharing may be lost .
however , with [many] groupings , some of the advantages of cost-sharing may be lost .

no multiple versions of the same file specification exist on the primary directory
no [many] versions of the same file specification exist on the primary directory

The Law of Multiple Proportions ( Dalton , 1803 )
the law of [many] proportions ( dalton , 1803 )

However , for covalent substances consisting of simple molecules , the formula is often a simple multiple of the empirical formula ( see table 4.3 ) .
however , for covalent substances consisting of simple molecules , the formula is often a simple [many] of the empirical formula ( see table 4.3 ) .

Some elements , particularly d-block metals , have multiple valencies ( see table 4.21 ) .
some elements , particularly d-block metals , have [many] valencies ( see table 4.21 ) .

Microprocessors keep multiple banks of registers on the chip to avoid register saving and restoring .
microprocessors keep [many] banks of registers on the chip to avoid register saving and restoring .

Rodríguez announced on March 2 , 1989 , that the government had ( i ) freed the exchange rate from Central Bank control ; ( ii ) ended the system of multiple exchange rates and minimum export prices ; ( iii ) removed price controls and differential interest rates ; and ( iv ) begun the removal of subsidies and monopoly privileges in parts of the public sector ( such as in the sale and distribution of sugar , alcohol and rum , and in the marketing of alcohol fuel ) .
rodríguez announced on march 2 , 1989 , that the government had ( i ) freed the exchange rate from central bank control ; ( ii ) ended the system of [many] exchange rates and minimum export prices ; ( iii ) removed price controls and differential interest rates ; and ( iv ) begun the removal of subsidies and monopoly privileges in parts of the public sector ( such as in the sale and distribution of sugar , alcohol and rum , and in the marketing of alcohol fuel ) .

Alluding to the multiple crises of inter-ethnic and nationalist strife , collapsing Communist Party support , economic chaos and a greatly increasing incidence of crime , he asserted : `` Today is the time to decide all these questions .
alluding to the [many] crises of inter-ethnic and nationalist strife , collapsing communist party support , economic chaos and a greatly increasing incidence of crime , he asserted : `` today is the time to decide all these questions .

The most obvious occasion where this occurs is in the sale of a private company with multiple shareholders .
the most obvious occasion where this occurs is in the sale of a private company with [many] shareholders .

Deal terms often provide for consideration to be calculated on a multiple of profits , calculated in accordance with a pre-arranged formula .
deal terms often provide for consideration to be calculated on a [many] of profits , calculated in accordance with a pre-arranged formula .

This was based on adjusted maintainable pre-tax earnings of £ [ specify ] and a post-tax earnings of multiple of [ specify number ] .
this was based on adjusted maintainable pre-tax earnings of £ [ specify ] and a post-tax earnings of [many] of [ specify number ] .

For example , if a breach were to affect the profitability of the Business , it would be unfair to compensate the Purchaser by simply paying back the lost profits when the Purchaser has paid a price calculated by reference to a multiple of profits .
for example , if a breach were to affect the profitability of the business , it would be unfair to compensate the purchaser by simply paying back the lost profits when the purchaser has paid a price calculated by reference to a [many] of profits .

Then his ears picked up the soft pattering of multiple animal feet , and the sound of undergrowth being brushed lightly aside by swiftly moving bodies .
then his ears picked up the soft pattering of [many] animal feet , and the sound of undergrowth being brushed lightly aside by swiftly moving bodies .

The research is to uncover and outline all the elements upon which multiple territorial entities could arise .
the research is to uncover and outline all the elements upon which [many] territorial entities could arise .

One major difficulty of such an approach is its inability to deal with multiple objectives .
one major difficulty of such an approach is its inability to deal with [many] objectives .

Strategy development for the urban location of multiple retail outlets of a confectionary firm : a feasibility investigation
strategy development for the urban location of [many] retail outlets of a confectionary firm : a feasibility investigation

The four month feasibility study investigated methods of determining the effect of pedestrian flow networks in city centres upon the location of multiple outlets of a single firm--in this case Thornton 's chocolates .
the four month feasibility study investigated methods of determining the effect of pedestrian flow networks in city centres upon the location of [many] outlets of a single firm--in this case thornton 's chocolates .

The third approach rejects the framework of one centralised decision maker and allows for the calculation of a dynamic non-regrettable Nash equilibrium for multiple agents with competing objectives .
the third approach rejects the framework of one centralised decision maker and allows for the calculation of a dynamic non-regrettable nash equilibrium for [many] agents with competing objectives .

This project seeks to examine the extent to which multiple job holding in farm families is a normal feature of the agricultural sector in Scotland .
this project seeks to examine the extent to which [many] job holding in farm families is a normal feature of the agricultural sector in scotland .

Following the serious disturbances in a number of Britain 's cities during the summer of 1985 , the Central Council of Probation Committees strongly recommended to its members that they develop policies to take account of the multiple social deprivations experienced by many probationers , particularly those living in urban areas .
following the serious disturbances in a number of britain 's cities during the summer of 1985 , the central council of probation committees strongly recommended to its members that they develop policies to take account of the [many] social deprivations experienced by many probationers , particularly those living in urban areas .

Risks of crime victimisation and multiple victimisation : a statistical analysis
risks of crime victimisation and [many] victimisation : a statistical analysis

This project will analyse multiple victimisation using statistical modelling techniques .
this project will analyse [many] victimisation using statistical modelling techniques .

In the Changing Farm Economies element , eight research topics were commissioned of which four were concerned with the multiple job holding in farm families in Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland and Europe , two were concerned with modelling different aspects of land use and two were concerned with investigating responses to various policies .
in the changing farm economies element , eight research topics were commissioned of which four were concerned with the [many] job holding in farm families in scotland , wales , northern ireland and europe , two were concerned with modelling different aspects of land use and two were concerned with investigating responses to various policies .

Difficulties associated with the absence of local democratic control over major services in the province , multiple deprivation and civil conflict have led to an increasing focus on the particular needs of Northern Ireland in this area of social policy .
difficulties associated with the absence of local democratic control over major services in the province , [many] deprivation and civil conflict have led to an increasing focus on the particular needs of northern ireland in this area of social policy .

Managing multiple innovations in schools
managing [many] innovations in schools

This initial exploratory study aims to identify how schools cope with the introduction of several innovations at once , to develop theory on the management of planned change , and to develop methods of monitoring the processes involved in managing multiple innovations .
this initial exploratory study aims to identify how schools cope with the introduction of several innovations at once , to develop theory on the management of planned change , and to develop methods of monitoring the processes involved in managing [many] innovations .

Such clients usually had a multiple debt problem , owing money on their mortgage , personal loans and their car .
such clients usually had a [many] debt problem , owing money on their mortgage , personal loans and their car .

The elections were apparently to decide the membership of 26 district councils , but in fact they were more like a refererendum , with multiple choices , on the province 's future .
the elections were apparently to decide the membership of 26 district councils , but in fact they were more like a refererendum , with [many] choices , on the province 's future .

It assesses the evaluation of agricultural structures , the impact of structural policies and the extent of multiple job-holding amongst farm families .
it assesses the evaluation of agricultural structures , the impact of structural policies and the extent of [many] job-holding amongst farm families .

It could be that with the wider use of electronic mail which we anticipate in future , the need for multiple copies of Notices will be reduced .
it could be that with the wider use of electronic mail which we anticipate in future , the need for [many] copies of notices will be reduced .

The procedures look fine for the purchase of one-off and novel items , but it occurs to me that it would save time and effort if we established ‘ preferred suppliers ’ for standard PCs , printers , and peripherals , so that we do n't have to obtain multiple quotes and give reasons for supplier choice each time we order an off-the-shelf system .
the procedures look fine for the purchase of one-off and novel items , but it occurs to me that it would save time and effort if we established ‘ preferred suppliers ’ for standard pcs , printers , and peripherals , so that we do n't have to obtain [many] quotes and give reasons for supplier choice each time we order an off-the-shelf system .

My own recommendation would be that we purchase multiple copies of a booklet currently available at under £1 , and distribute it to users on a one-per-room basis .
my own recommendation would be that we purchase [many] copies of a booklet currently available at under £1 , and distribute it to users on a one-per-room basis .

We have standing orders for multiple copies of both publications , as follows :
we have standing orders for [many] copies of both publications , as follows :

3.2 Multiple authorships
3.2 [many] authorships

Abelson 1 noticed an increasing trend toward multiple authorship , deriving from the increasing size and cost of large science projects , such as space science and particle physics , where large numbers of people in multi-disciplinary teams are involved in carrying out relatively small numbers of experiments or observations .
abelson 1 noticed an increasing trend toward [many] authorship , deriving from the increasing size and cost of large science projects , such as space science and particle physics , where large numbers of people in multi-disciplinary teams are involved in carrying out relatively small numbers of experiments or observations .

Each phase is distributed over several stator teeth and , since there must be as many stator teeth directing flux towards the rotor as away from it , the number of stator teeth has to be an even multiple of the number of phases , e.g .
each phase is distributed over several stator teeth and , since there must be as many stator teeth directing flux towards the rotor as away from it , the number of stator teeth has to be an even [many] of the number of phases , e.g .

For larger displacements the rotor and stator teeth become aligned in stable equilibrium at a distance which is a multiple of the rotor tooth pitch from the required step position .
for larger displacements the rotor and stator teeth become aligned in stable equilibrium at a distance which is a [many] of the rotor tooth pitch from the required step position .

Efficient utilisation of processing capacity is obtained by using an interrupt routine to control tile motor , with the main program being interrupted by a constant frequency clock set at a suitable multiple of the pull-out rate .
efficient utilisation of processing capacity is obtained by using an interrupt routine to control tile motor , with the main program being interrupted by a constant frequency clock set at a suitable [many] of the pull-out rate .

The longer spines are mace-like ; with a slightly rugose body and a head with multiple points .
the longer spines are mace-like ; with a slightly rugose body and a head with [many] points .

The jaw is typical of the genus with multiple spine-like apical papillae and oral papillae along its edge .
the jaw is typical of the genus with [many] spine-like apical papillae and oral papillae along its edge .

Truisms like ‘ the world is full of things that have what it takes to be in the world ’ are trivial , almost silly , until we come to apply them to a special kind of durability , durability in the form of lineages of multiple copies .
truisms like ‘ the world is full of things that have what it takes to be in the world ’ are trivial , almost silly , until we come to apply them to a special kind of durability , durability in the form of lineages of [many] copies .

Hence multiple copies of a given fragment of text can be found all around the surface of the disc , the more so if the disc is old and much used .
hence [many] copies of a given fragment of text can be found all around the surface of the disc , the more so if the disc is old and much used .

The client is a woman from Devon who has Multiple Sclerosis and is separated from her husband .
the client is a woman from devon who has [many] sclerosis and is separated from her husband .

PC-Write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed operation for multiple document editing and full mouse operation .
pc-write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed operation for [many] document editing and full mouse operation .

PC-Write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed operation for multiple document editing and full mouse operation .
pc-write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed operation for [many] document editing and full mouse operation .

It 's tempting to be manly and brutal at times but it often pays to be more cautions with your responses that are selected using a multiple choice system .
it 's tempting to be manly and brutal at times but it often pays to be more cautions with your responses that are selected using a [many] choice system .

You can do whatever you want ! Coming back to labels , DLabel is pre-loaded with standard Avery label sizes and sheet formats , and can also handle customised sizes , multiple labels across a sheet and so forth .
you can do whatever you want ! coming back to labels , dlabel is pre-loaded with standard avery label sizes and sheet formats , and can also handle customised sizes , [many] labels across a sheet and so forth .

Improv for Windows also offers unparalleled flexibility to : * Create multiple views of the same worksheet , * Expand summarised data to show detail , and * Hide or display any part of a worksheet for greater clarity .
improv for windows also offers unparalleled flexibility to : * create [many] views of the same worksheet , * expand summarised data to show detail , and * hide or display any part of a worksheet for greater clarity .

Power Toolbox goes further than this , though , as you can define a set of buttons for individual applications , so , for instance , you could design a set for Word for Windows to do things like applying styles to paragraphs , saving files in multiple formats — almost anything you choose .
power toolbox goes further than this , though , as you can define a set of buttons for individual applications , so , for instance , you could design a set for word for windows to do things like applying styles to paragraphs , saving files in [many] formats — almost anything you choose .

Spellbound also allows multiple levels of difficulty from the relatively easy to the very difficult , and with its word editing features should have quite a long shelf life .
spellbound also allows [many] levels of difficulty from the relatively easy to the very difficult , and with its word editing features should have quite a long shelf life .

Multiple fonts in a window , WordPerfect characters ( dialog like WPwin ) , word wrap
[many] fonts in a window , wordperfect characters ( dialog like wpwin ) , word wrap

Each item has its own main menu which includes options for inserting text , graphics , printing , print multiple copies , preview ( with the exception of banners and signs ) , loading and saving .
each item has its own main menu which includes options for inserting text , graphics , printing , print [many] copies , preview ( with the exception of banners and signs ) , loading and saving .

You can then print in your customised design , Multiple databases are supported .
you can then print in your customised design , [many] databases are supported .

Enter Rooms for Windows , a shell that takes the metaphor of a building to give not just multiple desktops , but also multiple environments , each of which is called a room .
enter rooms for windows , a shell that takes the metaphor of a building to give not just [many] desktops , but also [many] environments , each of which is called a room .

You can also use partial matches by using wildcard characters and you can specify multiple matches .
you can also use partial matches by using wildcard characters and you can specify [many] matches .

An equally unusual feature of the program is its multiple window capability .
an equally unusual feature of the program is its [many] window capability .

For long documents , PC-Type allows a single document to be created from multiple files and tables of contents , and indexes can be generated .
for long documents , pc-type allows a single document to be created from [many] files and tables of contents , and indexes can be generated .

The counting and scoring options are particularly useful in this respect This allows the program to keep track of responses to true/false or multiple choice questions .
the counting and scoring options are particularly useful in this respect this allows the program to keep track of responses to true/false or [many] choice questions .

If you are using a multi-tasker try not run a large number of programs at the same . Shut down programs that you are not using and avoid running multiple copies of the same thing !
if you are using a multi-tasker try not run a large number of programs at the same . shut down programs that you are not using and avoid running [many] copies of the same thing !

You can also create templates for often-used page formats , which perform the same task , and speed up the job of reading multiple pages .
you can also create templates for often-used page formats , which perform the same task , and speed up the job of reading [many] pages .

Flatbed scanner users ( like us ) have to feed the sheets in by hand ( but can read text from books without photocopying them first — swings and roundabouts ) but retain the facility to read multiple pages .
flatbed scanner users ( like us ) have to feed the sheets in by hand ( but can read text from books without photocopying them first — swings and roundabouts ) but retain the facility to read [many] pages .

It uses multiple media data types .
it uses [many] media data types .

To begin with , people thought that electric charges could be arbitrarily big or small , but Faraday made the crucial step of showing that charged atoms , or ions , are always associated with a fixed amount of charge or some multiple thereof , suggesting atoms of electric charge .
to begin with , people thought that electric charges could be arbitrarily big or small , but faraday made the crucial step of showing that charged atoms , or ions , are always associated with a fixed amount of charge or some [many] thereof , suggesting atoms of electric charge .

To quote the Arnolfini poster blurb : ‘ Exploring the multiple possibilities of photographic ‘ images ’ , the artists use a kaleidoscope of new visual technologies to spectacular effect … the audience is invited to literally enter and participate in the works on show ’ .
to quote the arnolfini poster blurb : ‘ exploring the [many] possibilities of photographic ‘ images ’ , the artists use a kaleidoscope of new visual technologies to spectacular effect … the audience is invited to literally enter and participate in the works on show ’ .

When gesture us used as a foil for the more flatly painted areas ( as in ‘ So much depends ’ ) , it appears repetitiously over the painting 's ground and , relegated literally to the background , is emptied of special status by its multiple application .
when gesture us used as a foil for the more flatly painted areas ( as in ‘ so much depends ’ ) , it appears repetitiously over the painting 's ground and , relegated literally to the background , is emptied of special status by its [many] application .

Due to the increased complexity arising from multiple word candidates in the input and the requirement that the system provide a wide coverage of English the use of an ATN-based grammar was considered unsuitable for the current application .
due to the increased complexity arising from [many] word candidates in the input and the requirement that the system provide a wide coverage of english the use of an atn-based grammar was considered unsuitable for the current application .

Extending the system to deal with multiple candidate words could be problematic .
extending the system to deal with [many] candidate words could be problematic .

The two major problems involved are related to the spelling changes that can occur when morphemes combine and the multiple segmentations that are possible for many words .
the two major problems involved are related to the spelling changes that can occur when morphemes combine and the [many] segmentations that are possible for many words .

Words possessing more than one meaning or usage must be allocated multiple entries within the lexicon .
words possessing more than one meaning or usage must be allocated [many] entries within the lexicon .

As a result of the syntactic ambiguity and the number of grammar rules that can be satisfied , multiple parses are possible .
as a result of the syntactic ambiguity and the number of grammar rules that can be satisfied , [many] parses are possible .

Rainbow would love to listen in , but there is a little problem with roadworks , a contraflow , a multiple collision initiated by someone impatient with his brains in his backside , and a queue of drivers tortoising past the mess for a spot of ghoulish sightseeing .
rainbow would love to listen in , but there is a little problem with roadworks , a contraflow , a [many] collision initiated by someone impatient with his brains in his backside , and a queue of drivers tortoising past the mess for a spot of ghoulish sightseeing .

Partly because the words are muffled by a warm , dense wall of flesh ; partly because they are rhyming couplets of multiple hexameters , mouthed in an obscure Baltic dialect now lost .
partly because the words are muffled by a warm , dense wall of flesh ; partly because they are rhyming couplets of [many] hexameters , mouthed in an obscure baltic dialect now lost .

The single paintings made by Bosch have evolved into the multiple images and mass reproduction of modern cinema and television .
the single paintings made by bosch have evolved into the [many] images and mass reproduction of modern cinema and television .

Once there were thousands of varieties of apples just as there were multiple varieties of most plant foods .
once there were thousands of varieties of apples just as there were [many] varieties of most plant foods .

On locomotive-hauled trains , a flashing red light is used by British Rail , while on multiple units a static light is used .
on locomotive-hauled trains , a flashing red light is used by british rail , while on [many] units a static light is used .

Mr. Parsons , of Fenny Compton , Warwickshire , a driver with Fine Lady Bakeries in Banbury , died from multiple injuries in the crash early on February 18 .
mr. parsons , of fenny compton , warwickshire , a driver with fine lady bakeries in banbury , died from [many] injuries in the crash early on february 18 .

That would cover people with cystic fibrosis , inflammatory bowel disease , asthma , multiple sclerosis , cancer and a host of other long-term illnesses .
that would cover people with cystic fibrosis , inflammatory bowel disease , asthma , [many] sclerosis , cancer and a host of other long-term illnesses .

Both photocopiers have been set for multiple copies , and both have run out of paper .
both photocopiers have been set for [many] copies , and both have run out of paper .

Has he forgotten , in just an hour and a half , the pleasure that he gave to his own backwoodsmen by telling stories about multiple applications ?
has he forgotten , in just an hour and a half , the pleasure that he gave to his own backwoodsmen by telling stories about [many] applications ?

Similarly , Marshall Sahlins 's work on the Hawaiian islanders in his Islands of History , though far more acutely aware of contending multiple narratives trying to ascribe different significances to the same happenings , is also organised so that it allows Sahlins to present a narrative wherein conflicting stories/histories are mapped out in a framework which explores these histories ' interpenetrations , their assimilations of each other rather than their refusals of each other .
similarly , marshall sahlins 's work on the hawaiian islanders in his islands of history , though far more acutely aware of contending [many] narratives trying to ascribe different significances to the same happenings , is also organised so that it allows sahlins to present a narrative wherein conflicting stories/histories are mapped out in a framework which explores these histories ' interpenetrations , their assimilations of each other rather than their refusals of each other .

The difficulties in authorising one version of a play which has a multiple existence has been a preoccupation of Shakespearean editors over the last decade .
the difficulties in authorising one version of a play which has a [many] existence has been a preoccupation of shakespearean editors over the last decade .

It is permitted to speak of multiple versions , but editorial principles are still seeking to create authorised versions , this time based on a ‘ final ’ revision .
it is permitted to speak of [many] versions , but editorial principles are still seeking to create authorised versions , this time based on a ‘ final ’ revision .

Current editorial practice elides the implications of multiple texts .
current editorial practice elides the implications of [many] texts .

We may allow multiple versions , but as long as editors are concerned to establish some idea of final versions differentiated from earlier versions , and both conceived as the product of a revising author , the question of textual authority is open to be resolved .
we may allow [many] versions , but as long as editors are concerned to establish some idea of final versions differentiated from earlier versions , and both conceived as the product of a revising author , the question of textual authority is open to be resolved .

Pressure for multiple units has been alleviated by making the 09.25 summer Saturday Birmingham to Pwllheli loco-hauled with a 31 providing the motive power .
pressure for [many] units has been alleviated by making the 09.25 summer saturday birmingham to pwllheli loco-hauled with a 31 providing the motive power .

Most economists would agree that a single European currency , which would also imply a European Central Bank to control it , would encourage trade thanks to the absence of uncertainty in relation to exchange rates and to the elimination of transactions costs inherent in dealing in a multiple of currencies .
most economists would agree that a single european currency , which would also imply a european central bank to control it , would encourage trade thanks to the absence of uncertainty in relation to exchange rates and to the elimination of transactions costs inherent in dealing in a [many] of currencies .

Because of their simplicity and power , these models promise to systematise the analysis of multiple response data arising from social surveys .
because of their simplicity and power , these models promise to systematise the analysis of [many] response data arising from social surveys .

These come with single or multiple ( usually 2 or 4 ) boss sockets which will be 50mm size to take boss connectors as above .
these come with single or [many] ( usually 2 or 4 ) boss sockets which will be 50mm size to take boss connectors as above .

The Air Services regulation agreed and signed by the Council of Transport Ministers in Luxembourg on 22 June 1992 was certainly clear in its intent : ‘ Whereas air fares should normally be determined freely by market forces … ’ it begins ; with respect to the question of access of competing airlines to particular routes , it continues , ‘ Whereas it is necessary to abolish restrictions concerning multiple designation … ’
the air services regulation agreed and signed by the council of transport ministers in luxembourg on 22 june 1992 was certainly clear in its intent : ‘ whereas air fares should normally be determined freely by market forces … ’ it begins ; with respect to the question of access of competing airlines to particular routes , it continues , ‘ whereas it is necessary to abolish restrictions concerning [many] designation … ’

For powders or microcrystalline samples , multiple external reflections among grains destroy polarization , so that we can not obtain useful data .
for powders or microcrystalline samples , [many] external reflections among grains destroy polarization , so that we can not obtain useful data .

Except for multiple bonds with very high force constants or for single bonds between light first-row elements ( e.g .
except for [many] bonds with very high force constants or for single bonds between light first-row elements ( e.g .

There is no source of multiple equilibria from different specifications of these beliefs .
there is no source of [many] equilibria from different specifications of these beliefs .

Nevertheless , an enormous amount of information about a sedimentary deposit may be obtained from systematic examination of the multiple sub-populations of which most are formed .
nevertheless , an enormous amount of information about a sedimentary deposit may be obtained from systematic examination of the [many] sub-populations of which most are formed .

The reliability of the sedimentation tube methods , as determined by good reproducibility of results from repeated analysis of the same samples and by analysis of multiple sub-samples from individual sediments , has been recorded by many workers .
the reliability of the sedimentation tube methods , as determined by good reproducibility of results from repeated analysis of the same samples and by analysis of [many] sub-samples from individual sediments , has been recorded by many workers .

Recently , several examples have been discovered where multiple images of a single quasar are seen .
recently , several examples have been discovered where [many] images of a single quasar are seen .

Recent studies of quasars have identified multiple images produced in this way .
recent studies of quasars have identified [many] images produced in this way .

Brenda Denvir takes up one of the most pressing contemporary issues , that of the multiple roles of assessment in schools , by looking at the intimately-related questions of ‘ what are we assessing ?
brenda denvir takes up one of the most pressing contemporary issues , that of the [many] roles of assessment in schools , by looking at the intimately-related questions of ‘ what are we assessing ?

Yes , it 's informal … it 's not like the computing department here producing reports , as they recently did , which are multiple choice .
yes , it 's informal … it 's not like the computing department here producing reports , as they recently did , which are [many] choice .

From the above brief outline of work attempting to get to grips with the character of aesthetic response it can be seen that it is both complex and ‘ multi-layered ’ , a term used by Greger ( 1972 ) to describe how multiple meanings come to attain a feeling of significance by being grasped at the threshold of consciousness .
from the above brief outline of work attempting to get to grips with the character of aesthetic response it can be seen that it is both complex and ‘ multi-layered ’ , a term used by greger ( 1972 ) to describe how [many] meanings come to attain a feeling of significance by being grasped at the threshold of consciousness .

He draws attention to what he calls multiple estates , that is large areas of land made up of smaller units — the territories referred to later .
he draws attention to what he calls [many] estates , that is large areas of land made up of smaller units — the territories referred to later .

This section has attempted to show that more research is needed into the make-up of multiple estates in the earliest periods for which documents exist .
this section has attempted to show that more research is needed into the make-up of [many] estates in the earliest periods for which documents exist .

The Ullmann-Harris multiple nuclei model was assessed .
the ullmann-harris [many] nuclei model was assessed .

Multiple nuclei describes a big city that has expanded and absorbed small towns and villages and has thus created outlying service areas .
[many] nuclei describes a big city that has expanded and absorbed small towns and villages and has thus created outlying service areas .

Given that San Sebastian was then a hive of intrigue and rumour ; that there were multiple connections between the parties involved ; and that they had a common interest in retaining political initiative in their own , civilian hands , it seems not impossible that the Falangists and Carlists were aware of the negotiations between Cavaletti and Aguirre .
given that san sebastian was then a hive of intrigue and rumour ; that there were [many] connections between the parties involved ; and that they had a common interest in retaining political initiative in their own , civilian hands , it seems not impossible that the falangists and carlists were aware of the negotiations between cavaletti and aguirre .

Multiple Choice
[many] choice

Piloting recognition tests for films gathered in Study 1 made it clear that for subjects who know Cambridge moderately well recognizing a particular Cambridge junction from among distractors is relatively easy , thus to avoid ceiling effects it was decided to use multiple different films of various individual junctions as recognition stimuli .
piloting recognition tests for films gathered in study 1 made it clear that for subjects who know cambridge moderately well recognizing a particular cambridge junction from among distractors is relatively easy , thus to avoid ceiling effects it was decided to use [many] different films of various individual junctions as recognition stimuli .

Because multiple exemplars of each junction have been used in the previous studies this information would have been nearly identical in all six exemplars of each junction .
because [many] exemplars of each junction have been used in the previous studies this information would have been nearly identical in all six exemplars of each junction .

Although it was desired to have as wide a selection of situations as possible in the stimulus set , caution dictated against simply selecting a random set of situations differing along multiple dimensions .
although it was desired to have as wide a selection of situations as possible in the stimulus set , caution dictated against simply selecting a random set of situations differing along [many] dimensions .

Although the previous studies have not demonstrated any simple relationship between previous knowledge of junctions and memory performance , this may have been because multiple exemplars of each junction were presented in the recognition studies .
although the previous studies have not demonstrated any simple relationship between previous knowledge of junctions and memory performance , this may have been because [many] exemplars of each junction were presented in the recognition studies .

Whereas in the previous studies subjects have had prior knowledge of a junction and multiple exposures to it , in this study subjects only see a junction once , in just one set of traffic conditions and at the same time as making a risk assessment .
whereas in the previous studies subjects have had prior knowledge of a junction and [many] exposures to it , in this study subjects only see a junction once , in just one set of traffic conditions and at the same time as making a risk assessment .

multiple estimates of objective risk for the same junction ) .
[many] estimates of objective risk for the same junction ) .

This could be because risks at dangerous junctions tend to be multiple and often specific to individual films while risks at safer junctions are often single and common to many exemplars .
this could be because risks at dangerous junctions tend to be [many] and often specific to individual films while risks at safer junctions are often single and common to many exemplars .

The argument was that knowledge of multiple specific risks enhances recognition while knowledge of a few general risks does not , in fact attending to these risks will cause subjects to make false alarms in a recognition test when similar risks appear in films which had not been previously viewed , hence impairing recognition sensitivity .
the argument was that knowledge of [many] specific risks enhances recognition while knowledge of a few general risks does not , in fact attending to these risks will cause subjects to make false alarms in a recognition test when similar risks appear in films which had not been previously viewed , hence impairing recognition sensitivity .

This interaction in Figure 7.1 is particularly interesting , the multiple comparisons show that for high risk junctions both high and medium risk exemplars are given significantly more descriptions than low risk exemplars , p < 0.01 .
this interaction in figure 7.1 is particularly interesting , the [many] comparisons show that for high risk junctions both high and medium risk exemplars are given significantly more descriptions than low risk exemplars , p < 0.01 .

The scheme will not apply to staff who are contracted to work at multiple locations .
the scheme will not apply to staff who are contracted to work at [many] locations .

Thus co-ordination is , in a sense , virtually always a derived relation or `` para-relation `` in that it can be theoretically discarded , provided only that one accepts multiple operation of the other relations .
thus co-ordination is , in a sense , virtually always a derived relation or `` para-relation `` in that it can be theoretically discarded , provided only that one accepts [many] operation of the other relations .

3.2 Multiple authorships
3.2 [many] authorships

Abelson noticed an increasing trend toward multiple authorship , deriving from the increasing size and cost of large science projects , such as space science and particle physics , where large numbers of people in multi-disciplinary teams are involved in carrying out relatively small numbers of experiments or observations .
abelson noticed an increasing trend toward [many] authorship , deriving from the increasing size and cost of large science projects , such as space science and particle physics , where large numbers of people in multi-disciplinary teams are involved in carrying out relatively small numbers of experiments or observations .

Bad practices include multiple publication of papers in several forms by unscrupulous publishers ; the serial publication of minimal pieces of information [ the ‘ least publishable unit ' ] ; self-citation , and mutual citation .
bad practices include [many] publication of papers in several forms by unscrupulous publishers ; the serial publication of minimal pieces of information [ the ‘ least publishable unit ' ] ; self-citation , and mutual citation .

Similarly , some theses showed equal multiple citations in different years , which again precludes determining a single peak .
similarly , some theses showed equal [many] citations in different years , which again precludes determining a single peak .

Of the total of 680 citations , 196 ( 29 % ) are self-citations , including multiple self-citations .
of the total of 680 citations , 196 ( 29 % ) are self-citations , including [many] self-citations .

In some cases such multiple choice items form attitude scales in which each alternative is given a numerical weighting so that a set of such items can be cumulated to give the respondent an overall score on the scale .
in some cases such [many] choice items form attitude scales in which each alternative is given a numerical weighting so that a set of such items can be cumulated to give the respondent an overall score on the scale .

He spent some hours in the United Kingdom on May 18 , visiting a plant of Royal Ordnance , a British Aerospace subsidiary , to review the development of a multiple rocket artillery system which had been the subject of a contract signed in September 1990 by Royal Ordnance and the Chilean firm Famae .
he spent some hours in the united kingdom on may 18 , visiting a plant of royal ordnance , a british aerospace subsidiary , to review the development of a [many] rocket artillery system which had been the subject of a contract signed in september 1990 by royal ordnance and the chilean firm famae .

It called for ( i ) the harmonization of national migration and asylum policies in conformity with the Geneva Conventions of the International Red Cross ; ( ii ) the exchange of information on labour markets ; and ( iii ) the introduction of measures to prevent multiple applications for asylum and illegal employment of immigrants .
it called for ( i ) the harmonization of national migration and asylum policies in conformity with the geneva conventions of the international red cross ; ( ii ) the exchange of information on labour markets ; and ( iii ) the introduction of measures to prevent [many] applications for asylum and illegal employment of immigrants .

Some parties complained of voting irregularities , such as multiple voting , but foreign observers said that any such irregularities had not been sufficiently widespread to have influenced the result .
some parties complained of voting irregularities , such as [many] voting , but foreign observers said that any such irregularities had not been sufficiently widespread to have influenced the result .

It had been postponed from May 17 to May 19 after it was found on May 16 that a consignment of indelible ink donated by Germany — with which it was proposed to stamp voters ' hands in order to prevent multiple voting in the absence of electoral registers — was in fact easily washed off .
it had been postponed from may 17 to may 19 after it was found on may 16 that a consignment of indelible ink donated by germany — with which it was proposed to stamp voters ' hands in order to prevent [many] voting in the absence of electoral registers — was in fact easily washed off .

These tensions were heightened by allegations made after the first-round most vocally by Macedonian nationalists that Albanians had perpetrated a massive multiple voting fraud .
these tensions were heightened by allegations made after the first-round most vocally by macedonian nationalists that albanians had perpetrated a massive [many] voting fraud .

As Tyminski 's showing in opinion polls improved dramatically , doubts were raised regarding his credentials and background , his qualifications , his multiple citizenships , his business dealings , his leadership of the fringe Libertarian Party of Canada , and even his mental stability .
as tyminski 's showing in opinion polls improved dramatically , doubts were raised regarding his credentials and background , his qualifications , his [many] citizenships , his business dealings , his leadership of the fringe libertarian party of canada , and even his mental stability .

In its announcement the Supreme Court gave details of a number of irregularities including the compilation and circulation of illegal voter registers , multiple voter registration , the absence of electoral equipment in some polling stations in both the capital Bangui and the interior , and the theft of ballot boxes and voting cards .
in its announcement the supreme court gave details of a number of irregularities including the compilation and circulation of illegal voter registers , [many] voter registration , the absence of electoral equipment in some polling stations in both the capital bangui and the interior , and the theft of ballot boxes and voting cards .

The goals and objectives of public organisations are often multiple , conflicting and ambiguous .
the goals and objectives of public organisations are often [many] , conflicting and ambiguous .

Multiple screens can offer a range of sources and screens could also include questions and exercises , historical information , or secondary sources as well as primary source material .
[many] screens can offer a range of sources and screens could also include questions and exercises , historical information , or secondary sources as well as primary source material .

The Rachman affair brought matters to a head , and new legislation had to be brought in to control `` houses in multiple occupation `` … the modern equivalent of `` houses let in lodgings `` .
the rachman affair brought matters to a head , and new legislation had to be brought in to control `` houses in [many] occupation `` … the modern equivalent of `` houses let in lodgings `` .

Scandalous conditions developed in areas of acute housing pressure ( particularly in London ) where obsolete large houses were subdivided into multiple lettings .
scandalous conditions developed in areas of acute housing pressure ( particularly in london ) where obsolete large houses were subdivided into [many] lettings .

Cassettes and other things may be purchased for multiple reasons — perhaps usually they are .
cassettes and other things may be purchased for [many] reasons — perhaps usually they are .

Cards can be pre-issued , integrated into automatic check-out systems , integrated into service out systems , integrated into service facilities and even contain key combinations and guest information for multiple lodging within the same hotel group .
cards can be pre-issued , integrated into automatic check-out systems , integrated into service out systems , integrated into service facilities and even contain key combinations and guest information for [many] lodging within the same hotel group .

Multiple aptitude batteries are able to provide a measure of the individual 's standing in each of a number of traits , producing a profile on which job decisions can be made .
[many] aptitude batteries are able to provide a measure of the individual 's standing in each of a number of traits , producing a profile on which job decisions can be made .

Tests in use today for personnel selection include both multiple aptitude batteries like the Differential Aptitude test which provides the kind of profile described above , and specific aptitude tests like the General Clerical Test which concentrates on one group of skills .
tests in use today for personnel selection include both [many] aptitude batteries like the differential aptitude test which provides the kind of profile described above , and specific aptitude tests like the general clerical test which concentrates on one group of skills .

These are in relation to the degree of probability of damage occurring , negligent omissions and multiple causes of harm .
these are in relation to the degree of probability of damage occurring , negligent omissions and [many] causes of harm .

Multiple causes may be either successive or concurrent .
[many] causes may be either successive or concurrent .

Multiple defendants
[many] defendants

As discussed above , a more robust recognition system may result from allowing multiple interpretations of a segment , and letting lexical access make the final decision about whether a segment is or , for example , in the context of or , since neither gis , nor kif are valid lexical sequences .
as discussed above , a more robust recognition system may result from allowing [many] interpretations of a segment , and letting lexical access make the final decision about whether a segment is or , for example , in the context of or , since neither gis , nor kif are valid lexical sequences .

The ability to mark discrimination points is lost since ambiguity of word boundaries in connected speech , together with multiple choices of phoneme labels , means that a variable number of paths through the tree will be pursued more or less in parallel at any particular point in processing .
the ability to mark discrimination points is lost since ambiguity of word boundaries in connected speech , together with [many] choices of phoneme labels , means that a variable number of paths through the tree will be pursued more or less in parallel at any particular point in processing .

In place of the set splitting inherent in the the tree , we will require a dynamic memory structure such as the Chart for recording the multiple word tokens under consideration , and a process which is capable both of rating the goodness of fit of numerous possibly overlapping word hypotheses to the current input , and of determining when enough information has been gathered to select one of them .
in place of the set splitting inherent in the the tree , we will require a dynamic memory structure such as the chart for recording the [many] word tokens under consideration , and a process which is capable both of rating the goodness of fit of numerous possibly overlapping word hypotheses to the current input , and of determining when enough information has been gathered to select one of them .

At this stage , a menu is submitted , along with a completed multiple choice questionnaire designed to test the wide range of the students ' skills .
at this stage , a menu is submitted , along with a completed [many] choice questionnaire designed to test the wide range of the students ' skills .

But the end product would be very different — not indecisive and multiple , but single and decisive .
but the end product would be very different — not indecisive and [many] , but single and decisive .

multiple context
[many] context

One could then make a multiple stimulus-response drill where two stimuli are given each time , and you have to choose the appropriate verb form .
one could then make a [many] stimulus-response drill where two stimuli are given each time , and you have to choose the appropriate verb form .

Part is the unwillingness to give up the pleasure of multiple potential : being free to choose everything because you have not yet chosen anything .
part is the unwillingness to give up the pleasure of [many] potential : being free to choose everything because you have not yet chosen anything .

multiple scenarios 112
[many] scenarios 112

The creation of such multiple scenarios is not really a cop-out .
the creation of such [many] scenarios is not really a cop-out .

At the same time there is the danger that such multiple scenarios may be no more valid than creative fiction writing .
at the same time there is the danger that such [many] scenarios may be no more valid than creative fiction writing .

Multiple relaxation times . Relaxation spectrum
[many] relaxation times . relaxation spectrum

The functional may be written , by Frechet 's theorem ( see p. 104 ) , in multiple integral form in the manner of Green and Rivlin .
the functional may be written , by frechet 's theorem ( see p. 104 ) , in [many] integral form in the manner of green and rivlin .

Records of patients with multiple sclerosis were selected as a neurological comparison group .
records of patients with [many] sclerosis were selected as a neurological comparison group .

The Table gives the indings which , for cases and controls after 1976 , includes 540 cases of motor neurone disease , 1370 of multiple sclerosis , and 240258 controls .
the table gives the indings which , for cases and controls after 1976 , includes 540 cases of motor neurone disease , 1370 of [many] sclerosis , and 240258 controls .

It can be seen that patients with multiple sclerosis had a slight excess of previous admissions for peptic ulcer ( morbidity ratio 1.24 ) and patients with motor neurone disease had slightly fewer admissions than expected ( morbidity ratio 0.68 ) .
it can be seen that patients with [many] sclerosis had a slight excess of previous admissions for peptic ulcer ( morbidity ratio 1.24 ) and patients with motor neurone disease had slightly fewer admissions than expected ( morbidity ratio 0.68 ) .

The inding which stimulated this study was generated in the context of multiple significance testing across a wide range of diseases in relation to cimetidine .
the inding which stimulated this study was generated in the context of [many] significance testing across a wide range of diseases in relation to cimetidine .

The small bowel mesentery was thickened and contained multiple enlarged lymph nodes ( Fig 5 ) .
the small bowel mesentery was thickened and contained [many] enlarged lymph nodes ( fig 5 ) .

The pancreatitis patients were divided into two groups — that is , those who had one acute attack and those who had had multiple attacks .
the pancreatitis patients were divided into two groups — that is , those who had one acute attack and those who had had [many] attacks .

Despite multiple clinical trials survival from colorectal carcinomas after optimal surgical removal of the primary tumour has not significantly improved in the past 40 years .
despite [many] clinical trials survival from colorectal carcinomas after optimal surgical removal of the primary tumour has not significantly improved in the past 40 years .

Patients with colonic adenoma or carcinoma show increased labelling indices in ‘ normal ’ biopsy specimens taken from multiple sites , and those with ulcerative proctocolitis have increased crypt cell proliferation even in quiescent disease .
patients with colonic adenoma or carcinoma show increased labelling indices in ‘ normal ’ biopsy specimens taken from [many] sites , and those with ulcerative proctocolitis have increased crypt cell proliferation even in quiescent disease .

Stone recurrence was 5.7 % at one year and was observed both in patients with solitary and multiple stones .
stone recurrence was 5.7 % at one year and was observed both in patients with solitary and [many] stones .

Fragmentation of stones to particles of 5 mm or less was obtained after 3.0 ( 1.5 ) sessions : 2.8 ( 1.5 ) sessions for solitary stones and 3.3 ( 1.4 ) sessions for multiple stones ( p < 0.001 ) .
fragmentation of stones to particles of 5 mm or less was obtained after 3.0 ( 1.5 ) sessions : 2.8 ( 1.5 ) sessions for solitary stones and 3.3 ( 1.4 ) sessions for [many] stones ( p < 0.001 ) .

Only one session was necessary to disintegrate 34 % of solitary stones smaller than 20 mm , 11 % of the solitary stones between 21 and 30 mm , and 14 % of the multiple stones .
only one session was necessary to disintegrate 34 % of solitary stones smaller than 20 mm , 11 % of the solitary stones between 21 and 30 mm , and 14 % of the [many] stones .

Pairwise comparison of the stone free rate revealed significance between single and multiple stones , lucent versus calcified stones , and solitary stones less than 20 mm versus solitary stones of 20 to 30 mm or < 30 mm .
pairwise comparison of the stone free rate revealed significance between single and [many] stones , lucent versus calcified stones , and solitary stones less than 20 mm versus solitary stones of 20 to 30 mm or < 30 mm .

To our surprise , we did not observe any influence of age , sex , and body mass index upon the success rate and the recurrence rate ; even the initial number of stones apparently did not influence the recurrence rate , which is in contradiction with the postdissolution experience where the recurrence was higher in patients with multiple stones than with solitary stones .
to our surprise , we did not observe any influence of age , sex , and body mass index upon the success rate and the recurrence rate ; even the initial number of stones apparently did not influence the recurrence rate , which is in contradiction with the postdissolution experience where the recurrence was higher in patients with [many] stones than with solitary stones .

This could imply that individuals with portal hypertension are protected against these degenerative vascular disorders but the possibility of a selection bias against referring patients with bleeding varices who have multiple non-hepatic pathologies can not be excluded .
this could imply that individuals with portal hypertension are protected against these degenerative vascular disorders but the possibility of a selection bias against referring patients with bleeding varices who have [many] non-hepatic pathologies can not be excluded .

The mechanisms by which secretagogues exert these multiple effects on the pareital cell are incompletely understood .
the mechanisms by which secretagogues exert these [many] effects on the pareital cell are incompletely understood .

Before primary gall stone dissolution , 16 patients had had solitary stones : the remaining 77 had had multiple stones .
before primary gall stone dissolution , 16 patients had had solitary stones : the remaining 77 had had [many] stones .

Before their initial gall stone dissolution treatment , 15 of 82 patients followed up for more than six months had had solitary stones , compared with 67 who had had multiple stones .
before their initial gall stone dissolution treatment , 15 of 82 patients followed up for more than six months had had solitary stones , compared with 67 who had had [many] stones .

Patients who originally had multiple ‘ primary ’ gall stones always had multiple recurrent gall stones while those who initially had solitary stones invariably had solitary recurrent stones .
patients who originally had [many] ‘ primary ’ gall stones always had [many] recurrent gall stones while those who initially had solitary stones invariably had solitary recurrent stones .

Firstly , as shown by the present results and those of Villanova et al , gall stones recur two to three times more frequently in patients who originally had multiple stones than in those who , before dissolution treatment , had solitary stones .
firstly , as shown by the present results and those of villanova et al , gall stones recur two to three times more frequently in patients who originally had [many] stones than in those who , before dissolution treatment , had solitary stones .

This suggests that in patients who form multiple stones , there is a more severe nucleation defect than in those who form single stones .
this suggests that in patients who form [many] stones , there is a more severe nucleation defect than in those who form single stones .

Indeed , Groen et al showed recently that the nucleation time is shorter in patients with multiple gall bladder stones than in those with solitary stones .
indeed , groen et al showed recently that the nucleation time is shorter in patients with [many] gall bladder stones than in those with solitary stones .

In controls the liver was examined before resection by ultrasound in order to assess whether liver resection was possible or there were multiple hepatic metastasis .
in controls the liver was examined before resection by ultrasound in order to assess whether liver resection was possible or there were [many] hepatic metastasis .

Sugar separation was achieved by multiple development on half plates ( 10 cm×20cm ) of plastic backed silica gel 60 ( Merk , 5748 , Dassel , Germany ) using three consecutive ascending runs ( 8.5 cm each ) with ethyl acetate/pyridine/ acetic acid/water ( 75:15:10:10 , by volume ) .
sugar separation was achieved by [many] development on half plates ( 10 cm×20cm ) of plastic backed silica gel 60 ( merk , 5748 , dassel , germany ) using three consecutive ascending runs ( 8.5 cm each ) with ethyl acetate/pyridine/ acetic acid/water ( 75:15:10:10 , by volume ) .

In 16 of 16 patients the diagnosis was based on multiple endoscopic biopsies ( > 6 ) showing invasion of the gastric mucosa by lymphoid tissue .
in 16 of 16 patients the diagnosis was based on [many] endoscopic biopsies ( > 6 ) showing invasion of the gastric mucosa by lymphoid tissue .

Statistical analyses were performed with χ 2 and McNemar 's tests , with correction for multiple comparisons where appropriate .
statistical analyses were performed with χ 2 and mcnemar 's tests , with correction for [many] comparisons where appropriate .

Ultrasound monitoring was not possible as impeller rotation generated multiple tiny bubbles that produced a diffuse intraluminal echogenicity .
ultrasound monitoring was not possible as impeller rotation generated [many] tiny bubbles that produced a diffuse intraluminal echogenicity .

this appearance has been explained by multiple tiny bubbles produced by rotation of the impeller .
this appearance has been explained by [many] tiny bubbles produced by rotation of the impeller .

Statistical significance of the data was evaluated by one way analysis of variance using Kramer 's test for multiple comparison .
statistical significance of the data was evaluated by one way analysis of variance using kramer 's test for [many] comparison .

The proportion of ulcers healed after two weeks , in the presence and absence of the five prospectively defined risk factors , was assessed using Fisher 's exact test : an alpha level of 0.05 , corrected to 0.01 according to Bonferroni to allow for multiple comparisons , was taken to indicate a significant difference in healing rates .
the proportion of ulcers healed after two weeks , in the presence and absence of the five prospectively defined risk factors , was assessed using fisher 's exact test : an alpha level of 0.05 , corrected to 0.01 according to bonferroni to allow for [many] comparisons , was taken to indicate a significant difference in healing rates .

Multiple ulcers ( two or more at the time of diagnosis ) ;
[many] ulcers ( two or more at the time of diagnosis ) ;

Prior slow healing was associated with decreased two , four , and eight week healing rates while ulcers greater than 15 mm in diameter and multiple ulcers were associated with decreased healing rates at two and four weeks .
prior slow healing was associated with decreased two , four , and eight week healing rates while ulcers greater than 15 mm in diameter and [many] ulcers were associated with decreased healing rates at two and four weeks .

Of the 10 risk factors associated with delayed healing , ulcers larger than 15 mm , smoking , multiple ulcers , and prior slow healing were associated with odds ratios for delayed healing which were significantly greater than 1.00 at two or more time points ( Fig 2 ) .
of the 10 risk factors associated with delayed healing , ulcers larger than 15 mm , smoking , [many] ulcers , and prior slow healing were associated with odds ratios for delayed healing which were significantly greater than 1.00 at two or more time points ( fig 2 ) .

Prior slow healing plus multiple ulcers ( two week healing : 23.2% , 2.27 ( 1.46 , 3.55 ) ; four week healing : 56.8% , 1.94 ( 1.32 , 2.85 ) ; eight week healing : 88.0% , 1.98 ( 1.07 , 3.60 ) ) ;
prior slow healing plus [many] ulcers ( two week healing : 23.2% , 2.27 ( 1.46 , 3.55 ) ; four week healing : 56.8% , 1.94 ( 1.32 , 2.85 ) ; eight week healing : 88.0% , 1.98 ( 1.07 , 3.60 ) ) ;

Smoking plus multiple ulcers ( two week healing : 27.7% , 1.82 ( 1.32 , 2.51 ) ; four week healing : 61.8% , 1.59 ( 1.18 , 2.15 ) ; eight week healing : 90.5% , 1.53 ( 0.908 , 2.55 ) ) ;
smoking plus [many] ulcers ( two week healing : 27.7% , 1.82 ( 1.32 , 2.51 ) ; four week healing : 61.8% , 1.59 ( 1.18 , 2.15 ) ; eight week healing : 90.5% , 1.53 ( 0.908 , 2.55 ) ) ;

Thus , smoking , an ulcer diameter greater than 15 mm , prior slow healing , multiple ulcers , and prior complications were considered to be clinically relevant risk factors for slow healing since , alone or in combination with another risk factor , they were associated with decreased healing rates at two or more of the two , four , and eight week assessment points .
thus , smoking , an ulcer diameter greater than 15 mm , prior slow healing , [many] ulcers , and prior complications were considered to be clinically relevant risk factors for slow healing since , alone or in combination with another risk factor , they were associated with decreased healing rates at two or more of the two , four , and eight week assessment points .

In these studies , multiple treatment variables with relatively few patients in each risk factor group have precluded detection of changes in the healing rate associated with non-pharmacological risk factors whose effects are usually smaller than those due to ulcer therapy .
in these studies , [many] treatment variables with relatively few patients in each risk factor group have precluded detection of changes in the healing rate associated with non-pharmacological risk factors whose effects are usually smaller than those due to ulcer therapy .

Of these three identified one food only , one identified two foods , two identified three foods , two identified four foods , one identified five foods , and one ( salicylate sensitivity ) identified multiple foods .
of these three identified one food only , one identified two foods , two identified three foods , two identified four foods , one identified five foods , and one ( salicylate sensitivity ) identified [many] foods .

Two or multiple causes contributing to the anaemia ( excluding dietary deiciency ) were found in 17 patients .
two or [many] causes contributing to the anaemia ( excluding dietary deiciency ) were found in 17 patients .

Multiple operations were necessary because of enterocutaneous , enteroenteral , and rectovaginal fistulas , a fistula perforation with faecal peritonitis , ileum and colon stenosis , and abscess formations of the abdominal wall .
[many] operations were necessary because of enterocutaneous , enteroenteral , and rectovaginal fistulas , a fistula perforation with faecal peritonitis , ileum and colon stenosis , and abscess formations of the abdominal wall .

To avoid multiple testing , only the major variables of interest were analysed — that is , for acid reflux : total reflux time , number and duration of reflux episodes ; for oesophageal motility : contraction amplitude and duration , area under the curve , propagation velocity , contractility , and number of contractions .
to avoid [many] testing , only the major variables of interest were analysed — that is , for acid reflux : total reflux time , number and duration of reflux episodes ; for oesophageal motility : contraction amplitude and duration , area under the curve , propagation velocity , contractility , and number of contractions .

One hundred and thirty nine adult patients with dyspeptic complaints had upper gastrointestinal endoscopy with multiple biopsies performed at defined sites in the gastric antrum and duodenal bulb .
one hundred and thirty nine adult patients with dyspeptic complaints had upper gastrointestinal endoscopy with [many] biopsies performed at defined sites in the gastric antrum and duodenal bulb .

To determine the extent of gastric metaplasia , multiple biopsy specimens were collected from standardised sites of the duodenal bulb .
to determine the extent of gastric metaplasia , [many] biopsy specimens were collected from standardised sites of the duodenal bulb .

To limit sampling error , we took multiple biopsy specimens at standardised sites .
to limit sampling error , we took [many] biopsy specimens at standardised sites .

At 30 minutes after the injection , multiple haemorrhagic erosions and linear ulcers were observed grossly .
at 30 minutes after the injection , [many] haemorrhagic erosions and linear ulcers were observed grossly .

The Quinton multiple biopsy instrument was introduced to a position corresponding to the ligament of Trietz and left in place during the study .
the quinton [many] biopsy instrument was introduced to a position corresponding to the ligament of trietz and left in place during the study .

In our series , we also treated multiple gastric carcinoids endoscopically , with gastroscopic removal of all individual carcinoid polyps .
in our series , we also treated [many] gastric carcinoids endoscopically , with gastroscopic removal of all individual carcinoid polyps .

Multiple and recurrent inflammatory fibroid polyps in a Devon family ( ‘ Devon polyposis syndrome ’ ) :
[many] and recurrent inflammatory fibroid polyps in a devon family ( ‘ devon polyposis syndrome ’ ) :

Multiple and recurrent inflammatory fibroid polyps in three generations of a Devon family were reported in 1984 .
[many] and recurrent inflammatory fibroid polyps in three generations of a devon family were reported in 1984 .

The terms Riedel 's thyroiditis , sclerosing cholangitis , retroperitoneal fibrosis , mediastinal fibrosis , and pseudotumour of the orbit reflect the multiple areas affected .
the terms riedel 's thyroiditis , sclerosing cholangitis , retroperitoneal fibrosis , mediastinal fibrosis , and pseudotumour of the orbit reflect the [many] areas affected .

These fibrotic processes are rare and tend to occur in isolation , although a number of overlap syndromes has been reported with multiple organ involvement .
these fibrotic processes are rare and tend to occur in isolation , although a number of overlap syndromes has been reported with [many] organ involvement .

Ultrasonography showed dilated intrahepatic ducts , and a percutaneous transhepatic cholangiogram was performed ( Fig 3 ) and showed multiple strictures within the biliary tree consistent with sclerosing cholangitis .
ultrasonography showed dilated intrahepatic ducts , and a percutaneous transhepatic cholangiogram was performed ( fig 3 ) and showed [many] strictures within the biliary tree consistent with sclerosing cholangitis .

The recurrence of calculi after removal and the lack of substantial reduction in frequency of cholangitis indicates that there may be little to be gained in many of these patients by multiple manipulations of the biliary tree to achieve clearance .
the recurrence of calculi after removal and the lack of substantial reduction in frequency of cholangitis indicates that there may be little to be gained in many of these patients by [many] manipulations of the biliary tree to achieve clearance .

This may be particularly important when one considers the potentially complex and multiple haematological abnormalities in alcoholic liver disease , including blood loss , macrocytosis , haemolysis , and sideroblastic change .
this may be particularly important when one considers the potentially complex and [many] haematological abnormalities in alcoholic liver disease , including blood loss , macrocytosis , haemolysis , and sideroblastic change .

Firstly , the presence of a cavernous transformation or ‘ cavernoma ’ represents the development of multiple periportal collateral channels in order to bypass the obstruction within the portal vein .
firstly , the presence of a cavernous transformation or ‘ cavernoma ’ represents the development of [many] periportal collateral channels in order to bypass the obstruction within the portal vein .

Moreover , a true recalibration of the biliary stenosis after longterm plastic stenting is rarely achieved even after insertion of multiple 10 French plastic stents .
moreover , a true recalibration of the biliary stenosis after longterm plastic stenting is rarely achieved even after insertion of [many] 10 french plastic stents .

Chronic idiopathic constipation , however , is often associated with other motility disturbances involving multiple organs , suggesting an underlying systemic disease of the autonomic nervous system .
chronic idiopathic constipation , however , is often associated with other motility disturbances involving [many] organs , suggesting an underlying systemic disease of the autonomic nervous system .

The ubiquitous tools of this form of inquiry are a multiple regression computer program and a data bank of all variables that might be relevant .
the ubiquitous tools of this form of inquiry are a [many] regression computer program and a data bank of all variables that might be relevant .

If the list of shares in the portfolio was progressively reduced by 1 then 29 multiple security portfolios could be observed .
if the list of shares in the portfolio was progressively reduced by 1 then 29 [many] security portfolios could be observed .

For example , there are dual currency bonds , where the coupon payments are in one currency and the redemption proceeds are in another ; currency change bonds , where coupons are first paid in one currency and then in another ; deferred coupon bonds , where there is a delay in the payment of the first coupon ; multiple coupon bonds , where the coupon payments change over the life of the bond ( although in a predetermined manner ) , fixed-then-floating bonds , where the coupons change from being fixed rate to floating rate ; floating-then-zero bonds , where the bonds change from being floating-rate coupon bonds to zero-coupon bonds ; and missing coupon bonds , where a coupon payment is missed whenever a dividend payment on the issuing corporation 's shares are missed .
for example , there are dual currency bonds , where the coupon payments are in one currency and the redemption proceeds are in another ; currency change bonds , where coupons are first paid in one currency and then in another ; deferred coupon bonds , where there is a delay in the payment of the first coupon ; [many] coupon bonds , where the coupon payments change over the life of the bond ( although in a predetermined manner ) , fixed-then-floating bonds , where the coupons change from being fixed rate to floating rate ; floating-then-zero bonds , where the bonds change from being floating-rate coupon bonds to zero-coupon bonds ; and missing coupon bonds , where a coupon payment is missed whenever a dividend payment on the issuing corporation 's shares are missed .

Matrix modelling ( or matrix pricing or pricing by analogy ) extends the multiple regression model ( 5.46 ) by taking into account other factors that can influence bond prices apart from term to maturity .
matrix modelling ( or matrix pricing or pricing by analogy ) extends the [many] regression model ( 5.46 ) by taking into account other factors that can influence bond prices apart from term to maturity .

Similarly , the declining firm has a share price of only 4.75 and sells at a multiple to earnings of only 2.50 , whereas the supernormal growth firm has a share price of 47.07 and sells at a multiple to earnings of nearly 19 .
similarly , the declining firm has a share price of only 4.75 and sells at a [many] to earnings of only 2.50 , whereas the supernormal growth firm has a share price of 47.07 and sells at a [many] to earnings of nearly 19 .

Multiple stepwise regression analysis was also applied .
[many] stepwise regression analysis was also applied .

The stepwise multiple regression equations , with the reservations already mentioned , are as follows :
the stepwise [many] regression equations , with the reservations already mentioned , are as follows :

There are multiple records of the same activities in nearly all companies and frequently no two of them agree .
there are [many] records of the same activities in nearly all companies and frequently no two of them agree .

English is of this type , as can be seen in any multiple language notice , say on an international flight .
english is of this type , as can be seen in any [many] language notice , say on an international flight .

There are options for calculating the critical path only and for each phase or network to be scheduled from the project start date , permitting multiple phases to be scheduled at the same time .
there are options for calculating the critical path only and for each phase or network to be scheduled from the project start date , permitting [many] phases to be scheduled at the same time .

Collecting : You 're never alone with a print : Edward Lucie-Smith reports on why the modern multiple image is making a big impact in the blue-chip art market
collecting : you 're never alone with a print : edward lucie-smith reports on why the modern [many] image is making a big impact in the blue-chip art market

Japanese collectors also value the psychological security offered by the multiple image — to like exactly what other collectors like seems to them a good and reassuring thing .
japanese collectors also value the psychological security offered by the [many] image — to like exactly what other collectors like seems to them a good and reassuring thing .

Bottom right : Six generations of a 1 , 1 , 3 , 5 series , multiple occupancy permitted , with reflectance from a normal boundary .
bottom right : six generations of a 1 , 1 , 3 , 5 series , [many] occupancy permitted , with reflectance from a normal boundary .

When adjacency and multiple occupation are permitted , the figure becomes extrovert , expansionist .
when adjacency and [many] occupation are permitted , the figure becomes extrovert , expansionist .

The subsequent evolution of geometric perspective in Europe has been devoted to means by which this property could be used and adapted to suggest movement and change : by the introduction of multiple points of view and interlocking spaces ; by the concentration and diffusion of light and light sources ; by the Impressionist fragmentisation of surfaces .
the subsequent evolution of geometric perspective in europe has been devoted to means by which this property could be used and adapted to suggest movement and change : by the introduction of [many] points of view and interlocking spaces ; by the concentration and diffusion of light and light sources ; by the impressionist fragmentisation of surfaces .

In elements with multiple electron orbits , the smallest orbits correspond with the lowest energy and these fill up first .
in elements with [many] electron orbits , the smallest orbits correspond with the lowest energy and these fill up first .

Facing Multiple Grief
facing [many] grief

Multiple grief can , it seems , be experienced either over ti me or over events .
[many] grief can , it seems , be experienced either over ti me or over events .

Let 's consider multiple grief over time first .
let 's consider [many] grief over time first .

The other sort of multiple grief is that of circumstance or events .
the other sort of [many] grief is that of circumstance or events .

In the case of multiple bereavement the main issue would seem to be to try and recognize with the person how many griefs they experience and where they would want to start talking about them , rather than launch into where we think they should begin .
in the case of [many] bereavement the main issue would seem to be to try and recognize with the person how many griefs they experience and where they would want to start talking about them , rather than launch into where we think they should begin .

The main difference for the very old , then , may be that whereas when they were younger it would have been possible to work through the effects of multiple grief and achieve some new balance in life , forming new relationships and so on , in old age this is less likely .
the main difference for the very old , then , may be that whereas when they were younger it would have been possible to work through the effects of [many] grief and achieve some new balance in life , forming new relationships and so on , in old age this is less likely .

Moreover , since Libyans voted ( sata : ‘ to give voice ’ ) without benefit of attendant hustings , they had no illusion that the outcome was determined by the multiple decisions of individual minds concerned with policy or ideology .
moreover , since libyans voted ( sata : ‘ to give voice ’ ) without benefit of attendant hustings , they had no illusion that the outcome was determined by the [many] decisions of individual minds concerned with policy or ideology .

If these multiple oasis decisions contributed to the success of a major programme of the social revolution , so too did others contribute to failures : indifference , resentment and subversion of government plans were also found in the hearths and dunes of Huaiwiri and Hawari , of Tazarbu and Rabiana .
if these [many] oasis decisions contributed to the success of a major programme of the social revolution , so too did others contribute to failures : indifference , resentment and subversion of government plans were also found in the hearths and dunes of huaiwiri and hawari , of tazarbu and rabiana .

Not even Jahsaxa would presume she could get away with multiple murder .
not even jahsaxa would presume she could get away with [many] murder .

The hospital admitted 35 people , four of whom had serious injuries — including one man with multiple injuries .
the hospital admitted 35 people , four of whom had serious injuries — including one man with [many] injuries .

But limiting the size of a loan — to , say , a certain percentage of the value of a house or a multiple of the borrower 's income — would mainly curb the borrowing by first-time buyers .
but limiting the size of a loan — to , say , a certain percentage of the value of a house or a [many] of the borrower 's income — would mainly curb the borrowing by first-time buyers .

Westminster environmental protection officer Sid Geake says the council has just about cracked the problem of multiple signs , but is now going even further to curb the blight .
westminster environmental protection officer sid geake says the council has just about cracked the problem of [many] signs , but is now going even further to curb the blight .

To be European in Italy is a logical extension of what is already assumed to be one 's natural multiple identity within a family , a city , a region and a nation .
to be european in italy is a logical extension of what is already assumed to be one 's natural [many] identity within a family , a city , a region and a nation .

But then du Pre was stricken with multiple sclerosis and the fairytale quickly unravelled .
but then du pre was stricken with [many] sclerosis and the fairytale quickly unravelled .

Waste Management International made profits of £96.4m before taxation in 1991 and , based on historic earnings , the multiple at the flotation price is 33 .
waste management international made profits of £96.4m before taxation in 1991 and , based on historic earnings , the [many] at the flotation price is 33 .

If these ‘ self-reacting ’ cells were not eliminated , they could cause auto-immune diseases such as arthritis and multiple sclerosis .
if these ‘ self-reacting ’ cells were not eliminated , they could cause auto-immune diseases such as arthritis and [many] sclerosis .

But banks and financials , such as scandal-ridden Industrial Bank of Japan on a 50-plus multiple , are out of line , not industrials .
but banks and financials , such as scandal-ridden industrial bank of japan on a 50-plus [many] , are out of line , not industrials .

The main part of the animal consists of a cup ( or calyx ) to which the stalk is attached at its upper end , and from the top of the calyx stretch long arms , which are five in number or more usually a multiple of five .
the main part of the animal consists of a cup ( or calyx ) to which the stalk is attached at its upper end , and from the top of the calyx stretch long arms , which are five in number or more usually a [many] of five .

Professor Peter Schutt of Munich University proposed a ‘ multiple stress ’ hypothesis .
professor peter schutt of munich university proposed a ‘ [many] stress ’ hypothesis .

The Charities were : 1980 Cheshire Handicapped Children 's Fund ; 1983 Multiple Sclerosis ; 1984 Arthritis and Rheumatism Research Council ; 1985 Save the Children ; 1986 Guide Dogs for the Blind .
the charities were : 1980 cheshire handicapped children 's fund ; 1983 [many] sclerosis ; 1984 arthritis and rheumatism research council ; 1985 save the children ; 1986 guide dogs for the blind .

Finger-printing will be introduced for asylum applicants , to prevent multiple applications and fraudulent benefit claims .
finger-printing will be introduced for asylum applicants , to prevent [many] applications and fraudulent benefit claims .

Though often believed to be most beneficial for those who wish to give up smoking or to lose weight , hypnotherapy has , in fact , a multitude of uses — ranging from the comparatively minor ( for example , breaking the nail-biting habit ) through dealing with phobias , migraine , pre-menstrual problems and so on , to the severe , such as the physical results of a stroke , the symptoms of multiple sclerosis or some cases of cancer .
though often believed to be most beneficial for those who wish to give up smoking or to lose weight , hypnotherapy has , in fact , a multitude of uses — ranging from the comparatively minor ( for example , breaking the nail-biting habit ) through dealing with phobias , migraine , pre-menstrual problems and so on , to the severe , such as the physical results of a stroke , the symptoms of [many] sclerosis or some cases of cancer .

But at its best , sex brings about true peace with both the self and the other person — and this has nothing whatsoever to do with personal prowess , physical acrobatics or multiple orgasms .
but at its best , sex brings about true peace with both the self and the other person — and this has nothing whatsoever to do with personal prowess , physical acrobatics or [many] orgasms .

The wines were all from excellent recent vintages , including the fine 1988 white burgundy and an Alsace wine , which perfectly complements foie gras with is light , grapey fragrance on the nose and multiple layers to flavour on the palate .
the wines were all from excellent recent vintages , including the fine 1988 white burgundy and an alsace wine , which perfectly complements foie gras with is light , grapey fragrance on the nose and [many] layers to flavour on the palate .

The conversion of St James 's Church , East Street , Farnham , Surrey , which was completed in 1980 , was probably the pioneering development of the current spate of residential conversions of churches for multiple occupation .
the conversion of st james 's church , east street , farnham , surrey , which was completed in 1980 , was probably the pioneering development of the current spate of residential conversions of churches for [many] occupation .

It is clear that some provision of communal rooms is important in the conversion of old buildings to multiple occupation , and consistent with other comparable projects analysed in this book , the common room of Thames Tunnel Mills is logically located at ground-floor level .
it is clear that some provision of communal rooms is important in the conversion of old buildings to [many] occupation , and consistent with other comparable projects analysed in this book , the common room of thames tunnel mills is logically located at ground-floor level .

‘ We took this out of a Warrior in Oxford Barracks this morning — they had been practising firing at multiple targets , using the power traverse , When suddenly the turret went out of control — It 's a good job they were n't live firing on the range or someone could have been killed .
‘ we took this out of a warrior in oxford barracks this morning — they had been practising firing at [many] targets , using the power traverse , when suddenly the turret went out of control — it 's a good job they were n't live firing on the range or someone could have been killed .

But then , urged on as it were by a series of multiple lightning flashes , it hesitated no more and , instead of increasing gradually from the first tentative shower , the water gushed forth in a vast fountain .
but then , urged on as it were by a series of [many] lightning flashes , it hesitated no more and , instead of increasing gradually from the first tentative shower , the water gushed forth in a vast fountain .

Punishment measures will be used instead of existing supervision … multiple orders will mean multiple demands , which in turn will lead to multiple breaches .
punishment measures will be used instead of existing supervision … [many] orders will mean [many] demands , which in turn will lead to [many] breaches .

The house was much too small ; people made a deep ring round the couple and Cameron , standing on the cobbles among piles of bar and rod iron , the children perched on tree-stumps and on the lower branches of the very old yew tree which made a dark thicket with its multiple trunks .
the house was much too small ; people made a deep ring round the couple and cameron , standing on the cobbles among piles of bar and rod iron , the children perched on tree-stumps and on the lower branches of the very old yew tree which made a dark thicket with its [many] trunks .

What are the multiple repertoires of identity buried in this word Englishness ?
what are the [many] repertoires of identity buried in this word englishness ?

He died in hospital several days later of multiple injuries , including a ruptured liver , six fractured ribs , two broken fingers and severe bruising to 70 per cent of his body .
he died in hospital several days later of [many] injuries , including a ruptured liver , six fractured ribs , two broken fingers and severe bruising to 70 per cent of his body .

’ The Marquis of Queensberry may be judged , in this context , to have made an involuntary and uncharacteristic joke in accusing Wilde of ‘ posing as a somdomite ’ : a phrase that smells of the multiple self , and of the uncertainty of interpretation — and indeed spelling ( Ackroyd , as it happens , interprets him as something other than a sodomite ) .
’ the marquis of queensberry may be judged , in this context , to have made an involuntary and uncharacteristic joke in accusing wilde of ‘ posing as a somdomite ’ : a phrase that smells of the [many] self , and of the uncertainty of interpretation — and indeed spelling ( ackroyd , as it happens , interprets him as something other than a sodomite ) .

In Ackroyd 's life of Eliot we read about a major poet who was a good ventriloquist ; a man of multiple personality who swore by a principle of impersonality in art which he was later to unswear by locating The Waste Land in the stresses of a domestic life , and whose art bears the indelible signature of that distinctive protean character of his ; a man who was often miserable and tormented .
in ackroyd 's life of eliot we read about a major poet who was a good ventriloquist ; a man of [many] personality who swore by a principle of impersonality in art which he was later to unswear by locating the waste land in the stresses of a domestic life , and whose art bears the indelible signature of that distinctive protean character of his ; a man who was often miserable and tormented .

Using all of the system 's facilities , management can analyse sales and staffing levels in multiple bars on a single site , or can view an entire operation remotely from a head office .
using all of the system 's facilities , management can analyse sales and staffing levels in [many] bars on a single site , or can view an entire operation remotely from a head office .

Within those two broad areas are multiple variations .
within those two broad areas are [many] variations .

Multiple rather than single ulcers are the rule , in contradistinction to syphilis .
[many] rather than single ulcers are the rule , in contradistinction to syphilis .

He does n't correspond to any of the multiple fictions produced over the last hundred years or so by a long line of social reformers and slum missionaries of what the working class should be .
he does n't correspond to any of the [many] fictions produced over the last hundred years or so by a long line of social reformers and slum missionaries of what the working class should be .

However , many multiple sclerosis victims have reported improvements in health since changing fillings , and there have been rumours that even Princess Diana has had hers done .
however , many [many] sclerosis victims have reported improvements in health since changing fillings , and there have been rumours that even princess diana has had hers done .

Mangolds are of the ‘ beet ’ family with the characteristic multiple seed .
mangolds are of the ‘ beet ’ family with the characteristic [many] seed .

They are normally sown ‘ on the ridge ’ as soon as the ground is ready in early May , and hoed and singled at the two-to three-leaf stage whilst it is still easy to separate the entwined stems which grow from the multiple seeds .
they are normally sown ‘ on the ridge ’ as soon as the ground is ready in early may , and hoed and singled at the two-to three-leaf stage whilst it is still easy to separate the entwined stems which grow from the [many] seeds .

But in Rome huge numbers had been controlled at the Colosseum with its multiple entrances and large ambulatories at each level .
but in rome huge numbers had been controlled at the colosseum with its [many] entrances and large ambulatories at each level .

Grand Central was in effect two stations , as the contemporary cutaway illustrations were concerned to show , stations with more complex multiple levels below ground than there were above it .
grand central was in effect two stations , as the contemporary cutaway illustrations were concerned to show , stations with more complex [many] levels below ground than there were above it .

At Foxton , Petone , and New Plymouth he created a new and striking wooden style with multiple gables , light verandas , and canopies , often capped by a squat tower with cupola and finial .
at foxton , petone , and new plymouth he created a new and striking wooden style with [many] gables , light verandas , and canopies , often capped by a squat tower with cupola and finial .

Multiple residential schemes work well only when they involve a total plan for the grounds and setting of a house , and provide for their continued upkeep .
[many] residential schemes work well only when they involve a total plan for the grounds and setting of a house , and provide for their continued upkeep .

Very often shopping schemes are aimed principally at the multiple chains , which will pay higher rents .
very often shopping schemes are aimed principally at the [many] chains , which will pay higher rents .

In Jez Welsh 's Forest Fires ( 1983–90 ) , the key auditory experience is that of the viewer 's feet trampling over woodland debris on the gallery floor ; Tina Keane 's Escalator ( 1988 ) invites an almost architectural experience , as you walk through , below , behind and around the multiple screens .
in jez welsh 's forest fires ( 1983–90 ) , the key auditory experience is that of the viewer 's feet trampling over woodland debris on the gallery floor ; tina keane 's escalator ( 1988 ) invites an almost architectural experience , as you walk through , below , behind and around the [many] screens .

But even surgery was helpless when there were widespread and multiple secondary deposits .
but even surgery was helpless when there were widespread and [many] secondary deposits .

Many other worthwhile books were , like them , consigned to pulp or book sales because they were simply ‘ irrelevant to the community ’ , so as to make room for the multiple copies of paperbacks from Pluto Press and the like which the community apparently needed more .
many other worthwhile books were , like them , consigned to pulp or book sales because they were simply ‘ irrelevant to the community ’ , so as to make room for the [many] copies of paperbacks from pluto press and the like which the community apparently needed more .

There were far more teacher-training college libraries than any other kind of library from which multiple examples appeared in the shops .
there were far more teacher-training college libraries than any other kind of library from which [many] examples appeared in the shops .

To embroider the sampler , we turned to some multiple agencies and asked them for their recommendations of good value on a £1,000 booking for four people .
to embroider the sampler , we turned to some [many] agencies and asked them for their recommendations of good value on a £1,000 booking for four people .

They are produced in a multiple of shades which allow the greatest scope for individual expression .
they are produced in a [many] of shades which allow the greatest scope for individual expression .

It is only two weeks since Gough came back from a multiple fracture of the cheekbone .
it is only two weeks since gough came back from a [many] fracture of the cheekbone .

It is only two weeks since Gough came back from a multiple fracture of the cheekbone .
it is only two weeks since gough came back from a [many] fracture of the cheekbone .

Adult anglers in Germany must take evening classes and pass a multiple choice test before they can get their rod licence .
adult anglers in germany must take evening classes and pass a [many] choice test before they can get their rod licence .

Multiple regression analysis computer programs can be used to introduce other independent variables that might increase the statistical reliability of the regression equation ( increasing the value of Rs towards 1.0 ) — in our example , perhaps , the cost of cars , the cost of petrol , the total length of roadway in the country , and so on .
[many] regression analysis computer programs can be used to introduce other independent variables that might increase the statistical reliability of the regression equation ( increasing the value of rs towards 1.0 ) — in our example , perhaps , the cost of cars , the cost of petrol , the total length of roadway in the country , and so on .

Illiteracy was but one of its multiple facets .
illiteracy was but one of its [many] facets .

Conversely woman 's pleasure is ‘ more diversified , more multiple in its differences ’ .
conversely woman 's pleasure is ‘ more diversified , more [many] in its differences ’ .

We used multiple regressions to gauge the influence upon media usefulness-ratings of : political interest and discussion , different motivations for following the campaign , social and political background factors , perceptions of bias , and the intellectual weight of the press .
we used [many] regressions to gauge the influence upon media usefulness-ratings of : political interest and discussion , different motivations for following the campaign , social and political background factors , perceptions of bias , and the intellectual weight of the press .

Multiple regression analysis suggests that readers did not find the highbrow press significantly more useful than the lowbrow press for any purpose : reading a highbrow paper had no influence in the multiple regressions for newspaper ‘ usefulness ’ ( Table 6.10 ) .
[many] regression analysis suggests that readers did not find the highbrow press significantly more useful than the lowbrow press for any purpose : reading a highbrow paper had no influence in the [many] regressions for newspaper ‘ usefulness ’ ( table 6.10 ) .

perceptions of media bias never proved statistically significant in any of our multiple regressions predicting usefulness-ratings .
perceptions of media bias never proved statistically significant in any of our [many] regressions predicting usefulness-ratings .

On the evidence of our multiple regression analysis , partisanship exerted a consistently powerful influence on perceptions of Labour chances and by the end of the campaign it was the only remaining significant influence .
on the evidence of our [many] regression analysis , partisanship exerted a consistently powerful influence on perceptions of labour chances and by the end of the campaign it was the only remaining significant influence .

Even with stringent controls for partisanship and ideology , multiple regression analyses show that the press had a significant influence on preferences .
even with stringent controls for partisanship and ideology , [many] regression analyses show that the press had a significant influence on preferences .

Even with stringent controls for partisanship and ideology , multiple regression analyses show that the press , but not television , had a significant influence on voters ' preferences .
even with stringent controls for partisanship and ideology , [many] regression analyses show that the press , but not television , had a significant influence on voters ' preferences .

This would put the shares at 274p , up 4p yesterday , on an earnings multiple of 10.5 .
this would put the shares at 274p , up 4p yesterday , on an earnings [many] of 10.5 .

With a palette containing more than thirty specialist drawing tools , multiple Windows , context-sensitive help , templates and a structure album with hundreds of images , ChemWindow is the most powerful structure drawing program on the market and is now used by thousands of chemists .
with a palette containing more than thirty specialist drawing tools , [many] windows , context-sensitive help , templates and a structure album with hundreds of images , chemwindow is the most powerful structure drawing program on the market and is now used by thousands of chemists .

These attenuation levels can be improved by using multiple injection points at the site , so that injected microorganisms or their progeny are not required to travel great distances in the subsurface .
these attenuation levels can be improved by using [many] injection points at the site , so that injected microorganisms or their progeny are not required to travel great distances in the subsurface .

These improvements can be implemented immediately , and could have multiple benefits in improving economic competitiveness and in environmental protection .
these improvements can be implemented immediately , and could have [many] benefits in improving economic competitiveness and in environmental protection .

There were only four units engaged in multiple suckling , which is surprising when one considers the potential this enterprise afforded smaller units .
there were only four units engaged in [many] suckling , which is surprising when one considers the potential this enterprise afforded smaller units .

The market 's price-earnings multiple was 16 last night but it would drop below 14 if that increase in earnings really happens .
the market 's price-earnings [many] was 16 last night but it would drop below 14 if that increase in earnings really happens .

If it did the yield at yesterday 's 84p , down 5p , would be 6.3 p.c. and the multiple about 30 .
if it did the yield at yesterday 's 84p , down 5p , would be 6.3 p.c. and the [many] about 30 .

Perhaps , more cynically , it reflects a weariness on the part of those subject to multiple restructurings on the apparent whim of new management .
perhaps , more cynically , it reflects a weariness on the part of those subject to [many] restructurings on the apparent whim of new management .

Under his instructions , many classical texts were recopied from worn out manuscripts ; monasteries were encouraged to make multiple copies of their libraries , and to exchange texts with one another .
under his instructions , many classical texts were recopied from worn out manuscripts ; monasteries were encouraged to make [many] copies of their libraries , and to exchange texts with one another .

There are about 6,000 crofts , but ( because of multiple tenancies ) the number of working units is about 5,400 .
there are about 6,000 crofts , but ( because of [many] tenancies ) the number of working units is about 5,400 .

Usually , these involve the establishment of multiple markets and multiple prices for foreign exchange .
usually , these involve the establishment of [many] markets and [many] prices for foreign exchange .

Making a case for the complexity of woman 's position as spectator , both critics stated that spectators are not necessarily locked into identification with their own gender but are able to take up multiple identifications , whether simultaneously or in succession .
making a case for the complexity of woman 's position as spectator , both critics stated that spectators are not necessarily locked into identification with their own gender but are able to take up [many] identifications , whether simultaneously or in succession .

their multiple identifications with either gender .
their [many] identifications with either gender .

Her own position , forcefully argued at every turn , is that masculinity is ‘ a heterogeneous set of ideas , constructed around assumptions of social power , which are lived out and reinforced , or perhaps denied and challenged , in multiple and diverse ways within a whole social system in which relations of authority , work , and domestic life are organised , in the main , along hierarchical gender lines ( p. 288 ) .
her own position , forcefully argued at every turn , is that masculinity is ‘ a heterogeneous set of ideas , constructed around assumptions of social power , which are lived out and reinforced , or perhaps denied and challenged , in [many] and diverse ways within a whole social system in which relations of authority , work , and domestic life are organised , in the main , along hierarchical gender lines ( p. 288 ) .

This total is achievable this year , putting the shares at 196p , down 2p yesterday , on a very cheap multiple of 4.4 .
this total is achievable this year , putting the shares at 196p , down 2p yesterday , on a very cheap [many] of 4.4 .

Quality can be more important than price for bed-and-breakfast customers and there is a demand for more en suite bathrooms as long as they can be fitted without changing the character of the house , and for secluded , self-catering accommodation with a rural character , rather than multiple units .
quality can be more important than price for bed-and-breakfast customers and there is a demand for more en suite bathrooms as long as they can be fitted without changing the character of the house , and for secluded , self-catering accommodation with a rural character , rather than [many] units .

Stachys macrantha , closely related to betony , is another flower with multiple benefits whether fresh or preserved .
stachys macrantha , closely related to betony , is another flower with [many] benefits whether fresh or preserved .

When shopping for compost , garden centres of multiple stores can be confusing places now that there are so many brands and types on offer .
when shopping for compost , garden centres of [many] stores can be confusing places now that there are so many brands and types on offer .

Just the same refuges of the elderly also appear in the Social Survey of Merseyside of 1934 , where they made up a third of the tenants of the largest multiple households .
just the same refuges of the elderly also appear in the social survey of merseyside of 1934 , where they made up a third of the tenants of the largest [many] households .

’ On these visits they would be joined by multiple cousins , and together ‘ we used to love to listen to stories about the past of the family : ’ stories which frame the opening of this granddaughter 's own life .
’ on these visits they would be joined by [many] cousins , and together ‘ we used to love to listen to stories about the past of the family : ’ stories which frame the opening of this granddaughter 's own life .

Pairs of multiple step ladders or trestles can be bridged with purpose designed staging as a basic form of scaffolding .
pairs of [many] step ladders or trestles can be bridged with purpose designed staging as a basic form of scaffolding .

These systems have much to commend them when ordering has to be made from multiple or remote sites .
these systems have much to commend them when ordering has to be made from [many] or remote sites .

Multiple Sclerosis , Parkinson 's and hemiplegic patients attend 2–3 morning sessions a week .
[many] sclerosis , parkinson 's and hemiplegic patients attend 2–3 morning sessions a week .

However , after much thought and discussion we still feel that many aspects of the teaching programmes in Hungary are very beneficial for children with profound and multiple learning difficulties .
however , after much thought and discussion we still feel that many aspects of the teaching programmes in hungary are very beneficial for children with profound and [many] learning difficulties .

Through at least the first half of Gravity 's Rainbow , Pynchon follows a method of pursuing multiple plot-lines around and across Slothrop 's search .
through at least the first half of gravity 's rainbow , pynchon follows a method of pursuing [many] plot-lines around and across slothrop 's search .

‘ Rendre la perception confuse , multiple et simultanée du monde ’ was the title of one of the interviews given to coincide with the publication of Histoire ( 1967 ) , in the course of which he described his narrative strategy in the novel as an attempt to convey , in formal terms , the incoherence of perception and memory .
‘ rendre la perception confuse , [many] et simultanée du monde ’ was the title of one of the interviews given to coincide with the publication of histoire ( 1967 ) , in the course of which he described his narrative strategy in the novel as an attempt to convey , in formal terms , the incoherence of perception and memory .

Another favourite technique is the use of multiple narrators to give differing views of the same reality .
another favourite technique is the use of [many] narrators to give differing views of the same reality .

One of the most impressive examples of multiple narration is Carlos Fuentes 's The Death of Artemio Cruz , in which the story of a dying ex-revolutionary turned corrupt capitalist magnate is recounted in alternating sequences of first , second and third-person narrative .
one of the most impressive examples of [many] narration is carlos fuentes 's the death of artemio cruz , in which the story of a dying ex-revolutionary turned corrupt capitalist magnate is recounted in alternating sequences of first , second and third-person narrative .

This multiple view of Cruz not only gives an insight into the conflicting forces that have been struggling to control his soul , but also reflects his loss of integrity as a man and his disintegration in face of his approaching death .
this [many] view of cruz not only gives an insight into the conflicting forces that have been struggling to control his soul , but also reflects his loss of integrity as a man and his disintegration in face of his approaching death .

it is well made , on one of Sandtoft 's modern multiple presses .
it is well made , on one of sandtoft 's modern [many] presses .

The sense of belonging to more than one community is an example of what Heater has called ‘ multiple citizenship ’ .
the sense of belonging to more than one community is an example of what heater has called ‘ [many] citizenship ’ .

There is evidence particularly on the political right of a view that ‘ multiple citizenship ’ is somehow inconsistent with British citizenship , whereas what is needed is a way of combining a sense of belonging to the British , English , Welsh , Scottish or ( more problematic still ) the Northern Ireland community at the same time as feeling a sense of community with other groups .
there is evidence particularly on the political right of a view that ‘ [many] citizenship ’ is somehow inconsistent with british citizenship , whereas what is needed is a way of combining a sense of belonging to the british , english , welsh , scottish or ( more problematic still ) the northern ireland community at the same time as feeling a sense of community with other groups .

The shares fell 11 to 259p yesterday , cutting the multiple to 17 .
the shares fell 11 to 259p yesterday , cutting the [many] to 17 .

Meanwhile , the company should make about £7m in the full year , which puts the shares at 55p on a demanding multiple of 16 .
meanwhile , the company should make about £7m in the full year , which puts the shares at 55p on a demanding [many] of 16 .

We regret that we are unable to answer multiple queries that do not comply with these instructions .
we regret that we are unable to answer [many] queries that do not comply with these instructions .

Hot on the Clapham accident , five passengers were killed in a collision at Purley ( south of Croydon ) , again involving two Southern Region electric multiple units .
hot on the clapham accident , five passengers were killed in a collision at purley ( south of croydon ) , again involving two southern region electric [many] units .

The only modern-design vehicles , apart from the Scottish air-conditioned stock , were possibly the Class 310 electric multiple units radiating from Rugby , and even these dated from the mid 1960s .
the only modern-design vehicles , apart from the scottish air-conditioned stock , were possibly the class 310 electric [many] units radiating from rugby , and even these dated from the mid 1960s .

Everything else was either original or refurbished diesel multiple unit , or the popular but cost-ineffective combination of diesel locomotives and cast-off main line carriages .
everything else was either original or refurbished diesel [many] unit , or the popular but cost-ineffective combination of diesel locomotives and cast-off main line carriages .

The PTEs sport their own colour schemes on a variety of multiple units .
the ptes sport their own colour schemes on a variety of [many] units .

As for Provincial , if you were visiting an area in which you were not quite sure what to expect , you might find Mark 1 or 2 ( the latter air conditioned or otherwise ) locomotive-hauled rakes of various lengths and compositions , first-generation multiple units ( anything from one to nine cars , riding roughly but still with forward and rear vision ) , or the latest Sprinters , plain , super or express , many with privately run buffet-trolley service on long cross-country journeys .
as for provincial , if you were visiting an area in which you were not quite sure what to expect , you might find mark 1 or 2 ( the latter air conditioned or otherwise ) locomotive-hauled rakes of various lengths and compositions , first-generation [many] units ( anything from one to nine cars , riding roughly but still with forward and rear vision ) , or the latest sprinters , plain , super or express , many with privately run buffet-trolley service on long cross-country journeys .

Class 142 Pacer diesel multiple unit No 142073 passes the Midland Railway signalbox at Hellifield South Junction while working the 11.33 Leeds to Morecambe service on 2 April 1988 .
class 142 pacer diesel [many] unit no 142073 passes the midland railway signalbox at hellifield south junction while working the 11.33 leeds to morecambe service on 2 april 1988 .

Charges for multiple copies will be given on request .
charges for [many] copies will be given on request .

When he brushed his cheek against hers or supported her waist in multiple pirouettes the sensual heat was unmissable .
when he brushed his cheek against hers or supported her waist in [many] pirouettes the sensual heat was unmissable .

Trigger condition should be configured from multiple logic conditions .
trigger condition should be configured from [many] logic conditions .

Ability to set multiple software and hardware break points is also necessary .
ability to set [many] software and hardware break points is also necessary .

Tallis argues that people talk of ‘ signifieds ’ , when they should say ‘ referents ’ ; there is nothing new or unfamiliar in the idea of verbal signs having multiple or even clashing references , and they have long been exploited by poets and punsters , as Tallis does in the title of his book .
tallis argues that people talk of ‘ signifieds ’ , when they should say ‘ referents ’ ; there is nothing new or unfamiliar in the idea of verbal signs having [many] or even clashing references , and they have long been exploited by poets and punsters , as tallis does in the title of his book .

Multiple layers of screening , much of it of dubious scientific validity , may become a routine feature of working life unless restraints are imposed by law , as some states have begun to do .
[many] layers of screening , much of it of dubious scientific validity , may become a routine feature of working life unless restraints are imposed by law , as some states have begun to do .

It would take an heroic leap of imagination to suppose that those same forestry services with a proven inability to manage just one product , timber , could presently perform the economic and administrative gymnastics necessary to fully value and manage forests for multiple benefits .
it would take an heroic leap of imagination to suppose that those same forestry services with a proven inability to manage just one product , timber , could presently perform the economic and administrative gymnastics necessary to fully value and manage forests for [many] benefits .

All forms are being checked by Price Waterhouse computer systems to weed out illegal multiple applications .
all forms are being checked by price waterhouse computer systems to weed out illegal [many] applications .

All forms are being checked by Price Waterhouse computer systems to weed out illegal multiple applications .
all forms are being checked by price waterhouse computer systems to weed out illegal [many] applications .

The court had heard that the baby died from terrible injuries including three skull fractures measuring 10 inches in total , two broken wrists and multiple bruising .
the court had heard that the baby died from terrible injuries including three skull fractures measuring 10 inches in total , two broken wrists and [many] bruising .

There is a trace of the multiple overview of Cubism in the treatment of their faces ; for once Modigliani was experimenting in technique , not engaged in grappling with the secret of personality .
there is a trace of the [many] overview of cubism in the treatment of their faces ; for once modigliani was experimenting in technique , not engaged in grappling with the secret of personality .

16.44 ( i ) Pupils working towards level 10 should discuss the possibility of multiple meanings in the texts studied and be taught how to recognise and describe some of them .
16.44 ( i ) pupils working towards level 10 should discuss the possibility of [many] meanings in the texts studied and be taught how to recognise and describe some of them .

‘ In the main , the church and its leaders drew their importance from the support they gave to the existing powers and from their multiple involvements in education , social welfare and administration .
‘ in the main , the church and its leaders drew their importance from the support they gave to the existing powers and from their [many] involvements in education , social welfare and administration .

Safety requirements demand , among other things , the installation of multiple back-up systems for emergency cooling of the reactor , as well as constant checks by regulatory bodies on the standard of even the smallest weld .
safety requirements demand , among other things , the installation of [many] back-up systems for emergency cooling of the reactor , as well as constant checks by regulatory bodies on the standard of even the smallest weld .

But the multiple currents passing around and between the islands were treacherous .
but the [many] currents passing around and between the islands were treacherous .

Sometimes the sequence is confined to the changes in single cells , at other times groups of cells have multiple influences on their neighbours .
sometimes the sequence is confined to the changes in single cells , at other times groups of cells have [many] influences on their neighbours .

Multiple surveys , which are a feature of the Scottish system , are a problem in England and Wales too .
[many] surveys , which are a feature of the scottish system , are a problem in england and wales too .

The number 18,980 is the least common multiple of 260 and 365 .
the number 18,980 is the least common [many] of 260 and 365 .

This is because the least common multiple of 584 and 260 is 37,960 , which is equal to the product of 65 and 584 and also to the product of 146 and 260 .
this is because the least common [many] of 584 and 260 is 37,960 , which is equal to the product of 65 and 584 and also to the product of 146 and 260 .

Either way , the amount of money you can borrow will be based , if you are at work , upon a multiple of your earnings — usually two-and-a-half to three times the value of your gross earnings per year .
either way , the amount of money you can borrow will be based , if you are at work , upon a [many] of your earnings — usually two-and-a-half to three times the value of your gross earnings per year .

However , most researchers agree that the multiple stress of all these factors cause tree damage and , in a small percentage of cases , tree death .
however , most researchers agree that the [many] stress of all these factors cause tree damage and , in a small percentage of cases , tree death .

Twenty flamingoes were shipped from Tanzania to London , on arrival three were dead , the other 17 had suffered multiple wounds to legs and wings from tight , non-elastic straps .
twenty flamingoes were shipped from tanzania to london , on arrival three were dead , the other 17 had suffered [many] wounds to legs and wings from tight , non-elastic straps .

By contrast , increased population counts will enable multiple retailers to identify towns which , for the first time , are large enough to sustain a branch .
by contrast , increased population counts will enable [many] retailers to identify towns which , for the first time , are large enough to sustain a branch .

Also some decisions are multiple .
also some decisions are [many] .

in multiple forms
in [many] forms

Multiple nets may be extended to become hundreds of yards long for a single operation .
[many] nets may be extended to become hundreds of yards long for a single operation .

This series of moves forward along the hole is what is known as a multiple dig , but some people prefer to dig a trench all the way along the burrow until the ferret is reached .
this series of moves forward along the hole is what is known as a [many] dig , but some people prefer to dig a trench all the way along the burrow until the ferret is reached .

Correct feeding means loose feeding with a so-called multiple particle bait , and in this category are maggots and casters .
correct feeding means loose feeding with a so-called [many] particle bait , and in this category are maggots and casters .

So-called multiple particle baits have also become part of the modern carp angler 's armoury .
so-called [many] particle baits have also become part of the modern carp angler 's armoury .

In practice , these distinctions are rarely so clear , and many severely disabled people will have needs for multiple support which cross these agency boundaries .
in practice , these distinctions are rarely so clear , and many severely disabled people will have needs for [many] support which cross these agency boundaries .

David Bowden of Complins , Holybourne , who was running for the Multiple Sclerosis Society , recorded a rather faster time of two hours 56 minutes — but he was running in his seventh marathon .
david bowden of complins , holybourne , who was running for the [many] sclerosis society , recorded a rather faster time of two hours 56 minutes — but he was running in his seventh marathon .

There is no doubt that if such organisations achieve their objective of eliminating all laboratory animal use in medical research , the chances of finding treatments for diseases like multiple sclerosis , muscular dystrophy , cystic fibrosis , cancer , Aids etc .
there is no doubt that if such organisations achieve their objective of eliminating all laboratory animal use in medical research , the chances of finding treatments for diseases like [many] sclerosis , muscular dystrophy , cystic fibrosis , cancer , aids etc .

Also , decisions on the purchase of multiple copies are rarely required in the case of research material .
also , decisions on the purchase of [many] copies are rarely required in the case of research material .

In their judgement the court held that the restrictions implied in the agreement were not contrary to the public interest , that abrogation of the agreement would lead to booksellers being undercut by multiple retail traders and large library suppliers , and that many stockholding booksellers , notably the specialists , would be driven out of business .
in their judgement the court held that the restrictions implied in the agreement were not contrary to the public interest , that abrogation of the agreement would lead to booksellers being undercut by [many] retail traders and large library suppliers , and that many stockholding booksellers , notably the specialists , would be driven out of business .

‘ Non-net ’ books , on which the publisher deliberately refrains from imposing a ‘ net ’ price , and which are usually school and other textbooks sold in multiple copies for classroom use , provide another exceptional category .
‘ non-net ’ books , on which the publisher deliberately refrains from imposing a ‘ net ’ price , and which are usually school and other textbooks sold in [many] copies for classroom use , provide another exceptional category .

However , booksellers may offer discounts at their own discretion on the sale of multiple copies , the idea being to enable educational authorities to purchase competitively quantities of copies , in supplying which the bookseller does not incur his usual overhead costs because of the volume of the business .
however , booksellers may offer discounts at their own discretion on the sale of [many] copies , the idea being to enable educational authorities to purchase competitively quantities of copies , in supplying which the bookseller does not incur his usual overhead costs because of the volume of the business .

, and 4,000 volumes of multiple copies for undergraduate use .
, and 4,000 volumes of [many] copies for undergraduate use .

The cumulative effect of unemployment should be demonstrated to this and successive governments by drawing on bureaux experience which highlights the correlation between unemployment and multiple debt , matrimonial problems and fuel debts , etc .
the cumulative effect of unemployment should be demonstrated to this and successive governments by drawing on bureaux experience which highlights the correlation between unemployment and [many] debt , matrimonial problems and fuel debts , etc .

In addition to the technical aspects of debt counselling , a competent advice worker will pay attention to the personal and emotional problems of clients with multiple debt problems .
in addition to the technical aspects of debt counselling , a competent advice worker will pay attention to the personal and emotional problems of clients with [many] debt problems .

The Department of the Environment ( DoE ) says that each individual transfer need not require a transfer document and repeated removals of the same waste by the same contractor ( multiple transfers ) may be covered under a single document for up to one year .
the department of the environment ( doe ) says that each individual transfer need not require a transfer document and repeated removals of the same waste by the same contractor ( [many] transfers ) may be covered under a single document for up to one year .

Recently there has been speculation that the generally disappointing effects of hypotensive drug therapy in mildly hypertensive subjects may result from the deleterious metabolic side-effects of the agents themselves Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial Research Group ( 1982 ) .
recently there has been speculation that the generally disappointing effects of hypotensive drug therapy in mildly hypertensive subjects may result from the deleterious metabolic side-effects of the agents themselves [many] risk factor intervention trial research group ( 1982 ) .

What is the difference between a variety chain store and a multiple shop ?
what is the difference between a variety chain store and a [many] shop ?

large stores and single unit shops ( indicate what these are , eg department store , shoe multiple , cafe etc )
large stores and single unit shops ( indicate what these are , eg department store , shoe [many] , cafe etc )

When a retailer is thinking of opening a shop , or a multiple chain wants to open a new branch , there are four things they need to get right : place product price promotions
when a retailer is thinking of opening a shop , or a [many] chain wants to open a new branch , there are four things they need to get right : place product price promotions

Once assembled , the details were passed through a multiple drum-sanding machine and sent for staining and polishing before being erected in the carriage .
once assembled , the details were passed through a [many] drum-sanding machine and sent for staining and polishing before being erected in the carriage .

In some areas of the country there are special Money Advice Centres which can help people in debt , particularly those who have saddled themselves with multiple debts .
in some areas of the country there are special money advice centres which can help people in debt , particularly those who have saddled themselves with [many] debts .

If any ambiguity remained , either because multiple readings survived or because some anaphor had several surviving candidates , common sense inference rules were invoked to look for a causal or other link between a proposition in the current sentence and one in an earlier one .
if any ambiguity remained , either because [many] readings survived or because some anaphor had several surviving candidates , common sense inference rules were invoked to look for a causal or other link between a proposition in the current sentence and one in an earlier one .

Similarly , a selection was made between multiple readings corresponding to non-anaphoric ambiguities by applying the syntactic preferences of Frazier & Fodor ( 1979 ) .
similarly , a selection was made between [many] readings corresponding to non-anaphoric ambiguities by applying the syntactic preferences of frazier & fodor ( 1979 ) .

They are : co-ordinating the interactions of multiple types of ambiguity , co-ordinating processes that encode different sources or types of knowledge ; co-ordinating the resolution of several anaphors in one sentence ; and co-ordinating the consideration of possible referents arising from the current sentence and from elsewhere .
they are : co-ordinating the interactions of [many] types of ambiguity , co-ordinating processes that encode different sources or types of knowledge ; co-ordinating the resolution of several anaphors in one sentence ; and co-ordinating the consideration of possible referents arising from the current sentence and from elsewhere .

Of the four co-ordination problems identified in this paper as important to anaphor resolution , that of co-ordinating multiple knowledge sources is certainly the one to which most attention has been given to date .
of the four co-ordination problems identified in this paper as important to anaphor resolution , that of co-ordinating [many] knowledge sources is certainly the one to which most attention has been given to date .

These essentially consisted of using multiple regression techniques to test the ‘ relationship ’ between local political outputs and a number of external input variables : a likely looking set of independent variables would be tested against expenditure levels to see if any of the relationships were statistically significant .
these essentially consisted of using [many] regression techniques to test the ‘ relationship ’ between local political outputs and a number of external input variables : a likely looking set of independent variables would be tested against expenditure levels to see if any of the relationships were statistically significant .

The exposure of hidden failure modes , cumulative effects and multiple faults/defects in combination is particularly important .
the exposure of hidden failure modes , cumulative effects and [many] faults/defects in combination is particularly important .

In spite of the high cost of store credit , said Virginia Matthews , many families were multiple store card users and had accounts at as many as five separate shops .
in spite of the high cost of store credit , said virginia matthews , many families were [many] store card users and had accounts at as many as five separate shops .

With the growing concern with debt problems , and the difficulties of dealing with new forms of over-borrowing and multiple debt , the credit industry appears to be accepting more responsibility for encouraging and funding money advice services .
with the growing concern with debt problems , and the difficulties of dealing with new forms of over-borrowing and [many] debt , the credit industry appears to be accepting more responsibility for encouraging and funding money advice services .

The multiple debtor can face a bewildering array of different creditors using different courts , different procedures and different threats .
the [many] debtor can face a bewildering array of different creditors using different courts , different procedures and different threats .

Many of the shops are branches of multiple stores and , though their managers sometimes take part , they obviously do not have the same interest in it as the traders who were born and bred in the town .
many of the shops are branches of [many] stores and , though their managers sometimes take part , they obviously do not have the same interest in it as the traders who were born and bred in the town .

This was in memory of a local boy who had died from multiple sclerosis and it was hoped that the prize would encourage the young men to take part .
this was in memory of a local boy who had died from [many] sclerosis and it was hoped that the prize would encourage the young men to take part .

The increase in multiple myeloma was reported by the health authority and is being investigated .
the increase in [many] myeloma was reported by the health authority and is being investigated .

Context made the meaning clear for the following words with multiple meanings in the previous few paragraphs : book , original , form , still , familiar , type , tends , well , lost , sounds , can , found , links , present .
context made the meaning clear for the following words with [many] meanings in the previous few paragraphs : book , original , form , still , familiar , type , tends , well , lost , sounds , can , found , links , present .

Families of genes with multiple copies are numerous in all animals and plant studied so far .
families of genes with [many] copies are numerous in all animals and plant studied so far .

He devotes one chapter of the book to each of these trends : 1 ) from an industrial society to an information society ; 2 ) from forced technology to high tech/high touch ( this typical jargon describes the increasing importance of human , social and spiritual responses to advanced technology ) ; 3 ) from national economic concerns to world economic concerns ; 4 ) from short-term thinking to long-term thinking and planning ; 5 ) from centralisation to decentralisation ; 6 ) from institutional help to self-help ; 7 ) from representative democracy to participatory democracy ; 8 ) from hierarchies to networking ; 9 ) from north to south ( within the United States ) ; and 10 ) from either-or to multiple options .
he devotes one chapter of the book to each of these trends : 1 ) from an industrial society to an information society ; 2 ) from forced technology to high tech/high touch ( this typical jargon describes the increasing importance of human , social and spiritual responses to advanced technology ) ; 3 ) from national economic concerns to world economic concerns ; 4 ) from short-term thinking to long-term thinking and planning ; 5 ) from centralisation to decentralisation ; 6 ) from institutional help to self-help ; 7 ) from representative democracy to participatory democracy ; 8 ) from hierarchies to networking ; 9 ) from north to south ( within the united states ) ; and 10 ) from either-or to [many] options .

Multiple personality not all in the mind
[many] personality not all in the mind

How does multiple personality disorder develop ?
how does [many] personality disorder develop ?

On one end is daydreaming , on the other , multiple personality .
on one end is daydreaming , on the other , [many] personality .

Throughout , the emphasis is on constructing multiple alternative models , which can be explored and tested against each other .
throughout , the emphasis is on constructing [many] alternative models , which can be explored and tested against each other .

The mechanism for containment is the multiple barrier .
the mechanism for containment is the [many] barrier .

Such an approach moves away from the concept of the multiple barrier , substituting isolation and temporary containment followed by dilution and dispersal .
such an approach moves away from the concept of the [many] barrier , substituting isolation and temporary containment followed by dilution and dispersal .

Even if the recorded incidence of multiple myelomas were 25 per cent up from 1969–73 to 1974–78 , as a result of better registration of the disease , the chances of this surge of cases occurring by chance would be 1 in 1000 .
even if the recorded incidence of [many] myelomas were 25 per cent up from 1969–73 to 1974–78 , as a result of better registration of the disease , the chances of this surge of cases occurring by chance would be 1 in 1000 .

Multiple sclerosis therapy is under pressure
[many] sclerosis therapy is under pressure

Forty patients with advanced multiple sclerosis received either pure oxygen or a mixture of 10 per cent oxygen in nitrogen , for 90 minutes a day .
forty patients with advanced [many] sclerosis received either pure oxygen or a mixture of 10 per cent oxygen in nitrogen , for 90 minutes a day .

The resulting leakage of plasma from veins is a recognised feature of multiple sclerosis and is know to cause shedding of the fatty covering of nerve fibres ( the myelin sheath ) .
the resulting leakage of plasma from veins is a recognised feature of [many] sclerosis and is know to cause shedding of the fatty covering of nerve fibres ( the myelin sheath ) .

Computed tomography indicates that vascular events can precede the symptoms of multiple sclerosis and that death of nerve fibres occurs considerably later .
computed tomography indicates that vascular events can precede the symptoms of [many] sclerosis and that death of nerve fibres occurs considerably later .

Hyperbaric-oxygen treatment is also known to suppress the immune systems in experimental animals , and researchers suspect that multiple sclerosis may be an autoimmune disease related to a viral infection .
hyperbaric-oxygen treatment is also known to suppress the immune systems in experimental animals , and researchers suspect that [many] sclerosis may be an autoimmune disease related to a viral infection .

Stone-age man would have noticed that birds navigating by means of the magnetic properties of the ley lines together with the visual cues thereon , became disorientated at certain points ( multiple ley-line intersections ) .
stone-age man would have noticed that birds navigating by means of the magnetic properties of the ley lines together with the visual cues thereon , became disorientated at certain points ( [many] ley-line intersections ) .

Need for a multiple approach
need for a [many] approach

We were shown film of one-hit-one-kill armour-piercing ammunition , fired from a multiple cannon , able to shoot 3200 rounds a minute of 25 mm ammunition .
we were shown film of one-hit-one-kill armour-piercing ammunition , fired from a [many] cannon , able to shoot 3200 rounds a minute of 25 mm ammunition .

One possible answer is that a quasar produces not just one beam , or one pair of oppositely-directed beams , but multiple beams .
one possible answer is that a quasar produces not just one beam , or one pair of oppositely-directed beams , but [many] beams .

Gale underrates what Charles did scientifically ; he also underrates the opposition — he gives no references , for example , to who held the theory of multiple creation , nor to why .
gale underrates what charles did scientifically ; he also underrates the opposition — he gives no references , for example , to who held the theory of [many] creation , nor to why .

Not only does this increase costs and emphasise differences between richer and poorer children but it also contributes to a very inflexible and inefficient distribution of learning materials , since under this system ‘ shared ’ material is never bought — only class texts — and it is by no means uncommon to find that as a result a class may end up with only two or three books at its disposal , all in multiple copies .
not only does this increase costs and emphasise differences between richer and poorer children but it also contributes to a very inflexible and inefficient distribution of learning materials , since under this system ‘ shared ’ material is never bought — only class texts — and it is by no means uncommon to find that as a result a class may end up with only two or three books at its disposal , all in [many] copies .

Multiple choice questions , easily machine marked , are therefore greatly favoured .
[many] choice questions , easily machine marked , are therefore greatly favoured .

The multiple choice questions , mentioned earlier , besides restricting the extent of the subject matter , often limit the range of intellectual skills which can be tested .
the [many] choice questions , mentioned earlier , besides restricting the extent of the subject matter , often limit the range of intellectual skills which can be tested .

It may well be that machine-marked multiple choice type questions may prove inappropriate instruments for measuring or achieving desired curricular goals such as content or skills in Environmental Studies .
it may well be that machine-marked [many] choice type questions may prove inappropriate instruments for measuring or achieving desired curricular goals such as content or skills in environmental studies .

It was in these countries , and also in Catalonia , that the most radical solution to the problem of multiple homage was attempted .
it was in these countries , and also in catalonia , that the most radical solution to the problem of [many] homage was attempted .

Multiple homage might compel a man to break his contract with one or another of his lords .
[many] homage might compel a man to break his contract with one or another of his lords .

The relevance of such multiple sensory realities to conventional evolutionary theory has so far remained unconsidered .
the relevance of such [many] sensory realities to conventional evolutionary theory has so far remained unconsidered .

Back in the world of multiple sensory realities , vocalization and dynamic , three-dimensional echo-location are the most fully developed sensory systems of some bats and cetaceans .
back in the world of [many] sensory realities , vocalization and dynamic , three-dimensional echo-location are the most fully developed sensory systems of some bats and cetaceans .

Such studies have received a lot of publicity , so it is small wonder that the average family doctor suspects a psychological cause rather than a physical one , especially where patients complain of multiple symptoms .
such studies have received a lot of publicity , so it is small wonder that the average family doctor suspects a psychological cause rather than a physical one , especially where patients complain of [many] symptoms .

If an illness has multiple causes it makes sense to attack it on several fronts at once .
if an illness has [many] causes it makes sense to attack it on several fronts at once .

This is particularly true for those with multiple symptoms who have been ill for many years .
this is particularly true for those with [many] symptoms who have been ill for many years .

Some of those who are dismissive of food intolerance , see hyperventilation as a widespread cause of vague , multiple symptoms .
some of those who are dismissive of food intolerance , see hyperventilation as a widespread cause of vague , [many] symptoms .

The multiple role of many detoxification enzymes would explain one of the curious features of chemical-sensitive patients — the fact that they are usually affected by a whole range of chemicals , not just one .
the [many] role of many detoxification enzymes would explain one of the curious features of chemical-sensitive patients — the fact that they are usually affected by a whole range of chemicals , not just one .

For toxins or acetaldehyde to produce multiple symptoms , quite large amounts would have to be produced .
for toxins or acetaldehyde to produce [many] symptoms , quite large amounts would have to be produced .

As a responsive composite ‘ biomaterial ’ , a biosensor is rather special , not only in the complex , multiple alliance of the materials in any individual device , but also in the wide range of materials that must be considered for the many types of transduction systems .
as a responsive composite ‘ biomaterial ’ , a biosensor is rather special , not only in the complex , [many] alliance of the materials in any individual device , but also in the wide range of materials that must be considered for the many types of transduction systems .

Diseases are categorised and insufficient note is made of the effect of multiple pathology on the problems of the patient .
diseases are categorised and insufficient note is made of the effect of [many] pathology on the problems of the patient .

The dual role of the learner as a student and employee causes conflict in the clinical area between the need to learn and the multiple pressures exerted upon all ward staff committed to patient care .
the dual role of the learner as a student and employee causes conflict in the clinical area between the need to learn and the [many] pressures exerted upon all ward staff committed to patient care .

multiple choice , true false questions .
[many] choice , true false questions .

Cutting is typically of the wrist or forearm , and the cuts are usually multiple .
cutting is typically of the wrist or forearm , and the cuts are usually [many] .

Then followed the era of multiple winners , men who have won the Tour more than three times .
then followed the era of [many] winners , men who have won the tour more than three times .

The running of multiple sessions has been another means of saving which , though not always a problem , has led to truncated teaching sessions , late-coming and absenteeism on the part of teachers and pupils .
the running of [many] sessions has been another means of saving which , though not always a problem , has led to truncated teaching sessions , late-coming and absenteeism on the part of teachers and pupils .

This concentration of the more disadvantaged within the cities has fuelled debates about the combined issues of the extent of multiple deprivation in the cities and the relative severity of that deprivation within the various cities .
this concentration of the more disadvantaged within the cities has fuelled debates about the combined issues of the extent of [many] deprivation in the cities and the relative severity of that deprivation within the various cities .

Equally , it seems that multiple deprivation is more apparent in some inner-urban cores than in others ( Hausner and Robson , 1985 ) — inner Birmingham , Liverpool , Glasgow and Manchester seemingly substantially worse than most others .
equally , it seems that [many] deprivation is more apparent in some inner-urban cores than in others ( hausner and robson , 1985 ) — inner birmingham , liverpool , glasgow and manchester seemingly substantially worse than most others .

In this example , the number of data points is not an exact multiple of three , so the second guideline could not be met ; balance in the two outer batches has been preserved by putting three points into each of them them and four into the middle .
in this example , the number of data points is not an exact [many] of three , so the second guideline could not be met ; balance in the two outer batches has been preserved by putting three points into each of them them and four into the middle .

Multiple boxplots such as those in figure 11.3 are hard to summarize succinctly : not only do typical income levels in each group vary , but the spread and shape also vary .
[many] boxplots such as those in figure 11.3 are hard to summarize succinctly : not only do typical income levels in each group vary , but the spread and shape also vary .

Multiple batches can be made to have more similar spreads .
[many] batches can be made to have more similar spreads .

Equality of spread in multiple batches promotes comparability between them ; it is hard to summarize differences in level when spreads also vary .
equality of spread in [many] batches promotes comparability between them ; it is hard to summarize differences in level when spreads also vary .

It is important for the spread to be independent of level in data analysis , whether fitting lines , smoothing , or dealing with multiple boxplots .
it is important for the spread to be independent of level in data analysis , whether fitting lines , smoothing , or dealing with [many] boxplots .

Many different component causes can add together to produce a particular outcome , a process known as multiple causality .
many different component causes can add together to produce a particular outcome , a process known as [many] causality .

Multiple causality means that two or more causes tend to work together to produce an effect .
[many] causality means that two or more causes tend to work together to produce an effect .

The diagram in figure 12.1 represents a simple system of multiple causal paths .
the diagram in figure 12.1 represents a simple system of [many] causal paths .

At the local scale , it is usually impossible to neglect the effects of multiple processes operating .
at the local scale , it is usually impossible to neglect the effects of [many] processes operating .

( 1990 ) examined only a single point source , though it generalizes to multiple sources and to linear hazards as well .
( 1990 ) examined only a single point source , though it generalizes to [many] sources and to linear hazards as well .

Milk must be packed in one of the following volumes : 200ml , 250ml , 500ml , 750ml , 1 litre , 2 litre and then in multiples of 500ml ; one-third of a pint , or any multiple of ½ pint .
milk must be packed in one of the following volumes : 200ml , 250ml , 500ml , 750ml , 1 litre , 2 litre and then in multiples of 500ml ; one-third of a pint , or any [many] of ½ pint .

In hospital , the spouse 's communication with the patient , in a setting that includes nightclothes , bed , single or multiple room/ward , is essentially different .
in hospital , the spouse 's communication with the patient , in a setting that includes nightclothes , bed , single or [many] room/ward , is essentially different .

They want to encourage multiple land use , but some uses conflict with others .
they want to encourage [many] land use , but some uses conflict with others .

Because textile firms are increasingly supplying retailers and industrial users directly , as well as producing fabric for apparel-makers , we also address the multiple channels evolving in this sector .
because textile firms are increasingly supplying retailers and industrial users directly , as well as producing fabric for apparel-makers , we also address the [many] channels evolving in this sector .

Of course , a firm that relies on multiple production plants has a more complex problem than the example just presented .
of course , a firm that relies on [many] production plants has a more complex problem than the example just presented .

Prior to the use of bar codes , implementation of a continuous-review policy at retail was nearly impossible because it was extraordinarily difficult to keep track of actual inventory levels on a continuous basis.17 Today bar codes and retail information systems allow access to stocking levels on a continuous basis , but most retailers choose to use periodic review systems to restrict ordering activities to set times of the week ; that way , they can save on transportation and other costs by ordering multiple products from the same vendor at the same time .
prior to the use of bar codes , implementation of a continuous-review policy at retail was nearly impossible because it was extraordinarily difficult to keep track of actual inventory levels on a continuous basis.17 today bar codes and retail information systems allow access to stocking levels on a continuous basis , but most retailers choose to use periodic review systems to restrict ordering activities to set times of the week ; that way , they can save on transportation and other costs by ordering [many] products from the same vendor at the same time .

When a specific task took longer than the surrounding operations , multiple workers were employed on the slower task to achieve balance .
when a specific task took longer than the surrounding operations , [many] workers were employed on the slower task to achieve balance .

Because cutters worked on multiple layers of fabric at one time , their errors were likely to be costly .
because cutters worked on [many] layers of fabric at one time , their errors were likely to be costly .

Textile firms , however , have been players in multiple supply channels .
textile firms , however , have been players in [many] supply channels .

Thus , there are at least three kinds of relations among the industries , and multiple textile channels are on the rise .
thus , there are at least three kinds of relations among the industries , and [many] textile channels are on the rise .

There are machines with multiple needles and loopers that attach elastic waistbands to boxer shorts , for example .
there are machines with [many] needles and loopers that attach elastic waistbands to boxer shorts , for example .

The system can store design , costing , measurements , and detailed construction information , all in multiple languages .
the system can store design , costing , measurements , and detailed construction information , all in [many] languages .

Apparel producers providing garments with multiple dimensions—for example , men ’ s shirts that are sized according to collar , sleeve length , and often torso length—require much more consistent cutting than suppliers whose apparel is sold only in small , medium , and large sizes .
apparel producers providing garments with [many] dimensions—for example , men ’ s shirts that are sized according to collar , sleeve length , and often torso length—require much more consistent cutting than suppliers whose apparel is sold only in small , medium , and large sizes .

Even after we control for these factors using multiple regression techniques , the number of innovative practices adopted by business units have a statistically significant positive effect on lead time .
even after we control for these factors using [many] regression techniques , the number of innovative practices adopted by business units have a statistically significant positive effect on lead time .

The historical associations of the Slaughterhouse dispute lend themselves to multiple perspectives .
the historical associations of the slaughterhouse dispute lend themselves to [many] perspectives .

Intermediate-complexity polyfunctional objects are just what allows multiple pathways , multiple permutations of construction steps to our two final objects .
intermediate-complexity polyfunctional objects are just what allows [many] pathways , [many] permutations of construction steps to our two final objects .

One is based on a view of multiple universes and the “ weak anthropic principle. ” This principle states that there exist multiple universes , but only those universes that were complex would sport life forms with the wit to wonder why their universe was complex .
one is based on a view of [many] universes and the “ weak anthropic principle. ” this principle states that there exist [many] universes , but only those universes that were complex would sport life forms with the wit to wonder why their universe was complex .

To answer this deep mystery we have , at present , the anthropic principle , Lee Smolin ’ s concept of cosmic natural selection for black hole density , and the hope to find the ultimate parameter-free theory that would not require multiple universes or a historical process .
to answer this deep mystery we have , at present , the anthropic principle , lee smolin ’ s concept of cosmic natural selection for black hole density , and the hope to find the ultimate parameter-free theory that would not require [many] universes or a historical process .

The process may be repeated for multiple coloring .
the process may be repeated for [many] coloring .

Much of the non-gaming business resides in suburban business parks and master-planned communities , part of the city ’ s effort to reinvent the nature of urban and suburban existence by offering multiple industrial and retail centers throughout the valley .
much of the non-gaming business resides in suburban business parks and master-planned communities , part of the city ’ s effort to reinvent the nature of urban and suburban existence by offering [many] industrial and retail centers throughout the valley .

If you can ’ t make up your mind , just head to one of the giant movie complexes with multiple theaters .
if you can ’ t make up your mind , just head to one of the giant movie complexes with [many] theaters .

Multiple seatings start at 5pm ; dark Sunday and Monday ; around $ 75 ( special rate for children 5–10 ) .
[many] seatings start at 5pm ; dark sunday and monday ; around $ 75 ( special rate for children 5–10 ) .

Las Vegas now seems poised to accept the multiple layers of its existence as a tourist city .
las vegas now seems poised to accept the [many] layers of its existence as a tourist city .

Rising fuel costs mean that water-skiing is becoming an expensive sport ; all the more reason to double-check rival schools for length of runs , number of attempts allowed for “ getting up , ” and discounts for multiple runs .
rising fuel costs mean that water-skiing is becoming an expensive sport ; all the more reason to double-check rival schools for length of runs , number of attempts allowed for “ getting up , ” and discounts for [many] runs .

Another activity that is all the rage is paintball , and there are multiple fields where you can inflict paint rather than pain .
another activity that is all the rage is paintball , and there are [many] fields where you can inflict paint rather than pain .

Pura Kebo Edan has a statue of the giant Bima , standing 3 m ( 10 ft ) tall , with multiple penises , trampling on a copulating couple .
pura kebo edan has a statue of the giant bima , standing 3 m ( 10 ft ) tall , with [many] penises , trampling on a copulating couple .

Cozumel has multiple personalities ; it caters to divers who go to bed early and rise with the sun , yet it also has occasionally raucous nightlife for those who want to stay out and party .
cozumel has [many] personalities ; it caters to divers who go to bed early and rise with the sun , yet it also has occasionally raucous nightlife for those who want to stay out and party .

Traveling south along the Costa Alegre , two spectacular courses offer exclusive play and multiple ocean views .
traveling south along the costa alegre , two spectacular courses offer exclusive play and [many] ocean views .

Taking note of the generally conservative impulse of New York 's legal community , Mr. Curnin suggested that the multiple pro bono aspect of Dean Glen 's sweeping proposal could be lost on judges who might dismiss the matter in terms of a bar exam procedural issue with a `` social good '' patina .
taking note of the generally conservative impulse of new york 's legal community , mr. curnin suggested that the [many] pro bono aspect of dean glen 's sweeping proposal could be lost on judges who might dismiss the matter in terms of a bar exam procedural issue with a `` social good '' patina .

Research that covers multiple outcomes in addition to medical ones addresses audiences with different needs and priorities and encourages their support for provision of intervention services and financial resources .
research that covers [many] outcomes in addition to medical ones addresses audiences with different needs and priorities and encourages their support for provision of intervention services and financial resources .

Ultimately , this multiple approach will help us to reach our shared goal of fewer alcohol-related deaths and injuries .
ultimately , this [many] approach will help us to reach our shared goal of fewer alcohol-related deaths and injuries .

Since alcohol interventions in the ED cut across different disciplines , the peer-review group should embrace multiple perspectives .
since alcohol interventions in the ed cut across different disciplines , the peer-review group should embrace [many] perspectives .

It is difficult to prescribe multiple visits unless the patient is admitted to the hospital from the emergency department or has an extended stay in a trauma center .
it is difficult to prescribe [many] visits unless the patient is admitted to the hospital from the emergency department or has an extended stay in a trauma center .

Multiple , feasible referral options that vary in intensity and scope should be available as part of the intervention .
[many] , feasible referral options that vary in intensity and scope should be available as part of the intervention .

We have just heard compelling evidence regarding the efficacy of brief intervention in a variety of settings including primary care , inpatient trauma centers , and emergency departments , and for multiple populations , ranging from adolescents to adults .
we have just heard compelling evidence regarding the efficacy of brief intervention in a variety of settings including primary care , inpatient trauma centers , and emergency departments , and for [many] populations , ranging from adolescents to adults .

Fortunately , the number of ideas and research questions are endless , allowing for multiple studies and a great deal of creativity on the part of the researchers .
fortunately , the number of ideas and research questions are endless , allowing for [many] studies and a great deal of creativity on the part of the researchers .

Interactive computer programs on laptops or palm computers , web-based interventions , computerized bundling of brief health messages for multiple health risks ( e.g. , smoking , alcohol use , seat belt use ) , and audio interventions tailored to specific problems and delivered through headsets19 are also being posited as potential approaches in emergency and urgent care settings .
interactive computer programs on laptops or palm computers , web-based interventions , computerized bundling of brief health messages for [many] health risks ( e.g. , smoking , alcohol use , seat belt use ) , and audio interventions tailored to specific problems and delivered through headsets19 are also being posited as potential approaches in emergency and urgent care settings .

He also observed that patients who screen positive for one risk factor often have multiple risk factors .
he also observed that patients who screen positive for one risk factor often have [many] risk factors .

D'Onofrio observed that both Project Assert and her project funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation provided intervention for multiple behaviors , and that brief interventions for all behaviors were based on the same principles .
d'onofrio observed that both project assert and her project funded by the robert wood johnson foundation provided intervention for [many] behaviors , and that brief interventions for all behaviors were based on the same principles .

D'Onofrio and others have recommended using the NIAAA approach in the ED.10 Studies of screening tests Cherpitel conducted two studies comparing multiple screening tests in the ED .
d'onofrio and others have recommended using the niaaa approach in the ed.10 studies of screening tests cherpitel conducted two studies comparing [many] screening tests in the ed .

In the first study , TWEAK and AUDIT were most sensitive , identifying 84 % and 81 % of patients , respectively , with an ICD-10 diagnosis of alcohol dependence.7 In the second study , RAPS and AUDIT were more sensitive than TWEAK and CAGE , identifying 79 % and 78 % compared with 72 % and 71 % , respectively , of patients with an ICD-10 or DSM-IV diagnosis of alcohol dependence , harmful drinking , or abuse.5,36 Soderstrom has compared multiple screening tests in a trauma center .
in the first study , tweak and audit were most sensitive , identifying 84 % and 81 % of patients , respectively , with an icd-10 diagnosis of alcohol dependence.7 in the second study , raps and audit were more sensitive than tweak and cage , identifying 79 % and 78 % compared with 72 % and 71 % , respectively , of patients with an icd-10 or dsm-iv diagnosis of alcohol dependence , harmful drinking , or abuse.5,36 soderstrom has compared [many] screening tests in a trauma center .

We must be careful not to employ screening techniques that do not address important subgroups.41 Evidence of such low sensitivity in an important subgroup may necessitate use of multiple screens tailored to subgroups .
we must be careful not to employ screening techniques that do not address important subgroups.41 evidence of such low sensitivity in an important subgroup may necessitate use of [many] screens tailored to subgroups .

Of 4,663 patients , only 13 were entered into the trial and the trial was abandoned.65,66 There are multiple barriers to screening .
of 4,663 patients , only 13 were entered into the trial and the trial was abandoned.65,66 there are [many] barriers to screening .

Development and validation of the SDDS-PC screen for multiple mental disorders in primary care .
development and validation of the sdds-pc screen for [many] mental disorders in primary care .

At the same time , the proposed cabinet department , even with its multiple missions , will still be just one of many players with important roles and responsibilities for ensuring homeland security .
at the same time , the proposed cabinet department , even with its [many] missions , will still be just one of many players with important roles and responsibilities for ensuring homeland security .

In fact , quite a number of the agencies proposed to be transferred to DHS have multiple functions .
in fact , quite a number of the agencies proposed to be transferred to dhs have [many] functions .

Agencies or programs that balance multiple missions present the Congress with significant issues that must be evaluated in order to determine how best to achieve all of the goals and objectives for which the entity was created .
agencies or programs that balance [many] missions present the congress with significant issues that must be evaluated in order to determine how best to achieve all of the goals and objectives for which the entity was created .

There are clearly advantages and disadvantages to all of the decisions about placing agencies or programs with multiple missions in DHS and Congress must carefully weigh numerous important factors related to performance and accountability in crafting the legislation .
there are clearly advantages and disadvantages to all of the decisions about placing agencies or programs with [many] missions in dhs and congress must carefully weigh numerous important factors related to performance and accountability in crafting the legislation .

OPM 's regulations recognize that senior executives in public sector organizations face the challenging task of balancing the needs of multiple customers , who at times may have differing or ever competing expectations .
opm 's regulations recognize that senior executives in public sector organizations face the challenging task of balancing the needs of [many] customers , who at times may have differing or ever competing expectations .

Partnerships : Partnerships and coalitions can help senior executives work collaboratively with their customers to ensure that the organization takes into account their multiple interests and achieves results .
partnerships : partnerships and coalitions can help senior executives work collaboratively with their customers to ensure that the organization takes into account their [many] interests and achieves results .

The information is presented in a `` multiple media '' format in order to accommodate different learning styles and to allow learning to occur in different environments and in periods best suited to the learner .
the information is presented in a `` [many] media '' format in order to accommodate different learning styles and to allow learning to occur in different environments and in periods best suited to the learner .

However , multiple levels of detail are available , and decisionmakers can drill down to the desired level of detail .
however , [many] levels of detail are available , and decisionmakers can drill down to the desired level of detail .

As a tool in managing improper payments , applying data mining to a data warehouse allows an organization to efficiently query the system to identify questionable activities , such as multiple payments for an individual invoice or to an individual recipient on a certain date .
as a tool in managing improper payments , applying data mining to a data warehouse allows an organization to efficiently query the system to identify questionable activities , such as [many] payments for an individual invoice or to an individual recipient on a certain date .

Further , these sources varied widely , from information contained in multiple computer databases to periodic meetings of individuals to share information on emerging issues and other areas relevant to effective program operations .
further , these sources varied widely , from information contained in [many] computer databases to periodic meetings of individuals to share information on emerging issues and other areas relevant to effective program operations .

In addition , these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and increase consistency in the implementation of the organization 's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by multiple individual business units .
in addition , these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and increase consistency in the implementation of the organization 's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by [many] individual business units .

Assessing risks and identifying needed policies and controls for general support systems , such as organizationwide networks or central data processing centers , that supported multiple business units .
assessing risks and identifying needed policies and controls for general support systems , such as organizationwide networks or central data processing centers , that supported [many] business units .

For example , a central fund created to support the seizure activities of multiple entities 45This amends SFFAS No .
for example , a central fund created to support the seizure activities of [many] entities 45this amends sffas no .

In cases where land has multiple uses , none of which is predominant , a description of the multiple uses shall be presented .
in cases where land has [many] uses , none of which is predominant , a description of the [many] uses shall be presented .

Multiple Category Reporting .
[many] category reporting .

This is because where multiple reporting is required , the units of measure are different for each of the stewardship categories .
this is because where [many] reporting is required , the units of measure are different for each of the stewardship categories .

To clarify this point , the discussion of the process of multiple reporting was expanded in the statement to explain that the Board does not consider this reporting as double counting .
to clarify this point , the discussion of the process of [many] reporting was expanded in the statement to explain that the board does not consider this reporting as double counting .

Practice 4 : Produce a Set of Performance Measures at Each Organizational Level That Demonstrate Results , Are Limited to the Vital Few , Respond to Multiple Priorities , and Link to Responsible Programs We learned , as well , that agencies that were successful in measuring their performance generally had applied two practices .
practice 4 : produce a set of performance measures at each organizational level that demonstrate results , are limited to the vital few , respond to [many] priorities , and link to responsible programs we learned , as well , that agencies that were successful in measuring their performance generally had applied two practices .

These measures were ( 1 ) tied to program goals and demonstrated the degree to which the desired results were achieved , ( 2 ) limited to a vital few that were considered essential for producing data for decisionmaking , ( 3 ) responsive to multiple priorities , and ( 4 ) responsibility-linked to establish accountability for results .
these measures were ( 1 ) tied to program goals and demonstrated the degree to which the desired results were achieved , ( 2 ) limited to a vital few that were considered essential for producing data for decisionmaking , ( 3 ) responsive to [many] priorities , and ( 4 ) responsibility-linked to establish accountability for results .

Respond to multiple priorities : Government agencies often face a variety of interests whose competing demands continually force policymakers and managers to balance quality , cost , customer satisfaction , stakeholder concerns , and other factors .
respond to [many] priorities : government agencies often face a variety of interests whose competing demands continually force policymakers and managers to balance quality , cost , customer satisfaction , stakeholder concerns , and other factors .

Others have multiple charges for moving phones or other equipment , without identifying whether the moves were for NEPDG staff , and which of the multiple charges are relevant to the moves .
others have [many] charges for moving phones or other equipment , without identifying whether the moves were for nepdg staff , and which of the [many] charges are relevant to the moves .

For example , if data are entered at multiple sites , inconsistent interpretation of data rules can lead to data that , taken as a whole , are unreliable .
for example , if data are entered at [many] sites , inconsistent interpretation of data rules can lead to data that , taken as a whole , are unreliable .

Section 7 : Making the Preliminary Assessment Factors to Consider in the Assessment The preliminary assessment is the first decision point in the assessment process , including the consideration of multiple factors , a determination of the sufficiency of the data reliability with what is known at this point , and a decision about whether further work is required .
section 7 : making the preliminary assessment factors to consider in the assessment the preliminary assessment is the first decision point in the assessment process , including the consideration of [many] factors , a determination of the sufficiency of the data reliability with what is known at this point , and a decision about whether further work is required .

Transmissions of receipt and acceptance data will come from multiple locations and possibly from vendor locations where , for example , a government employee transmits data electronically from a fueling dock and from agencies ' remote locations , including field offices and sea vessels .
transmissions of receipt and acceptance data will come from [many] locations and possibly from vendor locations where , for example , a government employee transmits data electronically from a fueling dock and from agencies ' remote locations , including field offices and sea vessels .

In limited circumstances , however , GAO will work with the requesters to merge multiple requests it receives relating to a major event , such as a natural disaster or accident .
in limited circumstances , however , gao will work with the requesters to merge [many] requests it receives relating to a major event , such as a natural disaster or accident .

These circumstances involve situations in which the request ( 1 ) addresses an important issue of broad interest to multiple committees or the Congress as a whole , ( 2 ) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track , or ( 3 ) asks for a compilation of information which GAO has developed from a substantial body of prior work and/or work originally requested by others .
these circumstances involve situations in which the request ( 1 ) addresses an important issue of broad interest to [many] committees or the congress as a whole , ( 2 ) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track , or ( 3 ) asks for a compilation of information which gao has developed from a substantial body of prior work and/or work originally requested by others .

In cases of multiple requests for testimony involving the same subject matter , GAO will testify on the date of the first hearing held and will be available to testify at any subsequent hearings .
in cases of [many] requests for testimony involving the same subject matter , gao will testify on the date of the first hearing held and will be available to testify at any subsequent hearings .

These evolutionary improvements to products eventually result in the full desired capability , but in multiple steps , delivering a series of enhanced interim capabilities to the customer more quickly .
these evolutionary improvements to products eventually result in the full desired capability , but in [many] steps , delivering a series of enhanced interim capabilities to the customer more quickly .

Because problems can result from a number of plausible factors or multiple causes , the recommendation can be more persuasive if auditors can clearly demonstrate and explain with evidence and reasoning the link between the problems and the factor or factors they identified as the underlying cause .
because problems can result from a number of plausible factors or [many] causes , the recommendation can be more persuasive if auditors can clearly demonstrate and explain with evidence and reasoning the link between the problems and the factor or factors they identified as the underlying cause .

In addition , these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and increase consistency in the implementation of the organization 's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by multiple individual business units .
in addition , these central groups were able to achieve some efficiencies and increase consistency in the implementation of the organization 's security program by performing tasks centrally that might otherwise be performed by [many] individual business units .

Assessing risks and identifying needed policies and controls for general support systems , such as organizationwide networks or central data processing centers , that supported multiple business units .
assessing risks and identifying needed policies and controls for general support systems , such as organizationwide networks or central data processing centers , that supported [many] business units .

GAO must become more capable of handling multiple responsibilities in a rapidly changing environment-all while adhering to our core values and applicable professional standards .
gao must become more capable of handling [many] responsibilities in a rapidly changing environment-all while adhering to our core values and applicable professional standards .

We recognize that the government of tomorrow must be leaner , that it must eliminate bureaucracy and multiple management layers , that agencies must respect future fiscal and budgetary realities , and that they must be performancedriven and resultsoriented organizations .
we recognize that the government of tomorrow must be leaner , that it must eliminate bureaucracy and [many] management layers , that agencies must respect future fiscal and budgetary realities , and that they must be performancedriven and resultsoriented organizations .

One organization established a secure telephone line that allowed immediate contact with multiple parties , thereby speeding communication of timecritical information .
one organization established a secure telephone line that allowed immediate contact with [many] parties , thereby speeding communication of timecritical information .

Telecenters are facilities away from the traditional government office that are equipped with workstations , telephones , and computers among other items that are shared by employees of multiple agencies .
telecenters are facilities away from the traditional government office that are equipped with workstations , telephones , and computers among other items that are shared by employees of [many] agencies .

The FCC notes that while there are in excess of 13,000 for-profit IBS licenses , a single licensee may hold multiple licenses so that it is not possible to determine the actual number of individual licensees for the service .
the fcc notes that while there are in excess of 13,000 for-profit ibs licenses , a single licensee may hold [many] licenses so that it is not possible to determine the actual number of individual licensees for the service .

The majority of the responding agencies maintain multiple regional project execution offices .
the majority of the responding agencies maintain [many] regional project execution offices .

NIH has developed a multiple agency , shared file system that allows all authorized users to have access to the completed contractor performance evaluations of all subscribing agencies via the Internet .
nih has developed a [many] agency , shared file system that allows all authorized users to have access to the completed contractor performance evaluations of all subscribing agencies via the internet .

Determine if the agency made multiple calls forbest and final offers , justified in accordance with FAR 15.611 .
determine if the agency made [many] calls forbest and final offers , justified in accordance with far 15.611 .

The other field office , which reported saving about $ 32,000 over 6 years , also noted that multiple changes in contract carriers have made it more difficult to accumulate and effectively use frequent flyer miles .
the other field office , which reported saving about $ 32,000 over 6 years , also noted that [many] changes in contract carriers have made it more difficult to accumulate and effectively use frequent flyer miles .

To another , a case study examines a clearly defined site and reports on that one site , so that multiple site studies would not be case studies .
to another , a case study examines a clearly defined site and reports on that one site , so that [many] site studies would not be case studies .

Case studies involve what methodologists call `` thick '' descriptions : rich , full information that should come from multiple data sources , particularly from firsthand observations .
case studies involve what methodologists call `` thick '' descriptions : rich , full information that should come from [many] data sources , particularly from firsthand observations .

That is , reliability of the findings is developed through the multiple data sources within each type .
that is , reliability of the findings is developed through the [many] data sources within each type .

The multiple sites usually required for program implementation questions impose demands on training and supervision needed for quality control .
the [many] sites usually required for program implementation questions impose demands on training and supervision needed for quality control .

Measurement Case study methods can use two tactics for achieving measurement validity : multiple sources of evidence Validity and using the chain-of-evidence technique in data reduction .
measurement case study methods can use two tactics for achieving measurement validity : [many] sources of evidence validity and using the chain-of-evidence technique in data reduction .

Multiple Sources of Turning first to multiple data sources : case studies require `` thick '' description in order to get enough Evidence information to check for trends , to rule out competing Page 63 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations explanations , and to corroborate findings .
[many] sources of turning first to [many] data sources : case studies require `` thick '' description in order to get enough evidence information to check for trends , to rule out competing page 63 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations explanations , and to corroborate findings .

Rival explanations Reproducibility of findings Developing alternative interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out Establish through analysis of multiple sites and data over time Plausible and complete Data analysis ends when a plausible explanation has been developed , considering completely all the evidence Specific techniques for handling multisite data sets Matrix of categories , graphic data displays , tabulating frequency of different events , developing complex tabulations to check for relationships , and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis second , or `` think , '' phase ends with specification of what new information would be needed to rule out alternative explanations or confirm interpretations .
rival explanations reproducibility of findings developing alternative interpretations of findings and testing through search for confirming and disconfirming evidence until one hypothesis is confirmed and others ruled out establish through analysis of [many] sites and data over time plausible and complete data analysis ends when a plausible explanation has been developed , considering completely all the evidence specific techniques for handling multisite data sets matrix of categories , graphic data displays , tabulating frequency of different events , developing complex tabulations to check for relationships , and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis second , or `` think , '' phase ends with specification of what new information would be needed to rule out alternative explanations or confirm interpretations .

These are ( 1 ) submitting reports to people from whom data were collected and printing their critiques with the report , ( 2 ) use of multiple data collection methods within case studies , and ( 3 ) adoption of the audit trail or chain-of-evidence technique .
these are ( 1 ) submitting reports to people from whom data were collected and printing their critiques with the report , ( 2 ) use of [many] data collection methods within case studies , and ( 3 ) adoption of the audit trail or chain-of-evidence technique .

We often use multiple methods , and the audit trail technique now recommended for case study use was itself adopted from such auditing procedures as workpapers and referencing , which are standard practice with GAO .
we often use [many] methods , and the audit trail technique now recommended for case study use was itself adopted from such auditing procedures as workpapers and referencing , which are standard practice with gao .

These researchers believe , in complex situations the many persons who are significantly involved have different `` realities '' in their explanation of events and even in their perceptions of what happened , and this is best matched with a method that gradually represents and reconstructs these multiple realities , rather than a method that assumes a single `` truth '' exists .
these researchers believe , in complex situations the many persons who are significantly involved have different `` realities '' in their explanation of events and even in their perceptions of what happened , and this is best matched with a method that gradually represents and reconstructs these [many] realities , rather than a method that assumes a single `` truth '' exists .

As seen by such scholars , `` there is no single reality on which inquiry may converge , but rather there are multiple realities that are socially constructed , and that , when known more fully , tend to produce diverging reality .
as seen by such scholars , `` there is no single reality on which inquiry may converge , but rather there are [many] realities that are socially constructed , and that , when known more fully , tend to produce diverging reality .

These multiple and constructed realities can not be studied in pieces ( as variables , for example ) , but only holistically , since the pieces are interrelated in such a way as to influence all other pieces .
these [many] and constructed realities can not be studied in pieces ( as variables , for example ) , but only holistically , since the pieces are interrelated in such a way as to influence all other pieces .

All these changes-to multiple observers , professionally supervised but not professionally trained observers , and shorter observation times-led to others .
all these changes-to [many] observers , professionally supervised but not professionally trained observers , and shorter observation times-led to others .

Some aim for uniformity or comparability of data both within a site with multiple observers and across several sites .
some aim for uniformity or comparability of data both within a site with [many] observers and across several sites .

Semistructured approaches may be appropriate for critical instance case studies involving multiple sites , particularly if more than one investigator was responsible for collecting data for several sites .
semistructured approaches may be appropriate for critical instance case studies involving [many] sites , particularly if more than one investigator was responsible for collecting data for several sites .

There is considerable agreement that the consequence of the many variants in data collection for multiple sites is uncertain , but providing detailed information on the procedures that are used and an explanation of the reasons for the approach are essential to a good case study .
there is considerable agreement that the consequence of the many variants in data collection for [many] sites is uncertain , but providing detailed information on the procedures that are used and an explanation of the reasons for the approach are essential to a good case study .

Research Design for Generalizing from Multiple Case Studies .
research design for generalizing from [many] case studies .

For example , one industry organization that we visited has multiple product line CIOs .
for example , one industry organization that we visited has [many] product line cios .

They gave him the flexibility to bring in managers from the outside and set up a matrix management organization consisting of multiple business sector CIOs aligned with functional CIOs across the company , all reporting to the corporate CIO .
they gave him the flexibility to bring in managers from the outside and set up a matrix management organization consisting of [many] business sector cios aligned with functional cios across the company , all reporting to the corporate cio .

The CIO organization conceived the idea for JNET after receiving multiple requests from criminal justice agencies for funding to develop redundant systems .
the cio organization conceived the idea for jnet after receiving [many] requests from criminal justice agencies for funding to develop redundant systems .

Standard processes and tools , such as contingency planning , interdependency identification , protocols , and risk management , are used to coordinate multiple business areas .
standard processes and tools , such as contingency planning , interdependency identification , protocols , and risk management , are used to coordinate [many] business areas .

More specifically , they cultivate expertise in their internal workforces , while outsourcing skills that are available from multiple sources at lower cost .
more specifically , they cultivate expertise in their internal workforces , while outsourcing skills that are available from [many] sources at lower cost .

As a result , arguments by indigent clients that a welfare statute is unlawful or unconstitutional can not be expressed in this Government-funded program for petitioning the courts , even though the program was created for litigation involving welfare benefits , and even though the ordinary course of litigation involves the expression of theories and postulates on both , or multiple , sides of an issue .
as a result , arguments by indigent clients that a welfare statute is unlawful or unconstitutional can not be expressed in this government-funded program for petitioning the courts , even though the program was created for litigation involving welfare benefits , and even though the ordinary course of litigation involves the expression of theories and postulates on both , or [many] , sides of an issue .

Some states , like California and New Jersey , comprise multiple service areas and , therefore , feature multiple LSC-funded grantees .
some states , like california and new jersey , comprise [many] service areas and , therefore , feature [many] lsc-funded grantees .

Farmworker cases are very labor intensive - clients generally can not be accessed by phone or fax , clients may not be able to communicate in writing , and interviewing a client or obtaining or preparing documents may require multiple visits in person to the worker 's location .
farmworker cases are very labor intensive - clients generally can not be accessed by phone or fax , clients may not be able to communicate in writing , and interviewing a client or obtaining or preparing documents may require [many] visits in person to the worker 's location .

The programs have hired a Joint Advocacy Coordinator who staffs the Joint Advocacy Project to respond to major issues that cut across program lines and can be addressed most effectively by advocates from multiple programs .
the programs have hired a joint advocacy coordinator who staffs the joint advocacy project to respond to major issues that cut across program lines and can be addressed most effectively by advocates from [many] programs .

To help with these mergers , LSC made several technology grants to help programs combine multiple information systems into one integrated system .
to help with these mergers , lsc made several technology grants to help programs combine [many] information systems into one integrated system .

Because of the resources required , it would be very difficult to perform multiple or overlapping sequential tests .
because of the resources required , it would be very difficult to perform [many] or overlapping sequential tests .

The procedure consists of an analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) to determine the error term , which is then used in a multiple comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean , in a series of paired tests ( see Appendix C ) .
the procedure consists of an analysis of variance ( anova ) to determine the error term , which is then used in a [many] comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean , in a series of paired tests ( see appendix c ) .

In cases where the numbers of data points ( replicates ) for each concentration are not equal , a t test may be performed with Bonferroni 's adjustment for multiple comparisons ( see Appendix D ) , instead of using Dunnett 's Procedure .
in cases where the numbers of data points ( replicates ) for each concentration are not equal , a t test may be performed with bonferroni 's adjustment for [many] comparisons ( see appendix d ) , instead of using dunnett 's procedure .

The data are ranked and the analysis proceeds exactly as in Steel 's Test except that Bonferroni 's adjustment for multiple comparisons is used instead of Steel 's tables .
the data are ranked and the analysis proceeds exactly as in steel 's test except that bonferroni 's adjustment for [many] comparisons is used instead of steel 's tables .

A single toxicant also may produce multiple responses , each characterized by a concentration-response relationship .
a single toxicant also may produce [many] responses , each characterized by a concentration-response relationship .

The procedure consists of an analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) to determine the error term , which is then used in a multiple comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean , in a series of paired tests ( see Appendix C ) .
the procedure consists of an analysis of variance ( anova ) to determine the error term , which is then used in a [many] comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean , in a series of paired tests ( see appendix c ) .

In cases where the numbers of data points ( replicates ) for each concentration are not equal , a t test may be performed with Bonferroni 's adjustment for multiple comparisons ( see Appendix D ) , instead of using Dunnett 's Procedure .
in cases where the numbers of data points ( replicates ) for each concentration are not equal , a t test may be performed with bonferroni 's adjustment for [many] comparisons ( see appendix d ) , instead of using dunnett 's procedure .

The data are ranked and the analysis proceeds exactly as in Steel 's Test except that Bonferroni 's adjustment for multiple comparisons is used instead of Steel 's tables .
the data are ranked and the analysis proceeds exactly as in steel 's test except that bonferroni 's adjustment for [many] comparisons is used instead of steel 's tables .

A single toxicant also may produce multiple responses , each characterized by a concentration-response relationship .
a single toxicant also may produce [many] responses , each characterized by a concentration-response relationship .

Uses of the Technology Retrofit and Updating Model • At this time , IPM does not model price elasticity of demand and the effect of multiple allowance allocation mechanisms .
uses of the technology retrofit and updating model • at this time , ipm does not model price elasticity of demand and the effect of [many] allowance allocation mechanisms .

Note that these figures can not be added together for an overall estimate because they ( a ) double count the benefits of controlling multiple pollutants simultaneously , and ( b ) ignore the consequences of the underlying technology policy .
note that these figures can not be added together for an overall estimate because they ( a ) double count the benefits of controlling [many] pollutants simultaneously , and ( b ) ignore the consequences of the underlying technology policy .

Analysis of Strategies for Reducing Multiple Emissions from Power Plants : Sulfur Dioxide , Nitrogen Oxides , and Carbon Dioxide , SR/OIAF/2000-05 ( Washington , DC , December 2000 ) .
analysis of strategies for reducing [many] emissions from power plants : sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and carbon dioxide , sr/oiaf/2000-05 ( washington , dc , december 2000 ) .

Analysis of Strategies for Reducing Multiple Emissions from Electric Power Plants with Advanced Technology Scenarios , SR/OIAF/2001-05 ( Washington , DC , October 2001 ) .
analysis of strategies for reducing [many] emissions from electric power plants with advanced technology scenarios , sr/oiaf/2001-05 ( washington , dc , october 2001 ) .

Up-front knowledge of future requirements for multiple pollutants would lead firms to follow significantly different and less expensive compliance strategies at individual plants , compared with compliance choices which must be made as requirements are addressed in a sequential manner under the current law .
up-front knowledge of future requirements for [many] pollutants would lead firms to follow significantly different and less expensive compliance strategies at individual plants , compared with compliance choices which must be made as requirements are addressed in a sequential manner under the current law .

Additionally , as Governor Whitman said when she testified before you in July , including CO2 in this bill will slow down , if not prevent , the consensus necessary for passage of legislation to control multiple emissions from power plants .
additionally , as governor whitman said when she testified before you in july , including co2 in this bill will slow down , if not prevent , the consensus necessary for passage of legislation to control [many] emissions from power plants .

Multiple retrofits at one plant would take longer to install ( e.g. , approximately 36 months for the retrofit of three absorbers for six boilers ) .
[many] retrofits at one plant would take longer to install ( e.g. , approximately 36 months for the retrofit of three absorbers for six boilers ) .

Multiple SCR systems at one facility would take longer to install ( e.g. , approximately 35 months for seven SCRs ) .
[many] scr systems at one facility would take longer to install ( e.g. , approximately 35 months for seven scrs ) .

Multiple ACI systems at any one facility are assumed to take longer to install ( e.g. , approximately 16 months for two ACI ) .
[many] aci systems at any one facility are assumed to take longer to install ( e.g. , approximately 16 months for two aci ) .

Estimated Resources Needed for Single and Multiple FGD Retrofits ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..13 3-1 .
estimated resources needed for single and [many] fgd retrofits ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..13 3-1 .

Estimated Resources Needed for Single and Multiple SCR Retrofits ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..24 4-1 .
estimated resources needed for single and [many] scr retrofits ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..24 4-1 .

Estimated Performance and Resources Needed for Single and Multiple ACI Retrofits ... ... ..34 6-1. a ) FGD Retrofits , b ) SCR Retrofits , c ) ACI Retrofits ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 38 6-2 .
estimated performance and resources needed for single and [many] aci retrofits ... ... ..34 6-1. a ) fgd retrofits , b ) scr retrofits , c ) aci retrofits ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 38 6-2 .

Strategies enabling the control of multiple pollutants ( multipollutant control strategies ) from these plants have recently been receiving increased attention .
strategies enabling the control of [many] pollutants ( multipollutant control strategies ) from these plants have recently been receiving increased attention .

Concurrently , legislation has been proposed in previous and current Congresses that would require simultaneous reductions of multiple emissions , and the Administration 's National Energy Policy recommends the establishment of `` mandatory reduction targets for emissions of three main pollutants : sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury . ''
concurrently , legislation has been proposed in previous and current congresses that would require simultaneous reductions of [many] emissions , and the administration 's national energy policy recommends the establishment of `` mandatory reduction targets for emissions of three main pollutants : sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury . ''

This report analyzes the resources required for installing and operating retrofit control technologies for achieving reductions in multiple pollutants from coal-fired power plants in the United States .
this report analyzes the resources required for installing and operating retrofit control technologies for achieving reductions in [many] pollutants from coal-fired power plants in the united states .

It examines the control technology 's hardware , reagents , availability of the needed construction equipment , time required to implement at plants with single and multiple installation requirements , and the availability of labor needed for installation .
it examines the control technology 's hardware , reagents , availability of the needed construction equipment , time required to implement at plants with single and [many] installation requirements , and the availability of labor needed for installation .

Chapter 2 analyzes the SO2 control technology resource requirements by providing information on control technology 's hardware and reagents , the construction equipment necessary to install a control technology , time required to implement this control technology at plants with single and multiple installation requirements , and the amount of labor needed to install the control technology .
chapter 2 analyzes the so2 control technology resource requirements by providing information on control technology 's hardware and reagents , the construction equipment necessary to install a control technology , time required to implement this control technology at plants with single and [many] installation requirements , and the amount of labor needed to install the control technology .

It provides implementation schedules for single and multiple control technology installations .
it provides implementation schedules for single and [many] control technology installations .

Much of the equipment for these systems will be unique to the site and project requirements , although the equipment specifications may be repeated if multiple absorbers are involved .
much of the equipment for these systems will be unique to the site and project requirements , although the equipment specifications may be repeated if [many] absorbers are involved .

An assumption of 1125 tons of steel is a conservatively high estimate since 500 MWe FGD retrofit installations have been completed with as little as 250 to 375 tons of steel , or 0.5 tons of steel per MWe..1,3 Often a single absorber will serve multiple boilers and reduce much of the steel that would be required if absorbers had been fed by individual boilers .
an assumption of 1125 tons of steel is a conservatively high estimate since 500 mwe fgd retrofit installations have been completed with as little as 250 to 375 tons of steel , or 0.5 tons of steel per mwe..1,3 often a single absorber will serve [many] boilers and reduce much of the steel that would be required if absorbers had been fed by individual boilers .

Multiple absorber installations will typically add a few months to the implementation schedule , particularly to connect additional absorbers during scheduled outages .
[many] absorber installations will typically add a few months to the implementation schedule , particularly to connect additional absorbers during scheduled outages .

However , FGD connections for single and multiple systems can typically be performed during planned outage times .
however , fgd connections for single and [many] systems can typically be performed during planned outage times .

Multiple systems normally are installed in sequence and overlapping to maintain a high level of activity at the site .
[many] systems normally are installed in sequence and overlapping to maintain a high level of activity at the site .

The total implementation time for sequential hookup for multiple systems is estimated at between 32 months for two absorber modules and 36 months for three absorber modules .
the total implementation time for sequential hookup for [many] systems is estimated at between 32 months for two absorber modules and 36 months for three absorber modules .

Although not as common , multiple systems installed at a single facility can be performed simultaneously .
although not as common , [many] systems installed at a single facility can be performed simultaneously .

Generally , scheduled outages will govern which method can be used for multiple FGD system installations .
generally , scheduled outages will govern which method can be used for [many] fgd system installations .

Single-unit FGD installations have occurred in as little as 20-21 months9 , and multiple FGD systems have been installed within 36 months .
single-unit fgd installations have occurred in as little as 20-21 months9 , and [many] fgd systems have been installed within 36 months .

For the multiple installation of three absorber modules at one plant ( six boiler units ) , an additional four months may be needed to schedule the outage for the FGD hookup outside of the high electricity demand months .
for the [many] installation of three absorber modules at one plant ( six boiler units ) , an additional four months may be needed to schedule the outage for the fgd hookup outside of the high electricity demand months .

Typically , multiple absorbers will be installed sequentially with some overlap to conserve and schedule continuous use of labor , as well as keep associated installation costs down .
typically , [many] absorbers will be installed sequentially with some overlap to conserve and schedule continuous use of labor , as well as keep associated installation costs down .

The greatest labor requirement occurs for FGD on a single unit ( i.e. , 500 MWe ) , and additional efficiencies in incremental labor occur when scheduling multiple units at one facility , particularly when combining multiple boilers into a single absorber .
the greatest labor requirement occurs for fgd on a single unit ( i.e. , 500 mwe ) , and additional efficiencies in incremental labor occur when scheduling [many] units at one facility , particularly when combining [many] boilers into a single absorber .

There are some efficiencies that result when multiple systems are installed at one site .
there are some efficiencies that result when [many] systems are installed at one site .

In engineering alone , there is a 10-15 percent savings in engineering and project management labor commonly realized when installing multiple units of similar design .
in engineering alone , there is a 10-15 percent savings in engineering and project management labor commonly realized when installing [many] units of similar design .

In addition , other increases in project management and labor productivity and efficiencies in using resources and equipment can occur with multiple system installations on one site .
in addition , other increases in project management and labor productivity and efficiencies in using resources and equipment can occur with [many] system installations on one site .

While multiple systems on one site are common , the number of required systems to serve large MWe of capacity has been decreasing .
while [many] systems on one site are common , the number of required systems to serve large mwe of capacity has been decreasing .

A reasonable estimate of multiple FGD installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the initial 500 MWe of capacity ( or 760 man-hours/MWe ) and an additional 500 man-hours per MWe , up to a total of 900 MWe , for any combination into a single common absorber .
a reasonable estimate of [many] fgd installations at one site includes 380,000 man-hours for the initial 500 mwe of capacity ( or 760 man-hours/mwe ) and an additional 500 man-hours per mwe , up to a total of 900 mwe , for any combination into a single common absorber .

While , it is likely that installation of multiple systems will benefit from economies of scale to reduce labor requirements , the range for man-hours per MWe for multiple systems is bounded by 500 and 725 man-hours per MWe .
while , it is likely that installation of [many] systems will benefit from economies of scale to reduce labor requirements , the range for man-hours per mwe for [many] systems is bounded by 500 and 725 man-hours per mwe .

It is also clear that boiler capacities of at least 900 MWe can be served by a common absorber , and a minimum 10 percent reduction in engineering and project management labor will result from multiple absorbers being installed at a single site .
it is also clear that boiler capacities of at least 900 mwe can be served by a common absorber , and a minimum 10 percent reduction in engineering and project management labor will result from [many] absorbers being installed at a single site .

Because no additional efficiencies in engineering and project management are assumed for larger installations , multiple 900 MWe absorber systems each add another 653,200 man-hours .
because no additional efficiencies in engineering and project management are assumed for larger installations , [many] 900 mwe absorber systems each add another 653,200 man-hours .

Based upon the discussion from sections 2.1 through 2.5 , the total resources needed for a single 500 MWe FGD retrofit and multiple FGD retrofits are shown in Table 2-1 .
based upon the discussion from sections 2.1 through 2.5 , the total resources needed for a single 500 mwe fgd retrofit and [many] fgd retrofits are shown in table 2-1 .

Smaller absorbers , use of common absorbers for multiple boilers , and technology advances that supplant the need for redundant absorbers , have decreased the footprint needed for a modern FGD retrofit installation .
smaller absorbers , use of common absorbers for [many] boilers , and technology advances that supplant the need for redundant absorbers , have decreased the footprint needed for a modern fgd retrofit installation .

Where space for the FGD installation is an issue , reducing the overall absorber size can be accomplished by using multiple absorber trays ( within one absorber ) and improving mass transfer with the use of a fan.16 Improved absorption at higher velocities has contributed to smaller , more compact absorbers .
where space for the fgd installation is an issue , reducing the overall absorber size can be accomplished by using [many] absorber trays ( within one absorber ) and improving mass transfer with the use of a fan.16 improved absorption at higher velocities has contributed to smaller , more compact absorbers .

In addition to smaller absorbers , single absorbers commonly serve multiple boilers , reducing the overall footprint of the FGD retrofit .
in addition to smaller absorbers , single absorbers commonly serve [many] boilers , reducing the overall footprint of the fgd retrofit .

One approach to improving sorbent utilization is recycling the spent sorbent for multiple exposure to the SO2 in the flue gas .
one approach to improving sorbent utilization is recycling the spent sorbent for [many] exposure to the so2 in the flue gas .

Therefore , there is some gained efficiency in the use of equipment at a site with multiple units .
therefore , there is some gained efficiency in the use of equipment at a site with [many] units .

Exhibit A-4 in Appendix A examines a schedule for retrofitting a facility with multiple ( seven ) SCR retrofits .
exhibit a-4 in appendix a examines a schedule for retrofitting a facility with [many] ( seven ) scr retrofits .

Installation is staggered by two to three months between sequential units to enable more efficient utilization of manpower and project management than if multiple units were connected at one time .
installation is staggered by two to three months between sequential units to enable more efficient utilization of manpower and project management than if [many] units were connected at one time .

This alternative could result in a faster project completion , but would have less even labor utilization , which is an important cost-benefit tradeoff.30 In summary , the total time needed to complete the design , installation , and testing at a facility with one SCR unit is about 21 months ; at a facility with multiple SCR ( seven ) units , total time is approximately 35 months .
this alternative could result in a faster project completion , but would have less even labor utilization , which is an important cost-benefit tradeoff.30 in summary , the total time needed to complete the design , installation , and testing at a facility with one scr unit is about 21 months ; at a facility with [many] scr ( seven ) units , total time is approximately 35 months .

As noted earlier , the material needed for multiple boiler installations is generally not reduced significantly over the projects if they were installed separately .
as noted earlier , the material needed for [many] boiler installations is generally not reduced significantly over the projects if they were installed separately .

When there are multiple units retrofit at one site only , one mobilization is needed for all of the boilers , only one construction supervisor is required , and equipment is more efficiently used .
when there are [many] units retrofit at one site only , one mobilization is needed for all of the boilers , only one construction supervisor is required , and equipment is more efficiently used .

For a site with multiple units , the total engineering and project management man-hours are likely to be significantly less than the total if each unit were addressed separately .
for a site with [many] units , the total engineering and project management man-hours are likely to be significantly less than the total if each unit were addressed separately .

This injection system is principally made from piping that may split off to manifolds for injecting in multiple locations .
this injection system is principally made from piping that may split off to manifolds for injecting in [many] locations .

For multiple units at one site , all but the silo would certainly need to be duplicated .
for [many] units at one site , all but the silo would certainly need to be duplicated .

There are really no synergies in consumption if multiple ACI units are installed at one site .
there are really no synergies in consumption if [many] aci units are installed at one site .

Exhibit A-6 in Appendix A examines a schedule for retrofitting a facility with multiple ( two ) ACI retrofits .
exhibit a-6 in appendix a examines a schedule for retrofitting a facility with [many] ( two ) aci retrofits .

Installation is staggered by one month between sequential units to enable more efficient utilization of manpower and project management than if multiple units were connected at one time .
installation is staggered by one month between sequential units to enable more efficient utilization of manpower and project management than if [many] units were connected at one time .

Table 4-5 shows the estimated performance and resources needed for a single and multiple ( two ) ACI retrofit on a 500 MWe boiler firing subbituminous coal and equipped with an ESP .
table 4-5 shows the estimated performance and resources needed for a single and [many] ( two ) aci retrofit on a 500 mwe boiler firing subbituminous coal and equipped with an esp .

This is conservatively high since there are some significant synergies possible when there are multiple units on site .
this is conservatively high since there are some significant synergies possible when there are [many] units on site .

These estimates do not take into account any synergies or efficiencies realized from retrofitting multiple units on a site , as are described in Section 2.5 and 3.5 , or from a combination of technologies , as described in Chapter 5 .
these estimates do not take into account any synergies or efficiencies realized from retrofitting [many] units on a site , as are described in section 2.5 and 3.5 , or from a combination of technologies , as described in chapter 5 .

As stated earlier , this analysis does not consider any of the synergies or efficiencies that have been demonstrated to occur on multiple unit retrofits or multiple-technology retrofits .
as stated earlier , this analysis does not consider any of the synergies or efficiencies that have been demonstrated to occur on [many] unit retrofits or multiple-technology retrofits .

Modern FGD systems typically use fewer and smaller absorbers and increasingly control greater amounts of generating capacity using common absorbers fed by multiple boilers .
modern fgd systems typically use fewer and smaller absorbers and increasingly control greater amounts of generating capacity using common absorbers fed by [many] boilers .

Moreover , the demand assumptions do not consider any efficiencies that can be achieved at multiple unit installations or installations of multiple technologies at a site .
moreover , the demand assumptions do not consider any efficiencies that can be achieved at [many] unit installations or installations of [many] technologies at a site .

To more effectively address the environmental problems caused by power generation , there is a need for a national program that would take advantage of synergies of controlling multiple pollutants at once .
to more effectively address the environmental problems caused by power generation , there is a need for a national program that would take advantage of synergies of controlling [many] pollutants at once .

This applies to both C-R relationships defined by a single C-R function and those defined by a pooling of multiple C-R functions .
this applies to both c-r relationships defined by a single c-r function and those defined by a pooling of [many] c-r functions .

The most extensive study and analyses has been based on data from two prospective cohort groups , often referred to as the Harvard `` Six-City study '' ( Dockery et al. , 1993 ) and the `` American Cancer Society or ACS study '' ( Pope et al. , 1995 ) ; these studies have found consistent relationships between fine particle indicators and mortality across multiple locations in the U.S. A third major data set comes from the California based 7th day Adventist study ( e.g .
the most extensive study and analyses has been based on data from two prospective cohort groups , often referred to as the harvard `` six-city study '' ( dockery et al. , 1993 ) and the `` american cancer society or acs study '' ( pope et al. , 1995 ) ; these studies have found consistent relationships between fine particle indicators and mortality across [many] locations in the u.s. a third major data set comes from the california based 7th day adventist study ( e.g .

These studies suggest that the short-term risk can double when the single-day effects are combined with the cumulative impact of exposures over multiple days to weeks prior to a mortality event .
these studies suggest that the short-term risk can double when the single-day effects are combined with the cumulative impact of exposures over [many] days to weeks prior to a mortality event .

For the purpose of our analysis , we analyze changes for the six most economically significant crops for which C-R functions are available : corn , cotton , peanuts , sorghum , soybean , and winter wheat.18 For some crops there are multiple C-R functions , some more sensitive to ozone and some less .
for the purpose of our analysis , we analyze changes for the six most economically significant crops for which c-r functions are available : corn , cotton , peanuts , sorghum , soybean , and winter wheat.18 for some crops there are [many] c-r functions , some more sensitive to ozone and some less .

This may result from a number of factors , such as differences in the relative sensitivity of these two populations to PM pollution and differences in the composition of PM in these two locations.22 In either case , where we identified multiple studies that are appropriate for estimating a given health effect , we generated a pooled estimate of results from each of those studies .
this may result from a number of factors , such as differences in the relative sensitivity of these two populations to pm pollution and differences in the composition of pm in these two locations.22 in either case , where we identified [many] studies that are appropriate for estimating a given health effect , we generated a pooled estimate of results from each of those studies .

Application of C-R Relationship Nationwide Whether this analysis estimated the C-R relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using multiple C-R functions from several studies , each C-R relationship was applied uniformly throughout the U.S. to generate health benefit estimates .
application of c-r relationship nationwide whether this analysis estimated the c-r relationship between a pollutant and a given health endpoint using a single function from a single study or using [many] c-r functions from several studies , each c-r relationship was applied uniformly throughout the u.s. to generate health benefit estimates .

It renders endogenous all of the physical characteristics of the route including the mode of delivery , the `` grouping-ratio '' ( addresses per stop ) , and the difficulty of accessing the buildings.7 This measure also makes comparison possible in spite of the differences in quality of delivery service.8 Delivery to a multiple address building or to a multiple address kiosk means that the fixed cost of traveling to that stop is spread among the several addresses which receive mail there .
it renders endogenous all of the physical characteristics of the route including the mode of delivery , the `` grouping-ratio '' ( addresses per stop ) , and the difficulty of accessing the buildings.7 this measure also makes comparison possible in spite of the differences in quality of delivery service.8 delivery to a [many] address building or to a [many] address kiosk means that the fixed cost of traveling to that stop is spread among the several addresses which receive mail there .

At the left side of the graph where volume is least costly to deliver we find the most multiple address stops .
at the left side of the graph where volume is least costly to deliver we find the most [many] address stops .

La Poste has a much higher ratio of multiple address stops than the USPS .
la poste has a much higher ratio of [many] address stops than the usps .

If there are economies of scale in delivery , and certainly if mail recipients do not want multiple carriers accessing their mail boxes , it would be possible to define routes , along with their expected workload , and auction them off to the lowest bidder .
if there are economies of scale in delivery , and certainly if mail recipients do not want [many] carriers accessing their mail boxes , it would be possible to define routes , along with their expected workload , and auction them off to the lowest bidder .

John Panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than multiple firms delivering to the same customer .
john panzar has characterized street delivery as a bottleneck function because a single firm can deliver to a recipient at a lower total cost than [many] firms delivering to the same customer .

This is because some stops receiving multiple pieces will receive delivery from both firms .
this is because some stops receiving [many] pieces will receive delivery from both firms .

Similarly , drop-ship discounts have multiple aspects .
similarly , drop-ship discounts have [many] aspects .

Bayoumi 's version can be challenged as well , since the mosque is close to the restaurant and Bayoumi had visited it , and the surrounding area , on multiple occasions , including twice within six weeks of February 1 .
bayoumi 's version can be challenged as well , since the mosque is close to the restaurant and bayoumi had visited it , and the surrounding area , on [many] occasions , including twice within six weeks of february 1 .

As of September 11 , the Port Authority lacked any standard operating procedures to govern how officers from multiple commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the WTC .
as of september 11 , the port authority lacked any standard operating procedures to govern how officers from [many] commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the wtc .

A second purpose of the OEM was to improve New York City 's response to major incidents , including terrorist attacks , by planning and conducting exercises and drills that would involve multiple city agencies , particularly the NYPD and FDNY .
a second purpose of the oem was to improve new york city 's response to major incidents , including terrorist attacks , by planning and conducting exercises and drills that would involve [many] city agencies , particularly the nypd and fdny .

The PortAuthority 's response was hampered by the lack of both standard operating procedures and radios capable of enabling multiple commands to respond in unified fashion to an incident at the WTC .
the portauthority 's response was hampered by the lack of both standard operating procedures and radios capable of enabling [many] commands to respond in unified fashion to an incident at the wtc .

When multiple agencies or jurisdictions are involved in a response , ICS provides for and can evolve into a unified command , with a decisionmaker from each key agency represented at the incident command level .
when [many] agencies or jurisdictions are involved in a response , ics provides for and can evolve into a unified command , with a decisionmaker from each key agency represented at the incident command level .

As a result of the investigations and arrests , the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York prosecuted and convicted multiple individuals , including Ajaj , Salameh , Ayyad , Abouhalima , the Blind Sheikh , and Ramzi Yousef , for crimes related to the World Trade Center bombing and other plots .
as a result of the investigations and arrests , the u.s. attorney for the southern district of new york prosecuted and convicted [many] individuals , including ajaj , salameh , ayyad , abouhalima , the blind sheikh , and ramzi yousef , for crimes related to the world trade center bombing and other plots .

The next day , a briefing to top officials reported `` Bin Ladin planning multiple operations . ''
the next day , a briefing to top officials reported `` bin ladin planning [many] operations . ''

The latter reported multiple attacks planned over the coming days , including a `` severe blow '' against U.S. and Israeli `` interests '' during the next two weeks .
the latter reported [many] attacks planned over the coming days , including a `` severe blow '' against u.s. and israeli `` interests '' during the next two weeks .

Ashcroft was told that preparations for multiple attacks were in late stages or already complete and that little additional warning could be expected .
ashcroft was told that preparations for [many] attacks were in late stages or already complete and that little additional warning could be expected .

His rhetoric selectively draws from multiple sources-Islam , history , and the region 's political and economic malaise .
his rhetoric selectively draws from [many] sources-islam , history , and the region 's political and economic malaise .

FAA report , `` Executive Summary , '' Sept. 12 , 2001 ; FAA report , '' Executive Summary , Chronology of a Multiple Hijacking Crisis , September 11 , 2001 , '' Sept. 17 , 2001 ; UAL record , Flight 175 ACARS report , Sept. 11 , 2001 ; UAL record , Flight 175 Flight Data Recap , Sept. 11 , 2001 .
faa report , `` executive summary , '' sept. 12 , 2001 ; faa report , '' executive summary , chronology of a [many] hijacking crisis , september 11 , 2001 , '' sept. 17 , 2001 ; ual record , flight 175 acars report , sept. 11 , 2001 ; ual record , flight 175 flight data recap , sept. 11 , 2001 .

FAA report , `` Executive Summary , '' Sept. 12,2001 ; FAA report , '' Executive Summary , Chronology of a Multiple Hijacking Crisis , September 11,2001 , '' Sept. 17,2001 ; NTSB report , '' Flight Path Study-United Airlines 175 , '' Feb. 19,2002 ; NTSB report , AirTraffic Control Recording-United Airlines Flight 175 , Dec. 21,2001 .
faa report , `` executive summary , '' sept. 12,2001 ; faa report , '' executive summary , chronology of a [many] hijacking crisis , september 11,2001 , '' sept. 17,2001 ; ntsb report , '' flight path study-united airlines 175 , '' feb. 19,2002 ; ntsb report , airtraffic control recording-united airlines flight 175 , dec. 21,2001 .

On the FAA 's awareness of multiple hijackings , see AAL transcript , telephone call from Nydia Gonzalez to Craig Marquis , Sept. 11 , 2001 ; Craig Marquis interview ( Nov. 19 , 2003 ) ; AAL record , System Operations Command Center ( SOCC ) log , Sept. 11,2001 ; UAL System Operations Control briefing ( Nov. 20 , 2003 ) ; Rich Miles interview ( Nov. 21 , 2003 ) ; UAL report , `` Timeline : Dispatch/SMFDO Activities-Terrorist Crisis , '' undated .
on the faa 's awareness of [many] hijackings , see aal transcript , telephone call from nydia gonzalez to craig marquis , sept. 11 , 2001 ; craig marquis interview ( nov. 19 , 2003 ) ; aal record , system operations command center ( socc ) log , sept. 11,2001 ; ual system operations control briefing ( nov. 20 , 2003 ) ; rich miles interview ( nov. 21 , 2003 ) ; ual report , `` timeline : dispatch/smfdo activities-terrorist crisis , '' undated .

While one of Ballinger 's colleagues assisted him , Ballinger remained responsible for multiple flights .
while one of ballinger 's colleagues assisted him , ballinger remained responsible for [many] flights .

Accordingly , the TSA must have multiple layers of security in place to defeat the more plausible and dangerous forms of attack against public transportation .
accordingly , the tsa must have [many] layers of security in place to defeat the more plausible and dangerous forms of attack against public transportation .

When multiple agencies or multiple jurisdictions are involved , they should adopt a unified command .
when [many] agencies or [many] jurisdictions are involved , they should adopt a unified command .

The inability to communicate was a critical element at the World Trade Center , Pentagon , and Somerset County , Pennsylvania , crash sites , where multiple agencies and multiple jurisdictions responded .
the inability to communicate was a critical element at the world trade center , pentagon , and somerset county , pennsylvania , crash sites , where [many] agencies and [many] jurisdictions responded .

Around 9:00 , the FAA , American , and United were facing the staggering realization of apparent multiple hijackings .
around 9:00 , the faa , american , and united were facing the staggering realization of apparent [many] hijackings .

No one at the FAA or the airlines that day had ever dealt with multiple hijackings .
no one at the faa or the airlines that day had ever dealt with [many] hijackings .

By 9:00 , FAA and airline officials began to comprehend that attackers were going after multiple aircraft .
by 9:00 , faa and airline officials began to comprehend that attackers were going after [many] aircraft .

As they existed on 9/11 , the protocols for the FAA to obtain military assistance from NORAD required multiple levels of notification and approval at the highest levels of government .
as they existed on 9/11 , the protocols for the faa to obtain military assistance from norad required [many] levels of notification and approval at the highest levels of government .

During the course of the morning , there were multiple erroneous reports of hijacked aircraft .
during the course of the morning , there were [many] erroneous reports of hijacked aircraft .

While purely temporal methods can be used in parallel for overlapping areas of different sizes in order to cover all possible outbreaks , that approach leads to a severe problem of multiple testing , generating many more false signals than the nominal statistical significance level would indicate .
while purely temporal methods can be used in parallel for overlapping areas of different sizes in order to cover all possible outbreaks , that approach leads to a severe problem of [many] testing , generating many more false signals than the nominal statistical significance level would indicate .

Studied by Naus [ 23 ] , the scan statistic is an elegant way to solve problems of multiple testing when there are closely overlapping spatial areas and/or time intervals being evaluated .
studied by naus [ 23 ] , the scan statistic is an elegant way to solve problems of [many] testing when there are closely overlapping spatial areas and/or time intervals being evaluated .

The statistical significance of this cluster is then evaluated taking into account the multiple testing stemming from the many potential cluster locations and sizes evaluated .
the statistical significance of this cluster is then evaluated taking into account the [many] testing stemming from the many potential cluster locations and sizes evaluated .

For each location and size , it looks at potential one-day as well as multi-day outbreaks , in order to quickly detect a rapidly rising outbreak and still have power to detect a slowly emerging outbreak by combining information from multiple days .
for each location and size , it looks at potential one-day as well as multi-day outbreaks , in order to quickly detect a rapidly rising outbreak and still have power to detect a slowly emerging outbreak by combining information from [many] days .

Since we are evaluating a huge number of outbreak locations , sizes , and time lengths , there is serious multiple testing that we need to adjust for .
since we are evaluating a huge number of outbreak locations , sizes , and time lengths , there is serious [many] testing that we need to adjust for .

If we based the expected on the average of multiple prior weeks of data , we would get less variability in the expected counts and fewer false signals , but the problem would still persist , and as the number of weeks increase beyond a few months other problems may gradually arise due to , for example , seasonal trends or population size changes .
if we based the expected on the average of [many] prior weeks of data , we would get less variability in the expected counts and fewer false signals , but the problem would still persist , and as the number of weeks increase beyond a few months other problems may gradually arise due to , for example , seasonal trends or population size changes .

When multiple copies of the DNA sequence of a gene , or of a larger region of a chromosome , are aligned , they reveal the location and distribution of variation at individual nucleotide positions—single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) .
when [many] copies of the dna sequence of a gene , or of a larger region of a chromosome , are aligned , they reveal the location and distribution of variation at individual nucleotide positions—single nucleotide polymorphisms ( snps ) .

Multiple experimental approaches were taken to demonstrate that these IPCs transcribe , translate , and secrete insulin , and to rule out the possibility that insulin measured in IPCs derived from the culture media .
[many] experimental approaches were taken to demonstrate that these ipcs transcribe , translate , and secrete insulin , and to rule out the possibility that insulin measured in ipcs derived from the culture media .

A single hormone can regulate an amazingly diverse array of cellular and developmental processes , while at the same time multiple hormones often influence a single process .
a single hormone can regulate an amazingly diverse array of cellular and developmental processes , while at the same time [many] hormones often influence a single process .

Other processes are synergistically regulated by multiple hormones .
other processes are synergistically regulated by [many] hormones .

We evaluated the relationship of age , sex , BMI , and time of storage of blood sample on hormones using multiple regression .
we evaluated the relationship of age , sex , bmi , and time of storage of blood sample on hormones using [many] regression .

The relationships between hormones and sleep were evaluated using multiple linear regression after control for potential confounders including age , sex , BMI , SDB , and morningness tendencies ( as measured using the Horne-Ostberg questionnaire , an indirect surrogate of earlier rising time ) .
the relationships between hormones and sleep were evaluated using [many] linear regression after control for potential confounders including age , sex , bmi , sdb , and morningness tendencies ( as measured using the horne-ostberg questionnaire , an indirect surrogate of earlier rising time ) .

This was examined using multiple visits ( n = 1,828 ) from 1,040 participants with sleep diary data available .
this was examined using [many] visits ( n = 1,828 ) from 1,040 participants with sleep diary data available .

Mixed modeling techniques were used to account for within-subject correlation for participants with multiple visits .
mixed modeling techniques were used to account for within-subject correlation for participants with [many] visits .

In the multiple regression model ( see Table 4 ) , there was a significant increasing trend in leptin for average nightly sleep duration ( p = 0.01 ) .
in the [many] regression model ( see table 4 ) , there was a significant increasing trend in leptin for average nightly sleep duration ( p = 0.01 ) .

In the multiple regression model ( see Table 4 ) , there was a significant decreasing trend in ghrelin with total sleep time ( p = 0.008 ) .
in the [many] regression model ( see table 4 ) , there was a significant decreasing trend in ghrelin with total sleep time ( p = 0.008 ) .

Induction and Competence The formation of the vertebrate nervous system thus depends on multiple signaling pathways , such as the FGF , BMP , and WNT signaling cascades , that interact in complex ways ( e.g. , Pera et al .
induction and competence the formation of the vertebrate nervous system thus depends on [many] signaling pathways , such as the fgf , bmp , and wnt signaling cascades , that interact in complex ways ( e.g. , pera et al .

Looking Ahead Despite the limitations of multinational data and the broad brush approach used to interpret these data , there are some important lessons that emerge from this study regarding the population distribution of multiple CVD risk factors .
looking ahead despite the limitations of multinational data and the broad brush approach used to interpret these data , there are some important lessons that emerge from this study regarding the population distribution of [many] cvd risk factors .

Each HCF can serve many communities , and some communities can access multiple HCFs ; our model sums the number of people with HIV in each HCF 's catchment region who could potentially travel to the HCF to receive ARVs ( we define this number as the “ effective demand ” on that specific HCF ) .
each hcf can serve many communities , and some communities can access [many] hcfs ; our model sums the number of people with hiv in each hcf 's catchment region who could potentially travel to the hcf to receive arvs ( we define this number as the “ effective demand ” on that specific hcf ) .

There is some overlap of membership on the editorial boards of PLoS Biology and the community journals , reflecting a level of dedication to open access , but as with all scientists who serve on multiple editorial boards and reviewers who review for multiple journals , these individuals are governed by confidentiality .
there is some overlap of membership on the editorial boards of plos biology and the community journals , reflecting a level of dedication to open access , but as with all scientists who serve on [many] editorial boards and reviewers who review for [many] journals , these individuals are governed by confidentiality .

CD36 is a transmembrane protein of the class B scavenger receptor family and is involved in multiple biological processes [ 6 ] .
cd36 is a transmembrane protein of the class b scavenger receptor family and is involved in [many] biological processes [ 6 ] .

CD36 is widely expressed and may interact with multiple extracellular ligands , including thrombospondin-1 ( TSP-1 ) , long-chain free fatty acids ( FFAs ) , modified ( oxidized ) low-density lipoprotein ( ox-LDL ) , advanced glycation end ( AGE ) products , and collagens I and IV [ 6 ] .
cd36 is widely expressed and may interact with [many] extracellular ligands , including thrombospondin-1 ( tsp-1 ) , long-chain free fatty acids ( ffas ) , modified ( oxidized ) low-density lipoprotein ( ox-ldl ) , advanced glycation end ( age ) products , and collagens i and iv [ 6 ] .

The Bonferroni correction was used for multiple comparisons .
the bonferroni correction was used for [many] comparisons .

Our finding that AGE-BSA and PA induce apoptosis through a CD36-mediated and p38- and caspase-dependent mechanism in tubular epithelial cells , similar to TSP-1 and ox-LDL in endothelial cells and macrophages , respectively , suggests that multiple , context-dependent extracellular stimuli of apoptosis may converge on CD36 scavenger receptor to activate src kinase and proapoptotic p38 MAPK pathway .
our finding that age-bsa and pa induce apoptosis through a cd36-mediated and p38- and caspase-dependent mechanism in tubular epithelial cells , similar to tsp-1 and ox-ldl in endothelial cells and macrophages , respectively , suggests that [many] , context-dependent extracellular stimuli of apoptosis may converge on cd36 scavenger receptor to activate src kinase and proapoptotic p38 mapk pathway .

The DNA and MVA vaccines both had the same insert coding for thrombospondin-related adhesion protein ( TRAP ; a pre-erythrocytic antigen ) and a string of T cell epitopes ( called ME for “ multiple epitopes ” ) .
the dna and mva vaccines both had the same insert coding for thrombospondin-related adhesion protein ( trap ; a pre-erythrocytic antigen ) and a string of t cell epitopes ( called me for “ [many] epitopes ” ) .

These compounds produce a very rapid therapeutic response , are active against parasites resistant to multiple drugs , are well tolerated , and reduce gametocyte carriage .
these compounds produce a very rapid therapeutic response , are active against parasites resistant to [many] drugs , are well tolerated , and reduce gametocyte carriage .

With so many proteins to target for degradation , the activity of the proteasome is subject to multiple levels of regulation .
with so many proteins to target for degradation , the activity of the proteasome is subject to [many] levels of regulation .

Since 1994 , there have been multiple reports of an association between elevated body mass index ( BMI ) and asthma [ 20 ] .
since 1994 , there have been [many] reports of an association between elevated body mass index ( bmi ) and asthma [ 20 ] .

The emergence of a new type of resistance is a highly random event , which ca n't be predicted accurately , and may involve multiple steps that preclude perfect understanding even after the fact .
the emergence of a new type of resistance is a highly random event , which ca n't be predicted accurately , and may involve [many] steps that preclude perfect understanding even after the fact .

On the other hand , a farm where multiple antibiotics are used routinely , universally , and in low quantities for growth promotion is likely to be an excellent environment for the evolution of multiple resistance factors , including some variants that might never have evolved in humans .
on the other hand , a farm where [many] antibiotics are used routinely , universally , and in low quantities for growth promotion is likely to be an excellent environment for the evolution of [many] resistance factors , including some variants that might never have evolved in humans .

This view accords with existing practice : taxonomic splits in North American birds typically are based on multiple lines of biological evidence , e.g. , morphological and vocal differences as well as genetic data ( American Ornithologists ' Union 1998 ) .
this view accords with existing practice : taxonomic splits in north american birds typically are based on [many] lines of biological evidence , e.g. , morphological and vocal differences as well as genetic data ( american ornithologists ' union 1998 ) .

However , the lack of a control arm in this study has left unanswered questions about the impact of multiple TIs on time to rebound , immune reconstitution , therapy failure , and viral resistance when analyzed against a randomized control arm of continuous treatment followed for equal time before a single open-ended interruption .
however , the lack of a control arm in this study has left unanswered questions about the impact of [many] tis on time to rebound , immune reconstitution , therapy failure , and viral resistance when analyzed against a randomized control arm of continuous treatment followed for equal time before a single open-ended interruption .

Discussion Earlier reports on TI strategies in patients with chronic HIV infection include multiple pilot or single-arm study designs centered on the effects on viral control by comparison with pre-therapy periods , detection of resistance mutations without parallel follow-up of a continuously treated arm , and inclusion of variable criteria regarding viral resuppression before proceeding with repeated TIs [ 11,12,14,16 ] .
discussion earlier reports on ti strategies in patients with chronic hiv infection include [many] pilot or single-arm study designs centered on the effects on viral control by comparison with pre-therapy periods , detection of resistance mutations without parallel follow-up of a continuously treated arm , and inclusion of variable criteria regarding viral resuppression before proceeding with repeated tis [ 11,12,14,16 ] .

It is of interest to note that despite the large amount of research activity on TIs in patients with suppressed chronic infection and the hundreds of monitored interruptions studied to date , only limited cases of development of clinical resistance ( as evidenced by a lack of viral resuppression following therapy reinitiation ) have emerged , in contrast to the multiple reports of detection of viral sequences off ART associated with resistance as shown in this study and others [ 11,19,29,30,39,40 ] .
it is of interest to note that despite the large amount of research activity on tis in patients with suppressed chronic infection and the hundreds of monitored interruptions studied to date , only limited cases of development of clinical resistance ( as evidenced by a lack of viral resuppression following therapy reinitiation ) have emerged , in contrast to the [many] reports of detection of viral sequences off art associated with resistance as shown in this study and others [ 11,19,29,30,39,40 ] .

In addition , while there may be value in studying patients from multiple centers , there may be important differences in the skill levels of different surgeons , either between centers or across the country .
in addition , while there may be value in studying patients from [many] centers , there may be important differences in the skill levels of different surgeons , either between centers or across the country .

A particularly clear example of this is the use of actin cytoskeleton as a “ wool ” for knitting multiple dynamic structures such as lamellae , filopodia , and stress fibres .
a particularly clear example of this is the use of actin cytoskeleton as a “ wool ” for knitting [many] dynamic structures such as lamellae , filopodia , and stress fibres .

There is a clear need for well-controlled , population-based studies that allow us to examine multiple relevant factors simultaneously .
there is a clear need for well-controlled , population-based studies that allow us to examine [many] relevant factors simultaneously .

I would encourage a consortium of bioinformaticians to produce a list of all of the conserved hypothetical proteins that are found in multiple genomes , to carry out the best possible bioinformatics analysis , and then to offer those proteins to the biochemical community as potential targets for research into their function .
i would encourage a consortium of bioinformaticians to produce a list of all of the conserved hypothetical proteins that are found in [many] genomes , to carry out the best possible bioinformatics analysis , and then to offer those proteins to the biochemical community as potential targets for research into their function .

Despite this , a ventilation-perfusion scan performed 13 d later showed multiple pulmonary emboli ( Figure 1 ) .
despite this , a ventilation-perfusion scan performed 13 d later showed [many] pulmonary emboli ( figure 1 ) .

However , the absolute risk is small , and the patient had made this trip on multiple occasions devoid of apparent clinical complications during the prior 3 y .
however , the absolute risk is small , and the patient had made this trip on [many] occasions devoid of apparent clinical complications during the prior 3 y .

In the past 20 years , advancing maternal age and greater reliance on assisted-conception techniques have dramatically increased the incidence of multiple births , including monochorionic twins ( see Glossary ) [ 1,2 ] .
in the past 20 years , advancing maternal age and greater reliance on assisted-conception techniques have dramatically increased the incidence of [many] births , including monochorionic twins ( see glossary ) [ 1,2 ] .

Risks of Multiple Pregnancy The offspring of multiple pregnancies are at greater risk for adverse perinatal outcomes compared to their singleton counterparts , predominantly due to increased risks for preterm delivery and due to monochorionicity [ 3 ] .
risks of [many] pregnancy the offspring of [many] pregnancies are at greater risk for adverse perinatal outcomes compared to their singleton counterparts , predominantly due to increased risks for preterm delivery and due to monochorionicity [ 3 ] .

Recent studies suggest , however , that the offspring of a multiple gestation may benefit from delivering prior to their expected date of delivery [ 7,8 ] .
recent studies suggest , however , that the offspring of a [many] gestation may benefit from delivering prior to their expected date of delivery [ 7,8 ] .

Several studies have focused on the “ prospective risk of fetal death ” to help determine by which gestational age a multiple pregnancy should be delivered [ 7,8 ] .
several studies have focused on the “ prospective risk of fetal death ” to help determine by which gestational age a [many] pregnancy should be delivered [ 7,8 ] .

These studies , however , did not address the impact of chorionicity on the decision to deliver a multiple pregnancy .
these studies , however , did not address the impact of chorionicity on the decision to deliver a [many] pregnancy .

The regional models were calibrated as follows : first , plausible ranges were specified for model parameters governing sexual behavior and biological factors ( e.g. , transmission risks and cofactor effects of other STIs ) based on review of published studies and survey results ; second , multiple simulations were undertaken by sampling values from each of the ranges and recalculating the model for each set of sampled parameter values ; third , model fit was assessed by comparing modeled prevalence for adult males and females separately to baseline projections through 2020 ; and fourth , the best-fitting parameter set in each regional model was selected for the purpose of scenario analysis ( see Protocol S1 ) .
the regional models were calibrated as follows : first , plausible ranges were specified for model parameters governing sexual behavior and biological factors ( e.g. , transmission risks and cofactor effects of other stis ) based on review of published studies and survey results ; second , [many] simulations were undertaken by sampling values from each of the ranges and recalculating the model for each set of sampled parameter values ; third , model fit was assessed by comparing modeled prevalence for adult males and females separately to baseline projections through 2020 ; and fourth , the best-fitting parameter set in each regional model was selected for the purpose of scenario analysis ( see protocol s1 ) .

The self-reported poverty to income ratio , a marker of socioeconomic status used in multiple prior studies [ 35,36 ] , was classified as < 1.5 , 1.5–3 , or > 3 .
the self-reported poverty to income ratio , a marker of socioeconomic status used in [many] prior studies [ 35,36 ] , was classified as < 1.5 , 1.5–3 , or > 3 .

Alternative explanations include ( 1 ) the presence of multiple independent causal pathways leading to cardiovascular disease and ( 2 ) traditional risk factors correlating more closely with mortality than morbidity or underlying pathophysiology .
alternative explanations include ( 1 ) the presence of [many] independent causal pathways leading to cardiovascular disease and ( 2 ) traditional risk factors correlating more closely with mortality than morbidity or underlying pathophysiology .

For clinical use , either patients would have to be selected for treatment based on their MHC I type or it would be necessary to make multiple peptides to cover the majority of MHC class I alleles in a given population .
for clinical use , either patients would have to be selected for treatment based on their mhc i type or it would be necessary to make [many] peptides to cover the majority of mhc class i alleles in a given population .

The researchers concluded by recommending that drug companies choose a celebrity with personal experience of the target condition ; choose someone trustworthy—perhaps a newsreader or sports figure ; and choose someone who will promote a single cause or brand rather than multiple ones .
the researchers concluded by recommending that drug companies choose a celebrity with personal experience of the target condition ; choose someone trustworthy—perhaps a newsreader or sports figure ; and choose someone who will promote a single cause or brand rather than [many] ones .

He knew that a society in which multiple injustices routinely occur is itself not well , and he knew that widespread respect of human rights made less room for stigma and its harmful consequences .
he knew that a society in which [many] injustices routinely occur is itself not well , and he knew that widespread respect of human rights made less room for stigma and its harmful consequences .

HIV-1-specific humoral immunity can also affect viral control after treatment interruption [ 46 ] , and viral factors including viral fitness [ 47,48 ] and infection with multiple viral variants [ 49 ] can influence viral set point and the rate of disease progression .
hiv-1-specific humoral immunity can also affect viral control after treatment interruption [ 46 ] , and viral factors including viral fitness [ 47,48 ] and infection with [many] viral variants [ 49 ] can influence viral set point and the rate of disease progression .

By identifying small RNAs as agents of gene silencing that act at multiple levels throughout the cell , molecular biologists have created a new paradigm for eukaryotic gene regulation .
by identifying small rnas as agents of gene silencing that act at [many] levels throughout the cell , molecular biologists have created a new paradigm for eukaryotic gene regulation .

The consistent timing of the pattern across multiple serogroups argues for a common mechanism , rather than for independent acquisition of immunity to each serogroup as a separate event .
the consistent timing of the pattern across [many] serogroups argues for a common mechanism , rather than for independent acquisition of immunity to each serogroup as a separate event .

We have argued in this essay that the extent of the AIDS epidemic in Nepal will depend upon rates at which sexual partners are exchanged by commercial sex workers and the men who regularly visit them , as well as the proportion of the general population that has multiple and concurrent sexual partners .
we have argued in this essay that the extent of the aids epidemic in nepal will depend upon rates at which sexual partners are exchanged by commercial sex workers and the men who regularly visit them , as well as the proportion of the general population that has [many] and concurrent sexual partners .

We are thus presented with our first conundrum : sexual differentiation appears to be an ancient , and potentially homologous , feature of animal biology , yet its genetic specification suggests multiple origins .
we are thus presented with our first conundrum : sexual differentiation appears to be an ancient , and potentially homologous , feature of animal biology , yet its genetic specification suggests [many] origins .

There are also systems in which heterozygosity at a single locus is required for female development ( known as complementary sex determination ; [ 3 ] ) , as well as systems involving sex determination via multiple genes with additive effects .
there are also systems in which heterozygosity at a single locus is required for female development ( known as complementary sex determination ; [ 3 ] ) , as well as systems involving sex determination via [many] genes with additive effects .

For instance , he says , “ most active antitumor medicines have multiple mechanisms of action .
for instance , he says , “ most active antitumor medicines have [many] mechanisms of action .

Diverse TAA-specific T cell responses were found in the four vaccinated patients , with multiple T cells expressing different TCR VB , while the two endogenous responses were less diverse .
diverse taa-specific t cell responses were found in the four vaccinated patients , with [many] t cells expressing different tcr vb , while the two endogenous responses were less diverse .

Multiple clones were analyzed to determine dominating populations .
[many] clones were analyzed to determine dominating populations .

This pattern is repeated multiple times , and is eagerly attended by unemployed bees in the hive .
this pattern is repeated [many] times , and is eagerly attended by unemployed bees in the hive .

It appears that animal navigation , just like aviation , relies on multiple backup systems that support each other and can compensate if one system fails in a certain context .
it appears that animal navigation , just like aviation , relies on [many] backup systems that support each other and can compensate if one system fails in a certain context .

Because of baseline variation in cell populations between batches of primary human monocytes isolated from multiple donors , cell culture experiments were performed in triplicate and data from representative experiments are presented .
because of baseline variation in cell populations between batches of primary human monocytes isolated from [many] donors , cell culture experiments were performed in triplicate and data from representative experiments are presented .

For cell culture experiments with multiple treatments , analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) was used to test for differences in means across treatment groups .
for cell culture experiments with [many] treatments , analysis of variance ( anova ) was used to test for differences in means across treatment groups .

Endotoxin Induction of Resistin Is Blocked by Immunoneutralization of Multiple Cytokines Resistin gene expression was also induced by TNFα treatment of primary human macrophages ( Figure 3A ) [ 28 ] , and resistin secretion increased in parallel ( Figure 3B ) .
endotoxin induction of resistin is blocked by immunoneutralization of [many] cytokines resistin gene expression was also induced by tnfα treatment of primary human macrophages ( figure 3a ) [ 28 ] , and resistin secretion increased in parallel ( figure 3b ) .

Thus , in both species , adipose tissue is an endocrine organ containing adipocytes as well as macrophages that regulates energy metabolism and glucose homeostasis through secretion of multiple factors , including inflammatory cytokines [ 46 ] .
thus , in both species , adipose tissue is an endocrine organ containing adipocytes as well as macrophages that regulates energy metabolism and glucose homeostasis through secretion of [many] factors , including inflammatory cytokines [ 46 ] .

The BrainTalk Communities currently host more than 300 free online groups for neurological conditions ( such as Alzheimer disease , multiple sclerosis , Parkinson disease , chronic pain , epilepsy , and Huntington disease ) for patients across the globe .
the braintalk communities currently host more than 300 free online groups for neurological conditions ( such as alzheimer disease , [many] sclerosis , parkinson disease , chronic pain , epilepsy , and huntington disease ) for patients across the globe .

I do not just mean the daily news , even though it is hard getting used to multiple murders per day in any large city .
i do not just mean the daily news , even though it is hard getting used to [many] murders per day in any large city .

However , the unsupervised learning tradition concentrates on ontogenic adaptation , based on multiple presented input movies .
however , the unsupervised learning tradition concentrates on ontogenic adaptation , based on [many] presented input movies .

Central issues are omitted , such as the way that planning over multiple actions might happen .
central issues are omitted , such as the way that planning over [many] actions might happen .

They consist of two distinct , associated subunits ( noncovalent heterodimers ) , where each subunit ( α , β ) consists of a single transmembrane domain , a large extracellular domain of several hundred amino acids ( composed of multiple structural domains ) , and typically , a small cytoplasmic domain of somewhere between 20–70 residues ( Figure 1 ) .
they consist of two distinct , associated subunits ( noncovalent heterodimers ) , where each subunit ( α , β ) consists of a single transmembrane domain , a large extracellular domain of several hundred amino acids ( composed of [many] structural domains ) , and typically , a small cytoplasmic domain of somewhere between 20–70 residues ( figure 1 ) .

Many of them have been described , and rheumatoid arthritis , type I diabetes ( also called insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ) , multiple sclerosis , and systemic lupus erythematosus ( SLE ) are among the most common .
many of them have been described , and rheumatoid arthritis , type i diabetes ( also called insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus ) , [many] sclerosis , and systemic lupus erythematosus ( sle ) are among the most common .

For example , experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis has been widely used as a model of multiple sclerosis .
for example , experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis has been widely used as a model of [many] sclerosis .

After multiple trials ( and errors ) , ES cell lines from the 129 strain and blastocysts from the C57BL/6 ( B6 ) strain have shown themselves to be superior in terms of efficiency and reliability .
after [many] trials ( and errors ) , es cell lines from the 129 strain and blastocysts from the c57bl/6 ( b6 ) strain have shown themselves to be superior in terms of efficiency and reliability .

It is generally accepted that genetic susceptibility to autoimmune diseases is conferred by multiple highly interactive genes that have small individual effects .
it is generally accepted that genetic susceptibility to autoimmune diseases is conferred by [many] highly interactive genes that have small individual effects .

As the pace of genetic analysis increases in autoimmune diseases , and powerful tools have been created to navigate between the mouse and human genomes , the use of mouse models has been reaffirmed at multiple levels .
as the pace of genetic analysis increases in autoimmune diseases , and powerful tools have been created to navigate between the mouse and human genomes , the use of mouse models has been reaffirmed at [many] levels .

Clearly Alzheimer disease is the outcome of multiple genetic and multiple environmental influences , operating additively and interactively .
clearly alzheimer disease is the outcome of [many] genetic and [many] environmental influences , operating additively and interactively .

The company has been supported by many Icelanders themselves , demonstrated by Icelanders donating blood samples with informed consent for research on multiple diseases , and now the project 's scientific value is becoming apparent .
the company has been supported by many icelanders themselves , demonstrated by icelanders donating blood samples with informed consent for research on [many] diseases , and now the project 's scientific value is becoming apparent .

As Lewis says , “ Although the current study is impressive in its size and scope , even here , the sample size becomes an issue , with the most convincing results seen in the most common cancers. ” Certainly not all the findings are surprising ; some rare cancers are already known to be associated with particular genetic defects , and syndromes that predispose to multiple cancers have been described , for example , that of Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Cancer .
as lewis says , “ although the current study is impressive in its size and scope , even here , the sample size becomes an issue , with the most convincing results seen in the most common cancers. ” certainly not all the findings are surprising ; some rare cancers are already known to be associated with particular genetic defects , and syndromes that predispose to [many] cancers have been described , for example , that of hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer .

Despite the significant progress in increasing our understanding of the immune mechanisms of multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , in improving clinical classification and brain imaging , and in developing new treatments , the factors that determine the course of the disease are mostly unknown [ 1 ] .
despite the significant progress in increasing our understanding of the immune mechanisms of [many] sclerosis ( ms ) , in improving clinical classification and brain imaging , and in developing new treatments , the factors that determine the course of the disease are mostly unknown [ 1 ] .

By definition , nearly every aspect of a disease phenotype should be represented in gene expression signatures of multiple genes in the affected organ .
by definition , nearly every aspect of a disease phenotype should be represented in gene expression signatures of [many] genes in the affected organ .

Considering that PBMCs represent an admixture of multiple cell types , the most plausible explanation is a simple lack of shift in subcellular populations .
considering that pbmcs represent an admixture of [many] cell types , the most plausible explanation is a simple lack of shift in subcellular populations .

Cohesin may be involved in multiple ways in chromosome dynamics .
cohesin may be involved in [many] ways in chromosome dynamics .

As mothers get older and assisted conception becomes more common in developed countries , the incidence of multiple births—primarily of nonidentical siblings , but also of identical ones—has dramatically increased .
as mothers get older and assisted conception becomes more common in developed countries , the incidence of [many] births—primarily of nonidentical siblings , but also of identical ones—has dramatically increased .

Multiple pregnancies are high-risk pregnancies , with preterm delivery and monochorionicity ( shared placenta ) the major problems .
[many] pregnancies are high-risk pregnancies , with preterm delivery and monochorionicity ( shared placenta ) the major problems .

In color vision , but not in hearing , multiple combinations of physical stimuli will generate identical sensations .
in color vision , but not in hearing , [many] combinations of physical stimuli will generate identical sensations .

At any moment , the air around an animal may contain hundreds of different airborne substances , which fluctuate with wind , humidity , and multiple other factors [ 25 ] .
at any moment , the air around an animal may contain hundreds of different airborne substances , which fluctuate with wind , humidity , and [many] other factors [ 25 ] .

It has not yet been determined whether pre-existing stem cells or reserve cells also contribute to the pool of progenitor cells—nor whether the blastemal cells are multipotent ( capable of differentiating into multiple cell types ) , are committed to a particular cell lineage , or are a mix of multipotent and committed progenitor cells .
it has not yet been determined whether pre-existing stem cells or reserve cells also contribute to the pool of progenitor cells—nor whether the blastemal cells are multipotent ( capable of differentiating into [many] cell types ) , are committed to a particular cell lineage , or are a mix of multipotent and committed progenitor cells .

About 70 % of the students sent comments , including this one : “ In recently using your database , I found it difficult to search the Plasmodium gene expression data with multiple constraints .
about 70 % of the students sent comments , including this one : “ in recently using your database , i found it difficult to search the plasmodium gene expression data with [many] constraints .

PSM students are encouraged to reach out to other departments and broaden their expertise in multiple areas , to better understand the collaborative culture of industry-style scientific enterprise .
psm students are encouraged to reach out to other departments and broaden their expertise in [many] areas , to better understand the collaborative culture of industry-style scientific enterprise .

For this reason , small companies and start-ups , which can not afford specialists for every position , may particularly benefit from PSM-credentialed employees , able to connect different people and function in multiple roles ; indeed , many PSM graduates have job descriptions expressly created for them .
for this reason , small companies and start-ups , which can not afford specialists for every position , may particularly benefit from psm-credentialed employees , able to connect different people and function in [many] roles ; indeed , many psm graduates have job descriptions expressly created for them .

Multiple risk factors , including both genetic and environmental influences , interact in complex and often unknown ways to cause disease and disability in children .
[many] risk factors , including both genetic and environmental influences , interact in complex and often unknown ways to cause disease and disability in children .

For all new chemicals , including pesticides , extensive premarket testing should be required in multiple animal species of both sexes and at different developmental stages .
for all new chemicals , including pesticides , extensive premarket testing should be required in [many] animal species of both sexes and at different developmental stages .

Each of these genes has received support from multiple lines of evidence with imperfect consistency : 1 ) The case for each of these as a candidate gene for schizophrenia is supported by linkage studies ; 2 ) The preponderance of association study findings provides further support ; 3 ) mRNA from each gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex as well as in other areas of the brain ; and 4 ) Additional neurobiological data link the functions of these genes to biological processes thought to be related to schizophrenia .
each of these genes has received support from [many] lines of evidence with imperfect consistency : 1 ) the case for each of these as a candidate gene for schizophrenia is supported by linkage studies ; 2 ) the preponderance of association study findings provides further support ; 3 ) mrna from each gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex as well as in other areas of the brain ; and 4 ) additional neurobiological data link the functions of these genes to biological processes thought to be related to schizophrenia .

For example , 1 ) in Type 1 diabetes mellitus , the bulk of both the linkage and association data implicate the HLA region and INS [ 22 ] ; 2 ) for Type 2 diabetes mellitus , there are a number of findings in the literature where the association evidence appears to be consistent and compelling ( CAPN10 , KCNJ11 , and PPARG ) —the data indicate that the same marker allele is significantly associated and has an effect size of similar direction and magnitude [ 22 ] ( the linkage data are less congruent , probably due to power considerations ) ; and 3 ) for age-related macular degeneration , at least five studies show highly significant association with the same CFH Y402H polymorphism [ 23–27 ] in a region strongly implicated by multiple linkage studies .
for example , 1 ) in type 1 diabetes mellitus , the bulk of both the linkage and association data implicate the hla region and ins [ 22 ] ; 2 ) for type 2 diabetes mellitus , there are a number of findings in the literature where the association evidence appears to be consistent and compelling ( capn10 , kcnj11 , and pparg ) —the data indicate that the same marker allele is significantly associated and has an effect size of similar direction and magnitude [ 22 ] ( the linkage data are less congruent , probably due to power considerations ) ; and 3 ) for age-related macular degeneration , at least five studies show highly significant association with the same cfh y402h polymorphism [ 23–27 ] in a region strongly implicated by [many] linkage studies .

Because of metastatic involvement of multiple mediastinal lymph nodes and clinical features known at that time to be predictive of response to gefitinib ( female , never smoker , bronchioloalveolar variant histology ) , she was placed on “ adjuvant ” gefitinib 1 mo later ( Figure S1C , left panel ) .
because of metastatic involvement of [many] mediastinal lymph nodes and clinical features known at that time to be predictive of response to gefitinib ( female , never smoker , bronchioloalveolar variant histology ) , she was placed on “ adjuvant ” gefitinib 1 mo later ( figure s1c , left panel ) .

Consistent with this , the H1975 NSCLC cell line reported here to contain both T790M and L858R did not to our knowledge undergo any prior treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib ; the doubly mutated cells must have become dominant over time through multiple passages in vitro .
consistent with this , the h1975 nsclc cell line reported here to contain both t790m and l858r did not to our knowledge undergo any prior treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib ; the doubly mutated cells must have become dominant over time through [many] passages in vitro .

This strategy is likely to work well for retroviruses like HIV because their genomes are so compact that individual sequence regions often perform multiple functions .
this strategy is likely to work well for retroviruses like hiv because their genomes are so compact that individual sequence regions often perform [many] functions .

Despite multiple attempts , early reports of an inverse correlation between simple HIV-specific T cell responses and virologic control were not confirmed [ 8 ] .
despite [many] attempts , early reports of an inverse correlation between simple hiv-specific t cell responses and virologic control were not confirmed [ 8 ] .

Thus , more than one region would receive credit for a single publication if that publication had been written by multiple authors from institutions of different regions .
thus , more than one region would receive credit for a single publication if that publication had been written by [many] authors from institutions of different regions .

It requires attending international meetings and introducing novel research findings in multiple scientific forums .
it requires attending international meetings and introducing novel research findings in [many] scientific forums .

It appears that in the olfactory system , olfactory receptor genes do not map directly onto behavior ; rather , behavior is the outcome of multiple factors .
it appears that in the olfactory system , olfactory receptor genes do not map directly onto behavior ; rather , behavior is the outcome of [many] factors .

Current understanding of disease pathogenesis suggests a complex action of multiple environmental factors that trigger disease in individuals with a susceptible genetic background .
current understanding of disease pathogenesis suggests a complex action of [many] environmental factors that trigger disease in individuals with a susceptible genetic background .

In other words , there are only weak correlations between seasonal variations and climate variables at small scales because of the multiple other factors that play a local role and act as noise .
in other words , there are only weak correlations between seasonal variations and climate variables at small scales because of the [many] other factors that play a local role and act as noise .

Multiple and covarying drivers have been proposed for the seasonal nature of cholera , including temperature , rainfall , and plankton blooms [ 7 ] .
[many] and covarying drivers have been proposed for the seasonal nature of cholera , including temperature , rainfall , and plankton blooms [ 7 ] .

This immobilization process is efficient enough to be iterated , so that DNA sequences specifying multiple amino acids can be routed to the appropriate miniature resin-filled columns during each step .
this immobilization process is efficient enough to be iterated , so that dna sequences specifying [many] amino acids can be routed to the appropriate miniature resin-filled columns during each step .

Of the more than 42,000 people Goodwill served in 1999 , over 5,000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job .
of the more than 42,000 people goodwill served in 1999 , over 5,000 of them have [many] barriers to finding and keeping a job .

The Post quotes a doctor saying flatly that such extreme multiple births are not a victory for science and warning against `` exuberant therapy . ''
the post quotes a doctor saying flatly that such extreme [many] births are not a victory for science and warning against `` exuberant therapy . ''

He has since changed his story multiple times and now denies any intentional involvement in the assassination .
he has since changed his story [many] times and now denies any intentional involvement in the assassination .

It 's probably just as well for the film 's commercial prospects that the director , Luis Mandoki ( When a Man Loves a Woman ) , does not appear to have a mind with multiple tracks .
it 's probably just as well for the film 's commercial prospects that the director , luis mandoki ( when a man loves a woman ) , does not appear to have a mind with [many] tracks .

Members of Congress can get away with cheerfully endorsing multiple conflicting goals and declaring them all `` top priorities , '' whereas at the end of the day , the ISU must declare who gets the gold , who gets the silver , and who gets the bronze .
members of congress can get away with cheerfully endorsing [many] conflicting goals and declaring them all `` top priorities , '' whereas at the end of the day , the isu must declare who gets the gold , who gets the silver , and who gets the bronze .

To make a long story short , she has lied about multiple things since I became friends with her .
to make a long story short , she has lied about [many] things since i became friends with her .

When you say she has `` lied about multiple things , '' Prudie wonders what possible value she can have to you .
when you say she has `` lied about [many] things , '' prudie wonders what possible value she can have to you .

It 's when he tries to ruminate on order that he gets gummed up , retreating to one of his gaseous multiple mouthpieces : `` Where is it that we were together ?
it 's when he tries to ruminate on order that he gets gummed up , retreating to one of his gaseous [many] mouthpieces : `` where is it that we were together ?

The media swarmed the story , noting the proliferation of multiple births due to fertility drugs .
the media swarmed the story , noting the proliferation of [many] births due to fertility drugs .

Gone will be the need for expensive catalogs , transparencies FedExed around the world , and multiple packing , shipping , and insurance costs as the work goes from gallery to auction house to purchaser .
gone will be the need for expensive catalogs , transparencies fedexed around the world , and [many] packing , shipping , and insurance costs as the work goes from gallery to auction house to purchaser .

That 's why I 've been puzzled by my reluctance to tackle Hilary and Jackie , which pretends to tell the story of du Pré and her elder sister from their childhood as prodigies ( Hilary played the flute ) to Jacqueline 's excruciating decline and early death ( in 1987 ) from multiple sclerosis .
that 's why i 've been puzzled by my reluctance to tackle hilary and jackie , which pretends to tell the story of du pré and her elder sister from their childhood as prodigies ( hilary played the flute ) to jacqueline 's excruciating decline and early death ( in 1987 ) from [many] sclerosis .

Less predictably , conservatives admit to attending her performance multiple times : `` If new material has been added since her first chocolate-smeared headlines , it 's not really apparent '' ( John Leo , U.S. News & World Report ) .
less predictably , conservatives admit to attending her performance [many] times : `` if new material has been added since her first chocolate-smeared headlines , it 's not really apparent '' ( john leo , u.s. news & world report ) .

The episode , in which Jerry , Elaine , George , and Kramer are jailed for failing to stop a car theft , is judged as lacking the show 's long-standing hallmarks : multiple subplots , tight writing , and humor about everyday situations .
the episode , in which jerry , elaine , george , and kramer are jailed for failing to stop a car theft , is judged as lacking the show 's long-standing hallmarks : [many] subplots , tight writing , and humor about everyday situations .

Without revisiting the multiple e-mails and telephone calls that we had to exchange before finally obtaining a book , the experience left us more determined to shop with Amazon .
without revisiting the [many] e-mails and telephone calls that we had to exchange before finally obtaining a book , the experience left us more determined to shop with amazon .

The moon is an uneven and pockmarked rock , and Jupiter upstages Earth by having multiple moons .
the moon is an uneven and pockmarked rock , and jupiter upstages earth by having [many] moons .

USA Today weds that impulse to the pragmatist program : If you give the people facts , if they identify an authentic problematic situation in their environment , if you permit them to hear multiple views , they 'll converge on a truth that works .
usa today weds that impulse to the pragmatist program : if you give the people facts , if they identify an authentic problematic situation in their environment , if you permit them to hear [many] views , they 'll converge on a truth that works .

Payne employs multiple points of view , probes his characters ' psyches , and edits with a snap .
payne employs [many] points of view , probes his characters ' psyches , and edits with a snap .

Multiple surgeries have left me somewhat `` ambulatory impaired '' and unable to wear skirts/dresses with high heels .
[many] surgeries have left me somewhat `` ambulatory impaired '' and unable to wear skirts/dresses with high heels .

A series of clinical trials can reach different conclusions , and a meta-analysis that pools information from multiple trials can lead to a conclusion different from a large `` definitive '' clinical trial .
a series of clinical trials can reach different conclusions , and a meta-analysis that pools information from [many] trials can lead to a conclusion different from a large `` definitive '' clinical trial .

I do n't know about your 'hood , but here , the prettier the car the more likely it is to be `` keyed '' -- that nasty , deep , full-length scratch ( or scratches , if it is keyed by multiple pissed-off proletarians ) when one 's car is parked on the street .
i do n't know about your 'hood , but here , the prettier the car the more likely it is to be `` keyed '' -- that nasty , deep , full-length scratch ( or scratches , if it is keyed by [many] pissed-off proletarians ) when one 's car is parked on the street .

There were also reports of vote-buying by the incumbent Golkar Party of former dictator Suharto and of `` logistical problems '' such as defective ballots and `` indelible ink '' ( designed to prevent multiple voting ) , which , in practice , `` washed off voters ' thumbs in minutes . ''
there were also reports of vote-buying by the incumbent golkar party of former dictator suharto and of `` logistical problems '' such as defective ballots and `` indelible ink '' ( designed to prevent [many] voting ) , which , in practice , `` washed off voters ' thumbs in minutes . ''

Through multiple rounds of correspondence , referees demand satisfaction regarding every important detail .
through [many] rounds of correspondence , referees demand satisfaction regarding every important detail .

His running , red-haired riot grrrl stands for openness , crazed optimism , and a belief in endless possibilities -- all of them underlined by multiple angles , split screens , slow and fast motion , and blizzards of hyperbolic imagery .
his running , red-haired riot grrrl stands for openness , crazed optimism , and a belief in endless possibilities -- all of them underlined by [many] angles , split screens , slow and fast motion , and blizzards of hyperbolic imagery .

The report , which led the Guardian and the Daily Telegraph and made the front pages of the Times and the Independent , said that sunbathing could protect against heart disease and multiple sclerosis and that more people would die from keeping out of the sun than from being in it .
the report , which led the guardian and the daily telegraph and made the front pages of the times and the independent , said that sunbathing could protect against heart disease and [many] sclerosis and that more people would die from keeping out of the sun than from being in it .

Black was shot multiple times and had a stun gun used on him .
black was shot [many] times and had a stun gun used on him .

As our annotation of the text shows , the TP appears to be the handiwork of multiple authors .
as our annotation of the text shows , the tp appears to be the handiwork of [many] authors .

They do n't account for multiple people accessing the site from one computer , or one person using different computers ( or browser software ) .
they do n't account for [many] people accessing the site from one computer , or one person using different computers ( or browser software ) .

A tad pricier at $ 399 than WebTV , the EP-200 is fun for the whole family , allowing multiple users to receive and send e-mail ( the Internet connection costs $ 4.95 a month ) .
a tad pricier at $ 399 than webtv , the ep-200 is fun for the whole family , allowing [many] users to receive and send e-mail ( the internet connection costs $ 4.95 a month ) .

Libby 's problem is that double jeopardy can only be claimed when multiple prosecutions arise from a single criminal action .
libby 's problem is that double jeopardy can only be claimed when [many] prosecutions arise from a single criminal action .

Maybe Reagan got lucky once or twice , but could luck account for Reagan 's triumphs in the multiple ventures he pursued and the multiple policies he enacted ?
maybe reagan got lucky once or twice , but could luck account for reagan 's triumphs in the [many] ventures he pursued and the [many] policies he enacted ?

For Kazin , both were no doubt true , for he was able to express multiple selves simultaneously .
for kazin , both were no doubt true , for he was able to express [many] selves simultaneously .

The short answer is that while there 's only one audience , there are multiple performances all taking place at the same time .
the short answer is that while there 's only one audience , there are [many] performances all taking place at the same time .

I 've always admired Bob Shrum in his multiple incarnations as political handler , pundit , writer , etc .
i 've always admired bob shrum in his [many] incarnations as political handler , pundit , writer , etc .

While I see him claiming that permitting gay marriage is one more step along this path , I do n't see him providing any argument that such unions are themselves bad or any worse than the other breakdowns of traditional marriage ( such as interracial marriage , multiple divorces , prenuptial agreements , and so forth ) .
while i see him claiming that permitting gay marriage is one more step along this path , i do n't see him providing any argument that such unions are themselves bad or any worse than the other breakdowns of traditional marriage ( such as interracial marriage , [many] divorces , prenuptial agreements , and so forth ) .

This is true even though filtering paradigms may differ among products : SurfWatch uses multiple approaches , including keyword- and pattern-matching algorithms ; the company uses its `` blocked site '' list as a supplement to its core filtering technologies .
this is true even though filtering paradigms may differ among products : surfwatch uses [many] approaches , including keyword- and pattern-matching algorithms ; the company uses its `` blocked site '' list as a supplement to its core filtering technologies .

These are only the simplest applications ; PICS was expressly designed to be an open-ended system that permits multiple labeling services and multiple ways of using labels ; unlike the CDA , PICS can be used for purposes other than screening out sexual or offensive content .
these are only the simplest applications ; pics was expressly designed to be an open-ended system that permits [many] labeling services and [many] ways of using labels ; unlike the cda , pics can be used for purposes other than screening out sexual or offensive content .

Confronting his mother 's liberal Jewish date ( Elliott Gould ) at the dinner table , he drives home the point that Rodney King was a multiple felon high on PCP who could easily have run over a child before the Los Angeles cops stopped him on the highway .
confronting his mother 's liberal jewish date ( elliott gould ) at the dinner table , he drives home the point that rodney king was a [many] felon high on pcp who could easily have run over a child before the los angeles cops stopped him on the highway .

The notion of representative democracy took multiple hits .
the notion of representative democracy took [many] hits .

There 's the inviting ambiguity and delightful multiple meanings of the word `` playing '' -- rich comic territory .
there 's the inviting ambiguity and delightful [many] meanings of the word `` playing '' -- rich comic territory .

An accompanying piece grades the `` multiple intelligences '' movement .
an accompanying piece grades the `` [many] intelligences '' movement .

USA Today 's `` Newsline '' and the Wall Street Journal 's `` What 's News '' are essentially multiple reefers .
usa today 's `` newsline '' and the wall street journal 's `` what 's news '' are essentially [many] reefers .

Hindus also have multiple creation stories , though they are all seen as different reflections of Brahman -- the uniting holy principle of Hinduism .
hindus also have [many] creation stories , though they are all seen as different reflections of brahman -- the uniting holy principle of hinduism .

Often , funds will be transferred dozens of times through multiple accounts , companies , and countries , making the paper trail virtually impossible to follow .
often , funds will be transferred dozens of times through [many] accounts , companies , and countries , making the paper trail virtually impossible to follow .

Then he fills its coffers with illegal profits , layered through multiple accounts .
then he fills its coffers with illegal profits , layered through [many] accounts .

Brands like Frommer 's and Fodor 's , who produce multiple New York titles , invariably recommend several or all of their other guides .
brands like frommer 's and fodor 's , who produce [many] new york titles , invariably recommend several or all of their other guides .

The multiple AIDS stories are prompted by the government 's release of new numbers at a national HIV conference in Atlanta .
the [many] aids stories are prompted by the government 's release of new numbers at a national hiv conference in atlanta .

Time has sidebars on the McCaughey septuplets ' forgotten older sister ( 22-month-old Mikayla ) , the horrors of multiple births gone wrong , and adoption as an alternative to fertility drugs .
time has sidebars on the mccaughey septuplets ' forgotten older sister ( 22-month-old mikayla ) , the horrors of [many] births gone wrong , and adoption as an alternative to fertility drugs .

Roy 's inventive narrative style ( multiple flashbacks , rotating narrators ) and `` the exuberant , almost acrobatic nature of the writing itself '' ( Alice Truax , the New York Times Book Review ) are singled out as breathtaking .
roy 's inventive narrative style ( [many] flashbacks , rotating narrators ) and `` the exuberant , almost acrobatic nature of the writing itself '' ( alice truax , the new york times book review ) are singled out as breathtaking .

It sketches out a pattern of Clinton aides attempting to convince multiple Clinton alleged paramours ( Dolly Kyle Browning , Monica Lewinsky , Gennifer Flowers , Kathleen Willey ) to keep silent .
it sketches out a pattern of clinton aides attempting to convince [many] clinton alleged paramours ( dolly kyle browning , monica lewinsky , gennifer flowers , kathleen willey ) to keep silent .

Nearly two-thirds of abortion doctors are 65 or older , and some serve clinics in multiple states .
nearly two-thirds of abortion doctors are 65 or older , and some serve clinics in [many] states .

Multiple writers tried their hand at the script , which star Brad Pitt publicly attacked .
[many] writers tried their hand at the script , which star brad pitt publicly attacked .

Photo essays cover the boom in multiple births ( triplets , quads , etc. -- many cute babies ) and the new maternity fashions .
photo essays cover the boom in [many] births ( triplets , quads , etc. -- many cute babies ) and the new maternity fashions .

A piece likens the recent surge in multiple personality disorder to 19 th century hysteria .
a piece likens the recent surge in [many] personality disorder to 19 th century hysteria .

The past year has brought many blessings : the fairy-tale arrival at her door of the eager publisher with the fat check ( a $ 1.6-million advance -- unheard of for a debut novel ) ; landmark sales ( 600,000 copies in hardcover ) ; multiple translations ( 23 languages ) ; much feting and fanfare ( global book tours , interviews , pride of place in `` India '' specials in Granta and The New Yorker ) ; and finally , the announcement , last Tuesday , that Roy had won the , which is awarded annually to a writer from Britain or the Commonwealth and brings with it a cash prize of more than $ 30,000 .
the past year has brought many blessings : the fairy-tale arrival at her door of the eager publisher with the fat check ( a $ 1.6-million advance -- unheard of for a debut novel ) ; landmark sales ( 600,000 copies in hardcover ) ; [many] translations ( 23 languages ) ; much feting and fanfare ( global book tours , interviews , pride of place in `` india '' specials in granta and the new yorker ) ; and finally , the announcement , last tuesday , that roy had won the , which is awarded annually to a writer from britain or the commonwealth and brings with it a cash prize of more than $ 30,000 .

Maybe they are drug or alcohol addicts or have multiple family or behavioral problems -- or maybe they simply have a bad attitude .
maybe they are drug or alcohol addicts or have [many] family or behavioral problems -- or maybe they simply have a bad attitude .

Typically , a book 's scheduled release date changes multiple times before publication .
typically , a book 's scheduled release date changes [many] times before publication .

Consider its rivals as the best indicator -- right now , both Microsoft and AT & T have painted a big red target on AOL and are taking aim on multiple fronts .
consider its rivals as the best indicator -- right now , both microsoft and at & t have painted a big red target on aol and are taking aim on [many] fronts .

USAT waits more than twenty paragraphs before raising an eyebrow , with this contrarian quote from an expert on multiple births : `` People were not meant to have litters . ''
usat waits more than twenty paragraphs before raising an eyebrow , with this contrarian quote from an expert on [many] births : `` people were not meant to have litters . ''

The NYT also runs a piece inside reviewing the risks posed by drug-induced multiple births .
the nyt also runs a piece inside reviewing the risks posed by drug-induced [many] births .

If the aforementioned qualms about multiple births do n't seem decisive , the NYT has a more prosaic consideration : the 35,000 diapers that the septuplets ' parents will have to change .
if the aforementioned qualms about [many] births do n't seem decisive , the nyt has a more prosaic consideration : the 35,000 diapers that the septuplets ' parents will have to change .

USAT 's second lead reports that after a landmark study finding multiple SIDS deaths within families was rebuked in the leading medical journal that originally published it , police in Boston , Chicago and Minneapolis have reopened dozens of SIDS cases .
usat 's second lead reports that after a landmark study finding [many] sids deaths within families was rebuked in the leading medical journal that originally published it , police in boston , chicago and minneapolis have reopened dozens of sids cases .

Anyhow , I have an impolitic question : Have any of the big disasters we 've been serially warned about for the last 20 years ( multiple hurricanes , one or two comets , mobs of starving children post-welfare-reform , etc . )
anyhow , i have an impolitic question : have any of the big disasters we 've been serially warned about for the last 20 years ( [many] hurricanes , one or two comets , mobs of starving children post-welfare-reform , etc . )

I could n't let days dribble by in the routine of high school grammar , spelling , vocabulary , digging for the deeper meaning in poetry , bits of literature doled out for the multiple choice tests that would follow so that universities can be supplied with the best and the brightest .
i could n't let days dribble by in the routine of high school grammar , spelling , vocabulary , digging for the deeper meaning in poetry , bits of literature doled out for the [many] choice tests that would follow so that universities can be supplied with the best and the brightest .

Grein 's hypocritical disdain for his own family is the natural state of Singer 's characters , shaped as they are by multiple cultures -- Eastern European Jewish piety , radical secularism , American self-invention .
grein 's hypocritical disdain for his own family is the natural state of singer 's characters , shaped as they are by [many] cultures -- eastern european jewish piety , radical secularism , american self-invention .

We have turned to objects that make holes in faces and bodies -- unique or multiple , public or intimate , ferociously unnatural , undeniably captivating , and faintly horrifying .
we have turned to objects that make holes in faces and bodies -- unique or [many] , public or intimate , ferociously unnatural , undeniably captivating , and faintly horrifying .

A lot of people all over the world stumbled pretty much simultaneously upon the smokestack , the double exposure , the multiple shadow , the wall of humans , etc. -- although Martin Munkàcsi deserves special mention for his work on the last , and this book does n't even reproduce my favorite picture by him , a large scattering of schoolchildren lying on the grass , seen from above and looking like so many clothespins .
a lot of people all over the world stumbled pretty much simultaneously upon the smokestack , the double exposure , the [many] shadow , the wall of humans , etc. -- although martin munkàcsi deserves special mention for his work on the last , and this book does n't even reproduce my favorite picture by him , a large scattering of schoolchildren lying on the grass , seen from above and looking like so many clothespins .

Tiaras , imposing necklaces , multiple bracelets , everything in diamonds -- it all still held good , and Cartier kept it up .
tiaras , imposing necklaces , [many] bracelets , everything in diamonds -- it all still held good , and cartier kept it up .

Cobbling multiple cuts of film into a snappy collage , the first 13 seconds seem to prepare you for a hair-care pitch , not a drug advisory .
cobbling [many] cuts of film into a snappy collage , the first 13 seconds seem to prepare you for a hair-care pitch , not a drug advisory .

To people like me , a multiple flunker of the roadtest , a micro-car is just the thing .
to people like me , a [many] flunker of the roadtest , a micro-car is just the thing .

Those show 's defining feature , however , is its overabundance of male bonding : A single episode offers multiple sessions of father-son bonding , brother-brother bonding , cop-cop bonding , and so on .
those show 's defining feature , however , is its overabundance of male bonding : a single episode offers [many] sessions of father-son bonding , brother-brother bonding , cop-cop bonding , and so on .

That 's why ultimate fighters wo n't throw multiple skull punches .
that 's why ultimate fighters wo n't throw [many] skull punches .

Software makers say they 'll address that problem by using multiple servers and telephone lines .
software makers say they 'll address that problem by using [many] servers and telephone lines .

Time marvels at the growing popularity of polyamory , openly maintaining multiple loving relationships .
time marvels at the growing popularity of polyamory , openly maintaining [many] loving relationships .

Both the NYT and WP quote an expert 's observation that the recent trend of school shootings has accelerated from single specific victims to indiscriminate multiple homicides .
both the nyt and wp quote an expert 's observation that the recent trend of school shootings has accelerated from single specific victims to indiscriminate [many] homicides .

Finally there was Colin Montgomerie , a multiple failure in major tournaments , surely the best player in the world never to have won one of these things .
finally there was colin montgomerie , a [many] failure in major tournaments , surely the best player in the world never to have won one of these things .

Windows 98 contains approximately 20 million lines of source code written in multiple computer languages .
windows 98 contains approximately 20 million lines of source code written in [many] computer languages .

He always had one eye on the market , finding a motif -- gardens , beaches , cathedrals -- that would sell and making multiple versions of it .
he always had one eye on the market , finding a motif -- gardens , beaches , cathedrals -- that would sell and making [many] versions of it .

Henceforth , as Tucker sees it , Monet searched for a more private and less jingoistic tie to the French landscape and discovered it in the multiple layers of his own water garden .
henceforth , as tucker sees it , monet searched for a more private and less jingoistic tie to the french landscape and discovered it in the [many] layers of his own water garden .

There are multiple breasts , various penile objects , including cousins of Dalí 's penis-on-crutch , and details that might derive from alchemical symbology .
there are [many] breasts , various penile objects , including cousins of dalí 's penis-on-crutch , and details that might derive from alchemical symbology .

The higher penalties will have multiple effects : One is to reduce the number of thefts , but another is to encourage more violent action by the thieves that remain when faced with the risk of capture .
the higher penalties will have [many] effects : one is to reduce the number of thefts , but another is to encourage more violent action by the thieves that remain when faced with the risk of capture .

A strong governor also appoints most of the members of his Cabinet and can serve multiple terms .
a strong governor also appoints most of the members of his cabinet and can serve [many] terms .

Some further notes on this AOL-Time Warner blockbuster ( multiple conflict-of-interest note : I write for Fortune , which is owned by Time Warner ; I actually owned shares of AOL until around lunchtime , when I sold them ; and I 'm writing this column for Microsoft , which is probably affected by this deal in some way ) :
some further notes on this aol-time warner blockbuster ( [many] conflict-of-interest note : i write for fortune , which is owned by time warner ; i actually owned shares of aol until around lunchtime , when i sold them ; and i 'm writing this column for microsoft , which is probably affected by this deal in some way ) :

Tibetan Buddhism is divided into multiple branches .
tibetan buddhism is divided into [many] branches .

In his single-minded focus on software , and his insistence that Microsoft create programs that could run on multiple platforms , Gates shaped a business that was almost a textbook example of how to achieve increasing returns on capital .
in his single-minded focus on software , and his insistence that microsoft create programs that could run on [many] platforms , gates shaped a business that was almost a textbook example of how to achieve increasing returns on capital .

A typical issue contained an article on three suicide victims with multiple gunshot wounds to the head ( complete with photos from the death scenes ; one poor guy shot himself five times before he finally died ) , another on improved methods to determine the age of an unidentified victim , and yet a third on the homicide rituals of the Italian Mafia .
a typical issue contained an article on three suicide victims with [many] gunshot wounds to the head ( complete with photos from the death scenes ; one poor guy shot himself five times before he finally died ) , another on improved methods to determine the age of an unidentified victim , and yet a third on the homicide rituals of the italian mafia .

Of more than 700 Danish sex offenders castrated after multiple convictions , relapse rates dropped from between 17 percent and 50 percent to just 2 percent .
of more than 700 danish sex offenders castrated after [many] convictions , relapse rates dropped from between 17 percent and 50 percent to just 2 percent .

The studies show that castration is effective in criminals with multiple offenses , especially if they are motivated by sex .
the studies show that castration is effective in criminals with [many] offenses , especially if they are motivated by sex .

The 35-year-old construction worker had multiple fractures , including to his vertebra .
the 35-year-old construction worker had [many] fractures , including to his vertebra .

It offers multiple perspectives , in order to let viewers choose for themselves .
it offers [many] perspectives , in order to let viewers choose for themselves .

Effective hunger control will probably require lifelong therapy with multiple drugs like these .
effective hunger control will probably require lifelong therapy with [many] drugs like these .

Occasionally , we doctors find convincing evidence of abuse : cigarette burns , X-rays showing multiple fractures of varying age , bruises that trace the outline of a coat hanger , a stockinglike burn suggesting a foot plunged into and held down in hot liquid .
occasionally , we doctors find convincing evidence of abuse : cigarette burns , x-rays showing [many] fractures of varying age , bruises that trace the outline of a coat hanger , a stockinglike burn suggesting a foot plunged into and held down in hot liquid .

Bucking his colleagues , Pittsburgh Medical Examiner Cyril Wecht says that multiple SIDS deaths in one family do not automatically mean murder .
bucking his colleagues , pittsburgh medical examiner cyril wecht says that [many] sids deaths in one family do not automatically mean murder .

Perhaps multiple natural deaths in a family are possible .
perhaps [many] natural deaths in a family are possible .

While such sites do a good job of making recent articles and broad-based resources available , they 've yet to combine the Net 's strongest attributes -- searchability and multiple information sources -- with political sophistication .
while such sites do a good job of making recent articles and broad-based resources available , they 've yet to combine the net 's strongest attributes -- searchability and [many] information sources -- with political sophistication .

The art direction , costume design , and photography are top-notch : `` It 's the most gorgeous , sumptuous , painterly movie ever made about multiple decapitations '' ( Jeff Giles , Newsweek ) .
the art direction , costume design , and photography are top-notch : `` it 's the most gorgeous , sumptuous , painterly movie ever made about [many] decapitations '' ( jeff giles , newsweek ) .

Can this be explained without resorting to the phrase `` dumbing down '' or alluding to the questions on that Who Wants a Big Bucket of Money quiz show being multiple choice about the Brady Bunch , not like in the old days , when quiz show questions were so hard that you had to cheat to win , and presidential candidates all spoke in full sentences , in iambic pentameter , in Latin , while wearing complicated wigs and fancy hats and several layers of underwear with fastenings so elaborate you had to be like a genius just to undress for one of your Naked Fireside Chats from the Aero White House , a giant dirigible moored to Zelda Fitzgerald .
can this be explained without resorting to the phrase `` dumbing down '' or alluding to the questions on that who wants a big bucket of money quiz show being [many] choice about the brady bunch , not like in the old days , when quiz show questions were so hard that you had to cheat to win , and presidential candidates all spoke in full sentences , in iambic pentameter , in latin , while wearing complicated wigs and fancy hats and several layers of underwear with fastenings so elaborate you had to be like a genius just to undress for one of your naked fireside chats from the aero white house , a giant dirigible moored to zelda fitzgerald .

With multiple insurance companies , that does n't work so well : A company that insures only 10 percent of the populace will reap only 10 percent of the Lojack 's benefits , and so will undersubsidize them .
with [many] insurance companies , that does n't work so well : a company that insures only 10 percent of the populace will reap only 10 percent of the lojack 's benefits , and so will undersubsidize them .

Those of our male ancestors who most doggedly climbed to the top of the local status hierarchy were often rewarded with sex partners -- either multiple wives ( the Dole approach ) or multiple lovers ( the Clinton approach ) .
those of our male ancestors who most doggedly climbed to the top of the local status hierarchy were often rewarded with sex partners -- either [many] wives ( the dole approach ) or [many] lovers ( the clinton approach ) .

The irony facing Dole -- that converting your status into multiple wives can threaten the status itself -- is thus a remnant , though greatly diluted , of our Victorian heritage .
the irony facing dole -- that converting your status into [many] wives can threaten the status itself -- is thus a remnant , though greatly diluted , of our victorian heritage .

The statistics , which come from the government 's latest Drug Abuse Warning Network ( DAWN ) survey , come with a disclaimer suggesting that the explanation may be multiple visits by aging druggies who are using the ER for a variety of health problems .
the statistics , which come from the government 's latest drug abuse warning network ( dawn ) survey , come with a disclaimer suggesting that the explanation may be [many] visits by aging druggies who are using the er for a variety of health problems .

If multiple partnerships save lives , then monogamy can be deadly .
if [many] partnerships save lives , then monogamy can be deadly .

What 's most interesting about Bell 's book in 1999 is its time-capsule quality -- extended sections on Marxism , the use of science to develop atomic bombs , and multiple pages on the arrival of affirmative action in American society -- and how totally dated these arguments now seem .
what 's most interesting about bell 's book in 1999 is its time-capsule quality -- extended sections on marxism , the use of science to develop atomic bombs , and [many] pages on the arrival of affirmative action in american society -- and how totally dated these arguments now seem .

It was the rare multiplex that did n't have these movies playing on multiple screens , and these movies were supported with multimedia marketing campaigns that drilled themselves into your head .
it was the rare multiplex that did n't have these movies playing on [many] screens , and these movies were supported with multimedia marketing campaigns that drilled themselves into your head .

An online poll -- even one that eliminates the problem of multiple voting -- does n't tell you anything about Internet users as a whole , just about those users who participated in the poll .
an online poll -- even one that eliminates the problem of [many] voting -- does n't tell you anything about internet users as a whole , just about those users who participated in the poll .

The national database in which this information is kept allows officers at the scene to code multiple reasons for an accident ; they do , indeed , tend to cite `` excessive speed for conditions '' as a contributing factor quite frequently .
the national database in which this information is kept allows officers at the scene to code [many] reasons for an accident ; they do , indeed , tend to cite `` excessive speed for conditions '' as a contributing factor quite frequently .

Maybe , like Lee Harvey Oswald in Don DeLillo 's Libra , Shearer is both real and invented -- a creature of multiple coincidences who seems at the same time to be operating in the service of a grand , impenetrable design .
maybe , like lee harvey oswald in don delillo 's libra , shearer is both real and invented -- a creature of [many] coincidences who seems at the same time to be operating in the service of a grand , impenetrable design .

Harvard education guru Howard Gardner made a name for himself years ago with his theory of `` multiple intelligences , '' which posited that many different kinds of intelligence -- musical , spatial , linguistic , interpersonal , etc. -- balanced differently in different people .
harvard education guru howard gardner made a name for himself years ago with his theory of `` [many] intelligences , '' which posited that many different kinds of intelligence -- musical , spatial , linguistic , interpersonal , etc. -- balanced differently in different people .

The virus jammed up the Internet by replicating itself in multiple e-mails it transmitted from infected computers .
the virus jammed up the internet by replicating itself in [many] e-mails it transmitted from infected computers .

Then in 1983 he published his book Frames of Mind : The Theory of Multiple Intelligences , which cleaved intelligence into seven components .
then in 1983 he published his book frames of mind : the theory of [many] intelligences , which cleaved intelligence into seven components .

Instead of burdening people with eight ways to be inadequate instead of one , multiple intelligence advocates says the theory liberates people to find their own set of strengths .
instead of burdening people with eight ways to be inadequate instead of one , [many] intelligence advocates says the theory liberates people to find their own set of strengths .

The MIDAS Web site provides descriptions of the intelligences , links to other multiple intelligence sites , and sells multiple intelligence testing materials ( prices range from $ 10 to $ 35 ) .
the midas web site provides descriptions of the intelligences , links to other [many] intelligence sites , and sells [many] intelligence testing materials ( prices range from $ 10 to $ 35 ) .

Applicability : Assessing multiple intelligences probably has most value for schoolchildren or people who feel they have made a wrong career choice .
applicability : assessing [many] intelligences probably has most value for schoolchildren or people who feel they have made a wrong career choice .

It 's not just that he likes to tell stories with multiple strands , or that he gets bored easily with one consciousness , or even that he cherishes some '60s utopian fantasy of the collective .
it 's not just that he likes to tell stories with [many] strands , or that he gets bored easily with one consciousness , or even that he cherishes some '60s utopian fantasy of the collective .

You can suppose that our minds house multiple `` individuals '' with conflicting preferences -- but it 's unclear how to turn that into a precise theory of exactly how many people we 're sharing our minds with , and how their conflicts get resolved .
you can suppose that our minds house [many] `` individuals '' with conflicting preferences -- but it 's unclear how to turn that into a precise theory of exactly how many people we 're sharing our minds with , and how their conflicts get resolved .

The increasing volume of international trade and investment does , other things being the same , make it more costly to maintain multiple currencies .
the increasing volume of international trade and investment does , other things being the same , make it more costly to maintain [many] currencies .

Despite multiple debunkings , these fantasies endure .
despite [many] debunkings , these fantasies endure .

Some require doctors to perform tests to prove a fetus is pre-viable and require multiple doctors to certify the findings .
some require doctors to perform tests to prove a fetus is pre-viable and require [many] doctors to certify the findings .

Multiple taxation is seen as a particular threat .
[many] taxation is seen as a particular threat .

Meanwhile , many members gripe that while the nation 's businesses founder , Farrakhan and his closest advisers live in opulence , owning multiple homes and driving luxury cars .
meanwhile , many members gripe that while the nation 's businesses founder , farrakhan and his closest advisers live in opulence , owning [many] homes and driving luxury cars .

In early 1996 , the National Security Agency eavesdropped on multiple conversations between the Beijing government and its Washington , D.C. , embassy , describing its intention to spend $ 2 million on the upcoming election .
in early 1996 , the national security agency eavesdropped on [many] conversations between the beijing government and its washington , d.c. , embassy , describing its intention to spend $ 2 million on the upcoming election .

The conglomerate has multiple investments in China .
the conglomerate has [many] investments in china .

Clinton has no compunction about his multiple sexual relations or the lies he tells about them .
clinton has no compunction about his [many] sexual relations or the lies he tells about them .

Multiple stories about it have appeared , for example , in major Czech newspapers .
[many] stories about it have appeared , for example , in major czech newspapers .

Troops received multiple immunizations , including uncommon vaccines against anthrax and botulinum toxin .
troops received [many] immunizations , including uncommon vaccines against anthrax and botulinum toxin .

These multiple interests may result in barriers for US providers attempting to enter certain national markets . ''
these [many] interests may result in barriers for us providers attempting to enter certain national markets . ''

The ghost of Vaslav Nijinsky seems to haunt these young Russians in their search for supreme skill at multiple turns in midair and in their willingness to wear brilliant super-ballet gear .
the ghost of vaslav nijinsky seems to haunt these young russians in their search for supreme skill at [many] turns in midair and in their willingness to wear brilliant super-ballet gear .

According to leftist apocrypha , Karl Mienov , now the only Mienovite , developed multiple personalities and split with himself .
according to leftist apocrypha , karl mienov , now the only mienovite , developed [many] personalities and split with himself .

Is the credit duplicated or divided among multiple caregivers for the same person ?
is the credit duplicated or divided among [many] caregivers for the same person ?

In the mid-1980 's , reports the paper , a Chinese-American scientist working at the Los Alamos government laboratory sold China the recipe for launching multiple warheads from a single missile , thus providing China with the `` backbone of a modern nuclear force '' and a near-duplicate of one of America 's most advanced atomic tools .
in the mid-1980 's , reports the paper , a chinese-american scientist working at the los alamos government laboratory sold china the recipe for launching [many] warheads from a single missile , thus providing china with the `` backbone of a modern nuclear force '' and a near-duplicate of one of america 's most advanced atomic tools .

The NYT is the first of the majors to throw editorial cold water on the high multiple birth trend as exemplified by those Houston octuplets , with the comment : `` [ T ] his trend should not be encouraged .
the nyt is the first of the majors to throw editorial cold water on the high [many] birth trend as exemplified by those houston octuplets , with the comment : `` [ t ] his trend should not be encouraged .

Such multiple births are dangerous to the babies , who are born so tiny and premature that they are at high risk of lifetime health complications .
such [many] births are dangerous to the babies , who are born so tiny and premature that they are at high risk of lifetime health complications .

Moreover , the cost of multiple births is very high ... . ''
moreover , the cost of [many] births is very high ... . ''

A WP Sunday Outlook piece , written by Fidelity Magellan Fund legend Peter Lynch , argues that through nine recessions , a presidential assassination , multiple wars , and numerous political scandals the stock market has increased in value .
a wp sunday outlook piece , written by fidelity magellan fund legend peter lynch , argues that through nine recessions , a presidential assassination , [many] wars , and numerous political scandals the stock market has increased in value .

The NYT reports that there were multiple sources for the bin Laden ID .
the nyt reports that there were [many] sources for the bin laden id .

The reason : her tough talk has produced few results , especially in a time of multiple international crises .
the reason : her tough talk has produced few results , especially in a time of [many] international crises .

There were striking instances of such multiple intertextuality in late 1990 .
there were striking instances of such [many] intertextuality in late 1990 .

The most troublesome inconsistencies in transliteration seem to be owing either to the human tendency to conceal doubt behind abundance or to multiple naturalizations as the name migrates across Europe .
the most troublesome inconsistencies in transliteration seem to be owing either to the human tendency to conceal doubt behind abundance or to [many] naturalizations as the name migrates across europe .

Though the singular insanity is far outstripped by the multiple mania , one can expect , in this age of downsizing , to encounter more of the less and less of the more .
though the singular insanity is far outstripped by the [many] mania , one can expect , in this age of downsizing , to encounter more of the less and less of the more .

The organization is by sound types : Stops , Nasals and Nasalized Consonants , Fricatives , Laterals , Rhotics , Clicks , Vowels , and Multiple Articulatory Gestures , the last being combined sounds .
the organization is by sound types : stops , nasals and nasalized consonants , fricatives , laterals , rhotics , clicks , vowels , and [many] articulatory gestures , the last being combined sounds .

As Freud underlined , playing on the multiple meanings of words is an exercise in thrift : two or more meanings for one word or phrase .
as freud underlined , playing on the [many] meanings of words is an exercise in thrift : two or more meanings for one word or phrase .

Bûmeran ` boomerang ' is the dumped lover who incessantly keeps returning , and morumon ` mormon ' is the active high-schooler with multiple girlfriends .
bûmeran ` boomerang ' is the dumped lover who incessantly keeps returning , and morumon ` mormon ' is the active high-schooler with [many] girlfriends .

The challenge is slightly mitigated in many instances by offering a listing of multiple choices from among which one selects the answer .
the challenge is slightly mitigated in many instances by offering a listing of [many] choices from among which one selects the answer .

Alzheimer 's and multi-infarct dementia , the result of multiple small strokes , are currently considered the most frequent causes of dementia .
alzheimer 's and multi-infarct dementia , the result of [many] small strokes , are currently considered the most frequent causes of dementia .

One-letter words are proliferating despite the limits of our alphabet and the possibility of misunderstandings arising from multiple meanings .
one-letter words are proliferating despite the limits of our alphabet and the possibility of misunderstandings arising from [many] meanings .

Perhaps that is what happened with my unsuccessful proposal for a Multiple Entry Reconfigurable Dialogue Editor ( “ This project stinks ” -- Referee A ) , or my Comprehensive Universal Labelled Database Enumerating System Architecture Concepts ( “ Will this work lead anywhere ? ” ) .
perhaps that is what happened with my unsuccessful proposal for a [many] entry reconfigurable dialogue editor ( “ this project stinks ” -- referee a ) , or my comprehensive universal labelled database enumerating system architecture concepts ( “ will this work lead anywhere ? ” ) .

The most repugnant part of the multiple operation we had just witnessed was the castration , and I remained sure that bull calves are made steer calves in Britain and are vaccinated .
the most repugnant part of the [many] operation we had just witnessed was the castration , and i remained sure that bull calves are made steer calves in britain and are vaccinated .

Multiple citations are arranged in an order of the editors ' choosing , not necessarily chronological .
[many] citations are arranged in an order of the editors ' choosing , not necessarily chronological .

