# also: call for

To accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods , he said .
to accomplish this would [need] some changes in methods , he said .

However , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators .
however , there are still several types of calls that [need] the use of telephone operators .

Other thicknesses may necessitate ripping a special size lumber for the glass trim .
other thicknesses may [need] ripping a special size lumber for the glass trim .

The high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation .
the high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs [need] extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation .

A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage .
a similar analysis of figure 6 for the 34 boys would [need] quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage .

Milkings three times a day would necessitate living nearby and they have applied for permission to build a farmhouse and steadings .
milkings three times a day would [need] living nearby and they have applied for permission to build a farmhouse and steadings .

This may necessitate a careful examination of customer needs through a survey conducted by the seller .
this may [need] a careful examination of customer needs through a survey conducted by the seller .

You get a large volume or bulk of food for a small or moderate number of calories , and that in itself is going to necessitate considerably more chewing and take considerably more time .
you get a large volume or bulk of food for a small or moderate number of calories , and that in itself is going to [need] considerably more chewing and take considerably more time .

Moreover , the introduction of notepad style computers will necessitate non-keyboard input .
moreover , the introduction of notepad style computers will [need] non-keyboard input .

There would seem to be little doubt that Parliament could , by passing an Act ( which would , of course , necessitate the Royal Assent ) establish a republic .
there would seem to be little doubt that parliament could , by passing an act ( which would , of course , [need] the royal assent ) establish a republic .

She may also have to face a serious reduction in income , which might necessitate the sale of her house and the loss of her settled way of life by a move to another neighbourhood and to a smaller home , or into yours if that is to be the arrangement you both decide upon .
she may also have to face a serious reduction in income , which might [need] the sale of her house and the loss of her settled way of life by a move to another neighbourhood and to a smaller home , or into yours if that is to be the arrangement you both decide upon .

There would appear to be less need for heavy garments richly embroidered , which necessitate special care and attention .
there would appear to be less need for heavy garments richly embroidered , which [need] special care and attention .

They must keep accurate records , but the requirements of confidentiality may necessitate keeping some disclosures from the patients ' doctors .
they must keep accurate records , but the requirements of confidentiality may [need] keeping some disclosures from the patients ' doctors .

Were it a car , such praise would necessitate a test drive .
were it a car , such praise would [need] a test drive .

Your job situation , or a partner 's , could necessitate a change of location — probably in the second half of the year .
your job situation , or a partner 's , could [need] a change of location — probably in the second half of the year .

This would necessitate questioning the myths that abound in the enterprise .
this would [need] questioning the myths that abound in the enterprise .

In general , there was nothing inherent in Beccaria 's intellectual position to preclude a consideration of the socio-economic context of crime , any more than there was to necessitate his sole concentration on deterrence that was remarked on earlier .
in general , there was nothing inherent in beccaria 's intellectual position to preclude a consideration of the socio-economic context of crime , any more than there was to [need] his sole concentration on deterrence that was remarked on earlier .

As David Scott described it , a low-paid clerkship , which would necessitate payment of a living allowance by the clerk 's friends , was miraculously translated into a certain path to riches and a special compliment to the civic leaders of the town of Cupar .
as david scott described it , a low-paid clerkship , which would [need] payment of a living allowance by the clerk 's friends , was miraculously translated into a certain path to riches and a special compliment to the civic leaders of the town of cupar .

Nevertheless , finding more black adoptive families will necessitate more black social workers in the key agency posts that determine policy , more black social workers involved in family finding and child placements , and recognition of the strengths of black families .
nevertheless , finding more black adoptive families will [need] more black social workers in the key agency posts that determine policy , more black social workers involved in family finding and child placements , and recognition of the strengths of black families .

Non-availability of materials to 1940s specification may well necessitate the re-designing of some parts and establishment of suitable equivalents , although care is being taken not to impair the outward appearance .
non-availability of materials to 1940s specification may well [need] the re-designing of some parts and establishment of suitable equivalents , although care is being taken not to impair the outward appearance .

Science and mathematics , because of their subject matter , necessitate the adoption of a different approach .
science and mathematics , because of their subject matter , [need] the adoption of a different approach .

Could they be introduced as token , surface changes or do they necessitate a fundamental reorganization of the way the school operates ?
could they be introduced as token , surface changes or do they [need] a fundamental reorganization of the way the school operates ?

On routes where natural protection is absent or is inadequate for the repeated falls that sport routes necessitate .
on routes where natural protection is absent or is inadequate for the repeated falls that sport routes [need] .

This will necessitate turning off the water supply at the main stopcock , and opening all the cold taps to drain the cold water cistern ; then you 'll need to attach a hose-pipe to the draincock next to the hot water cylinder to drain this .
this will [need] turning off the water supply at the main stopcock , and opening all the cold taps to drain the cold water cistern ; then you 'll need to attach a hose-pipe to the draincock next to the hot water cylinder to drain this .

Such a book could conceivably be returned openly with only a modest blush ; but another labelled ‘ Stolen from … ’ would necessitate a more surreptitious means of restoration to its owner .
such a book could conceivably be returned openly with only a modest blush ; but another labelled ‘ stolen from … ’ would [need] a more surreptitious means of restoration to its owner .

This too would necessitate a new political system where traditional party politics would need to be subordinate to a national will for reform and the consequent reduction of democratic rights .
this too would [need] a new political system where traditional party politics would need to be subordinate to a national will for reform and the consequent reduction of democratic rights .

The main side-effects of zidovudine are related to toxicity to bone marrow ( which makes blood cells ) , which may necessitate regular blood transfusions , reducing the dose or even stopping the drug .
the main side-effects of zidovudine are related to toxicity to bone marrow ( which makes blood cells ) , which may [need] regular blood transfusions , reducing the dose or even stopping the drug .

The term ‘ visually handicapped ’ is used to refer to those pupils who have difficulties in seeing which necessitate the use of special educational methods or adaptations to materials and who need to use special aids and equipment for learning .
the term ‘ visually handicapped ’ is used to refer to those pupils who have difficulties in seeing which [need] the use of special educational methods or adaptations to materials and who need to use special aids and equipment for learning .

The conversion will necessitate the complete rebuilding of the interior .
the conversion will [need] the complete rebuilding of the interior .

The actual design and construction of the outfall will also necessitate approval by the water authority in order to ensure that erosion does not occur .
the actual design and construction of the outfall will also [need] approval by the water authority in order to ensure that erosion does not occur .

Shifting alienistic attitudes would necessitate a complete restructuring of the education and social systems of which we are a part .
shifting alienistic attitudes would [need] a complete restructuring of the education and social systems of which we are a part .

The need for such periodic major reports can perhaps be attributed to the structures of authority and seniority in the professions , which seem to necessitate periodic revolution rather than the research-led rolling evolution which is more typical of ‘ academic ’ subjects .
the need for such periodic major reports can perhaps be attributed to the structures of authority and seniority in the professions , which seem to [need] periodic revolution rather than the research-led rolling evolution which is more typical of ‘ academic ’ subjects .

First , there are the changes in the professions themselves which necessitate changes in professional education .
first , there are the changes in the professions themselves which [need] changes in professional education .

Second , if it is accepted that the organisations in question were operating in highly competitive markets , then their ability to win orders did necessitate an ability to adjust their manpower levels upwards and downwards and to hold labour costs to a minimum .
second , if it is accepted that the organisations in question were operating in highly competitive markets , then their ability to win orders did [need] an ability to adjust their manpower levels upwards and downwards and to hold labour costs to a minimum .

He explained the need for further credits from New York … He warned , however , that some of the ministers , and especially Henderson and Graham , would not accept such economies , and that their resignations would necessitate the resignation of the entire government .
he explained the need for further credits from new york … he warned , however , that some of the ministers , and especially henderson and graham , would not accept such economies , and that their resignations would [need] the resignation of the entire government .

There seems no a priori reason why the intellectual collapse of the radical bourgeoisie in the early nineteenth century should necessitate a single line of avant-garde response — rather than a multiplicity of struggles , which , instead of leading irrevocably to extreme Schoenbergian individualism , might , for example , ‘ preserve ’ ( that is reuse ) older elements , to be rearticulated to the interests of new group subjects if and when they emerged .
there seems no a priori reason why the intellectual collapse of the radical bourgeoisie in the early nineteenth century should [need] a single line of avant-garde response — rather than a multiplicity of struggles , which , instead of leading irrevocably to extreme schoenbergian individualism , might , for example , ‘ preserve ’ ( that is reuse ) older elements , to be rearticulated to the interests of new group subjects if and when they emerged .

, p. 167 ) puts it , ‘ building on the technological achievements of capitalism does not necessitate a defence of enterprises on the scale currently common in capitalist countries ’ .
, p. 167 ) puts it , ‘ building on the technological achievements of capitalism does not [need] a defence of enterprises on the scale currently common in capitalist countries ’ .

Both decisions involve compromise , but we believe the latter approach should now be taken as it targets a sufficiently small group and does not necessitate an expensive mass screening programme .
both decisions involve compromise , but we believe the latter approach should now be taken as it targets a sufficiently small group and does not [need] an expensive mass screening programme .

Arguably , assessment of performance should not be mixed with educational supervision , though manpower considerations might necessitate such a dual role for the educational supervisor .
arguably , assessment of performance should not be mixed with educational supervision , though manpower considerations might [need] such a dual role for the educational supervisor .

Neither of these approaches necessitate the drawing of precise lines between legal and factual questions .
neither of these approaches [need] the drawing of precise lines between legal and factual questions .

As we have seen , this approach became less dominant in the second half of the 1980s , although it is still there as a card to be played should political problems necessitate it .
as we have seen , this approach became less dominant in the second half of the 1980s , although it is still there as a card to be played should political problems [need] it .

If you are changing your swing technique around to improve your game , it should never necessitate not playing on the course .
if you are changing your swing technique around to improve your game , it should never [need] not playing on the course .

The period around the time of the full Moon on the 10th will necessitate a certain amount of soul-searching on your part , but the time has come to regain your self- confidence and live how and where you wish .
the period around the time of the full moon on the 10th will [need] a certain amount of soul-searching on your part , but the time has come to regain your self- confidence and live how and where you wish .

Nevertheless , certain procedural complexities will remain and continue to necessitate the services of a lawyer in the pursuit of a claim .
nevertheless , certain procedural complexities will remain and continue to [need] the services of a lawyer in the pursuit of a claim .

The White Paper , the Act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will necessitate a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full assessment and an initial screening mechanism ( DoH , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .
the white paper , the act itself and the preliminary draft guidance all emphasize the government 's expectation that not every referral will [need] a comprehensive assessment and that departments will need to establish criteria of eligibility for a full assessment and an initial screening mechanism ( doh , 1989b , 1990 , 1991a ) .

Similarly , although each of the jurisdictions has divided the traditional offence of rape into several categories , this in itself does not necessitate abandonment of the term rape .
similarly , although each of the jurisdictions has divided the traditional offence of rape into several categories , this in itself does not [need] abandonment of the term rape .

This might necessitate access to other members of staff at short notice .
this might [need] access to other members of staff at short notice .

It may be a clause that a particular tenant may prefer to delete unless other factors necessitate its inclusion .
it may be a clause that a particular tenant may prefer to delete unless other factors [need] its inclusion .

Thus an order of the court that a former council house or New Town Development House be transferred to one party of the marriage will not necessitate at the time of the transfer repayment of the discount or any part of it allowable at the time of purchase .
thus an order of the court that a former council house or new town development house be transferred to one party of the marriage will not [need] at the time of the transfer repayment of the discount or any part of it allowable at the time of purchase .

This the committee rejected on the grounds that it would arouse keen political controversy , would involve insuperable financial problems and would necessitate the establishment of a complicated national administrative machinery .
this the committee rejected on the grounds that it would arouse keen political controversy , would involve insuperable financial problems and would [need] the establishment of a complicated national administrative machinery .

As the people of Stockport were taking care of the repairs to the School and contributing to the Master 's salary , they requested permission to appoint a new man without the formality of an interview before the Company in London , which would necessitate an expensive and inconvenient journey .
as the people of stockport were taking care of the repairs to the school and contributing to the master 's salary , they requested permission to appoint a new man without the formality of an interview before the company in london , which would [need] an expensive and inconvenient journey .

This makes difficult the maintenance of a uniform high quality within the textile works and may necessitate careful watch on the raw water to anticipate the effect of changes in composition .
this makes difficult the maintenance of a uniform high quality within the textile works and may [need] careful watch on the raw water to anticipate the effect of changes in composition .

If the firm does badly they can leave , but this will necessitate a loss of human capital assuming they have accumulated some firm-specific skills .
if the firm does badly they can leave , but this will [need] a loss of human capital assuming they have accumulated some firm-specific skills .

Direct action by central government would necessitate substantially increased expenditure and therefore revenue .
direct action by central government would [need] substantially increased expenditure and therefore revenue .

Booth argued that any selective system would give rise to anomalies and would necessitate a costly system of selection .
booth argued that any selective system would give rise to anomalies and would [need] a costly system of selection .

This is an even more beguiling picture since the forecasted increase in demand will bring the existing plants up to capacity and necessitate the building of a new one , of course on much the same technological base as exists today .
this is an even more beguiling picture since the forecasted increase in demand will bring the existing plants up to capacity and [need] the building of a new one , of course on much the same technological base as exists today .

To make the domain precise would necessitate an impractical and unacceptable narrowness in an already narrowly stated objective .
to make the domain precise would [need] an impractical and unacceptable narrowness in an already narrowly stated objective .

By way of abbreviation , for what it is worth , we can say that cc was dependently necessary to e , that e was such as to dependently necessitate cc .
by way of abbreviation , for what it is worth , we can say that cc was dependently necessary to e , that e was such as to dependently [need] cc .

We also have it that effects do no more than dependently necessitate their causal circumstances .
we also have it that effects do no more than dependently [need] their causal circumstances .

If it is not obvious , as remarked before , it surely is true that the nature of causal circumstances and causes , as against effects , is , at least in good part , explained by what we have already-it is explained in good part by the fact that causal circumstances necessitate effects , and effects merely necessitate one causal circumstance or another .
if it is not obvious , as remarked before , it surely is true that the nature of causal circumstances and causes , as against effects , is , at least in good part , explained by what we have already-it is explained in good part by the fact that causal circumstances [need] effects , and effects merely [need] one causal circumstance or another .

The answer is that ( 9 ) a causal circumstance is to be taken to include no in ore conditions than are needed to necessitate an effect .
the answer is that ( 9 ) a causal circumstance is to be taken to include no in ore conditions than are needed to [need] an effect .

All of them have their foundation in the basic connections between causal circumstance and effect , above all that causal circumstances necessitate their effects .
all of them have their foundation in the basic connections between causal circumstance and effect , above all that causal circumstances [need] their effects .

That , as may be said in tones suitable to the objection , is the conception of something so complete as to necessitate by itself its effect .
that , as may be said in tones suitable to the objection , is the conception of something so complete as to [need] by itself its effect .

As specified , a causal circumstance includes no more than was needed to necessitate the effect , which is to say that it included just a set of conditions or events such that if the set existed , so did the effect , and still would have even if certain other conditions or events had also existed .
as specified , a causal circumstance includes no more than was needed to [need] the effect , which is to say that it included just a set of conditions or events such that if the set existed , so did the effect , and still would have even if certain other conditions or events had also existed .

The custody officer does have an obligation under section 147 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 and the Code of Practice on Detention , Treatment and Questioning , to make a record of everything a person has with him and this may , of course , necessitate a search .
the custody officer does have an obligation under section 147 of the criminal justice act 1988 and the code of practice on detention , treatment and questioning , to make a record of everything a person has with him and this may , of course , [need] a search .

Fertilization in vitro will improve the synchrony of cleavage to the 2-cell stage , however intrinsic heterogeneity in cleavage times will probably necessitate resynchronization to each subsequent cell division .
fertilization in vitro will improve the synchrony of cleavage to the 2-cell stage , however intrinsic heterogeneity in cleavage times will probably [need] resynchronization to each subsequent cell division .

It is argued that this will necessitate a fiction section which : should comprise books of fantasy and ordinary life .
it is argued that this will [need] a fiction section which : should comprise books of fantasy and ordinary life .

It was widely held that the Koreans would not be ready for independence when the war ended : memories of the closing phase of the Yi dynasty did not inspire confidence in Korean ability for effective government and the era of Japanese dominance had been so repressive as to necessitate a period of readjustment .
it was widely held that the koreans would not be ready for independence when the war ended : memories of the closing phase of the yi dynasty did not inspire confidence in korean ability for effective government and the era of japanese dominance had been so repressive as to [need] a period of readjustment .

In such circumstances the achievement of the prices objective may necessitate a reduction in aggregate demand through cuts in government expenditure and increased taxes .
in such circumstances the achievement of the prices objective may [need] a reduction in aggregate demand through cuts in government expenditure and increased taxes .

It has an ageing population and social security laws which will generate a massive public expenditure burden and necessitate tax increases .
it has an ageing population and social security laws which will generate a massive public expenditure burden and [need] tax increases .

One assignment will normally necessitate the production of a continuation sheet .
one assignment will normally [need] the production of a continuation sheet .

In general the damage sustained must necessitate immediate repair , therefore damage which does not affect the operation of the plant will not be covered .
in general the damage sustained must [need] immediate repair , therefore damage which does not affect the operation of the plant will not be covered .

Fluctuations in our income , and particularly in the profitability of our subsidiary companies in recent years , have served to necessitate that our finger be kept continuously on our financial pulse .
fluctuations in our income , and particularly in the profitability of our subsidiary companies in recent years , have served to [need] that our finger be kept continuously on our financial pulse .

Whereas in the home market sales and production are likely to be financed from existing working capital , the extended period of credit which is possible in the export trade may necessitate additional forms of finance .
whereas in the home market sales and production are likely to be financed from existing working capital , the extended period of credit which is possible in the export trade may [need] additional forms of finance .

Feuds lower in the social scale , such as that between the Heron and Manners families from 1428 to 1431 , where both parties could count on influential support from greater men , could prove hard to solve and necessitate impartial arbitration from outside ( 209 , pp .
feuds lower in the social scale , such as that between the heron and manners families from 1428 to 1431 , where both parties could count on influential support from greater men , could prove hard to solve and [need] impartial arbitration from outside ( 209 , pp .

Should the patio to be laid require the removal of a substantial concreted area , this may necessitate a contribution towards the removal costs of the winner .
should the patio to be laid require the removal of a substantial concreted area , this may [need] a contribution towards the removal costs of the winner .

This could be because of perceived notions of Asian families being restrictive and oppressive , for example , in cases such as arranged marriages , which may necessitate the ’ rescue ’ of these women by state officials .
this could be because of perceived notions of asian families being restrictive and oppressive , for example , in cases such as arranged marriages , which may [need] the ’ rescue ’ of these women by state officials .

Election of a conservative , on the other hand , might necessitate Gorbachev 's expending time and energy on the party in a constant battle for control .
election of a conservative , on the other hand , might [need] gorbachev 's expending time and energy on the party in a constant battle for control .

To the best of our knowledge and belief there are no events or new information which have occurred or have become known subsequent to [ date of last audited financial statements ] that would reasonably necessitate adjustments to the Memorandum .
to the best of our knowledge and belief there are no events or new information which have occurred or have become known subsequent to [ date of last audited financial statements ] that would reasonably [need] adjustments to the memorandum .

This will necessitate collecting and analysing information on a wide variety of nature conservation sites and facilities in Scotland , and will involve extensive field and postal survey work as well as liaison with conservation and other agencies .
this will [need] collecting and analysing information on a wide variety of nature conservation sites and facilities in scotland , and will involve extensive field and postal survey work as well as liaison with conservation and other agencies .

However , the increased freedom of competition will necessitate harmonization on a variety of fronts if enormous competitive disparities are not to result .
however , the increased freedom of competition will [need] harmonization on a variety of fronts if enormous competitive disparities are not to result .

This may will necessitate interviewing people in the department concerned .
this may will [need] interviewing people in the department concerned .

Retrieval requirements may necessitate a combination of operations in order to obtain the desired result .
retrieval requirements may [need] a combination of operations in order to obtain the desired result .

First , the use of Stratford as a motorail and park-and-ride terminal will necessitate increased road capacity from the west .
first , the use of stratford as a motorail and park-and-ride terminal will [need] increased road capacity from the west .

It will necessitate six years of construction work for 24 hours , seven days a week , which will render many of the homes in that district uninhabitable for substantial periods .
it will [need] six years of construction work for 24 hours , seven days a week , which will render many of the homes in that district uninhabitable for substantial periods .

Many tasks performed in the office necessitate reading , and are frequently carried out in noisy environments .
many tasks performed in the office [need] reading , and are frequently carried out in noisy environments .

It is , however , more difficult to envisage the formation of a substantial amount of secondary porosity followed by fracturing during deep burial ; this may necessitate a reduction in hydrostatic pressure ( perhaps a relaxation of overpressuring ) , a change in pore fluid chemistry ( cessation of secondary porosity formation ) allowing subsequent fracture , or slight tectonic movement .
it is , however , more difficult to envisage the formation of a substantial amount of secondary porosity followed by fracturing during deep burial ; this may [need] a reduction in hydrostatic pressure ( perhaps a relaxation of overpressuring ) , a change in pore fluid chemistry ( cessation of secondary porosity formation ) allowing subsequent fracture , or slight tectonic movement .

Furthermore , when appropriate , the employer may inform first aid and safety personnel where an employee 's disability might require emergency treatment or necessitate the taking of special precautions .
furthermore , when appropriate , the employer may inform first aid and safety personnel where an employee 's disability might require emergency treatment or [need] the taking of special precautions .

Finally , none of the 36 patients experienced leakage that was severe enough to necessitate the wearing of a pad .
finally , none of the 36 patients experienced leakage that was severe enough to [need] the wearing of a pad .

Simply to obtain all your supply of this mineral from one or two foods ( say , dry figs or peas ) would necessitate you eating an awful lot of these foods .
simply to obtain all your supply of this mineral from one or two foods ( say , dry figs or peas ) would [need] you eating an awful lot of these foods .

For example , blood in the urine would almost certainly necessitate an internal inspection by a specialist .
for example , blood in the urine would almost certainly [need] an internal inspection by a specialist .

Where half or full board has been booked , flight timings may necessitate the loss of one meal ; in such cases the holiday price has been reduced to compensate .
where half or full board has been booked , flight timings may [need] the loss of one meal ; in such cases the holiday price has been reduced to compensate .

It can be applied to a range of activities which may vary in cost and scale and necessitate planning over differing time spans .
it can be applied to a range of activities which may vary in cost and scale and [need] planning over differing time spans .

Improving your confidence may well necessitate making decisions .
improving your confidence may well [need] making decisions .

When this complication does occur these days ( and the only reports are from the United States ) it may necessitate open-heart surgery for the replacement of the defective valve .
when this complication does occur these days ( and the only reports are from the united states ) it may [need] open-heart surgery for the replacement of the defective valve .

Increased usage of renewable energy sources , most of which will mainly convert energy into electricity , will necessitate better methods of storage of electrical energy than at present .
increased usage of renewable energy sources , most of which will mainly convert energy into electricity , will [need] better methods of storage of electrical energy than at present .

They say the nature and demands of the job ‘ may necessitate you working at times other than your normal hours of the week ’ .
they say the nature and demands of the job ‘ may [need] you working at times other than your normal hours of the week ’ .

The arguments adduced by Simon reveal a concern with representation : the partial and subjective nature of perception and the flux of experience necessitate an equally disruptive formal structure .
the arguments adduced by simon reveal a concern with representation : the partial and subjective nature of perception and the flux of experience [need] an equally disruptive formal structure .

As for O'Leary , it is 3½ years since he had the car accident which left him with a back injury so severe as to necessitate three operations .
as for o'leary , it is 3½ years since he had the car accident which left him with a back injury so severe as to [need] three operations .

By 1988 the morning-peak load was such as to necessitate a fifteen-minute clockface interval service from Swindon to Paddington between 06.30 and 09.00 ; additionally two services passed through Swindon without stopping .
by 1988 the morning-peak load was such as to [need] a fifteen-minute clockface interval service from swindon to paddington between 06.30 and 09.00 ; additionally two services passed through swindon without stopping .

Export requires resources for capital investment , which excludes the small farmer , but the growing of fruit and vegetables does not necessitate very large tracts of land and , therefore , the medium-sized farmer can accommodate this .
export requires resources for capital investment , which excludes the small farmer , but the growing of fruit and vegetables does not [need] very large tracts of land and , therefore , the medium-sized farmer can accommodate this .

Moral pluralism is often thought to necessitate neutral political concern .
moral pluralism is often thought to [need] neutral political concern .

Additional benefits of tree-lined streams , in reducing the effects of nitrates and phosphates in the water and in shading out the choking growth of summer weed in a river bed , which may otherwise necessitate further expensive dredging , have been recognized by Dutch and German scientists for over a decade .
additional benefits of tree-lined streams , in reducing the effects of nitrates and phosphates in the water and in shading out the choking growth of summer weed in a river bed , which may otherwise [need] further expensive dredging , have been recognized by dutch and german scientists for over a decade .

This will necessitate a visit to the local newsagent for the papers and you will have to ask your new next door neighbour if she or he can give a note to the milkman for you or contact the local dairy yourself .
this will [need] a visit to the local newsagent for the papers and you will have to ask your new next door neighbour if she or he can give a note to the milkman for you or contact the local dairy yourself .

‘ Whereas the rationalisation of farms and the need to conserve the countryside necessitate the granting of aids for joint investment schemes in respect of fodder production , for land improvement and jointly-owned capital equipment for pasture and hill grazing . ’
‘ whereas the rationalisation of farms and the need to conserve the countryside [need] the granting of aids for joint investment schemes in respect of fodder production , for land improvement and jointly-owned capital equipment for pasture and hill grazing . ’

Although still controversial , the collection of this information is in fact recommended practice , as it is essential to the complaints procedure to note a client 's name and address , even when it is clear that the enquiry will not necessitate a return visit .
although still controversial , the collection of this information is in fact recommended practice , as it is essential to the complaints procedure to note a client 's name and address , even when it is clear that the enquiry will not [need] a return visit .

The commercial difficulties which necessitate those cuts may cause management to underestimate the need to keep their employees ' interests at heart .
the commercial difficulties which [need] those cuts may cause management to underestimate the need to keep their employees ' interests at heart .

whether this is only a temporary down-turn which may in the end not necessitate redundancies on the scale now envisaged ;
whether this is only a temporary down-turn which may in the end not [need] redundancies on the scale now envisaged ;

But other research studies may necessitate some collecting of original data by means of observation , simply because the answers to the questions being asked can not be got except by the researcher going out and finding out .
but other research studies may [need] some collecting of original data by means of observation , simply because the answers to the questions being asked can not be got except by the researcher going out and finding out .

Not all field surveys necessitate formal interviewing ; especially in community surveys there may just be one field worker living in the community .
not all field surveys [need] formal interviewing ; especially in community surveys there may just be one field worker living in the community .

In 1896 , the minutes state ‘ that seven owners of property have applied for a supply of water from the Railway Company , which will necessitate the laying of 230 yards of 3 ’ cast iron main at an estimated cost of £55 , and there are several more houses along the proposed extension of the main which will probably soon want a supply ' .
in 1896 , the minutes state ‘ that seven owners of property have applied for a supply of water from the railway company , which will [need] the laying of 230 yards of 3 ’ cast iron main at an estimated cost of £55 , and there are several more houses along the proposed extension of the main which will probably soon want a supply ' .

The desire to control public spending does not necessitate the detailed and blanket control of local authorities sought by the Conservative government — still less if it is public borrowing that is crucial ( as monetarist doctrine would have it ) .
the desire to control public spending does not [need] the detailed and blanket control of local authorities sought by the conservative government — still less if it is public borrowing that is crucial ( as monetarist doctrine would have it ) .

For example , a small aerial on a building may very well not be development , any more than moving round light partitions in an office or work such as decoration which does not necessitate building .
for example , a small aerial on a building may very well not be development , any more than moving round light partitions in an office or work such as decoration which does not [need] building .

For example , superficial cutting occurs quite often in psychiatric inpatient settings , sometimes in epidemics ( Simpson 1975 ) , and the vast majority of such episodes do not necessitate general hospital treatment ( Hawton 1978 ) .
for example , superficial cutting occurs quite often in psychiatric inpatient settings , sometimes in epidemics ( simpson 1975 ) , and the vast majority of such episodes do not [need] general hospital treatment ( hawton 1978 ) .

Some of these sports necessitate the use of motor-powered vehicles which can be the major agents of environmental change and in some cases , such as trail-bike racing , the environmental damage can be substantial .
some of these sports [need] the use of motor-powered vehicles which can be the major agents of environmental change and in some cases , such as trail-bike racing , the environmental damage can be substantial .

Málaga , Ronda , and perhaps Gibraltar can be seen in a day , but Sevilla , Córdoba , Granada , and the parks necessitate at least an overnight stop .
málaga , ronda , and perhaps gibraltar can be seen in a day , but sevilla , córdoba , granada , and the parks [need] at least an overnight stop .

Is a separate protocol needed for individuals who are admitted to the hospital for surgery or other medical treatments that necessitate a hospital stay ?
is a separate protocol needed for individuals who are admitted to the hospital for surgery or other medical treatments that [need] a hospital stay ?

We must be careful not to employ screening techniques that do not address important subgroups.41 Evidence of such low sensitivity in an important subgroup may necessitate use of multiple screens tailored to subgroups .
we must be careful not to employ screening techniques that do not address important subgroups.41 evidence of such low sensitivity in an important subgroup may [need] use of multiple screens tailored to subgroups .

Automated approvals , when the risks associated with automated records and approvals warrant it , might necessitate electronic signatures that follow NIST guidance .
automated approvals , when the risks associated with automated records and approvals warrant it , might [need] electronic signatures that follow nist guidance .

The auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .
the auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may [need] the omission of certain information .

Auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .
auditors should , when appropriate , consult with legal counsel regarding any requirements or other circumstances that may [need] the omission of certain information .

Auditors need to weigh the need to reveal all significant facts known to them which , if not revealed , could either distort the results or conceal improper or unlawful practice against any requirements or other circumstances that may necessitate the omission of certain information .
auditors need to weigh the need to reveal all significant facts known to them which , if not revealed , could either distort the results or conceal improper or unlawful practice against any requirements or other circumstances that may [need] the omission of certain information .

It is increasingly clear that the continued decline in the staff levels of the Congress will also necessitate that GAO retain sufficient resources to ensure effective partnering with the Congress as well as an institutional memory about government programs and operations .
it is increasingly clear that the continued decline in the staff levels of the congress will also [need] that gao retain sufficient resources to ensure effective partnering with the congress as well as an institutional memory about government programs and operations .

Changes in the expected system size may necessitate reestimates of the development cost , using the cost models described earlier in this appendix .
changes in the expected system size may [need] reestimates of the development cost , using the cost models described earlier in this appendix .

Delaying reform until Social Security 's insolvency is imminent would necessitate drastic changes over a shorter period .
delaying reform until social security 's insolvency is imminent would [need] drastic changes over a shorter period .

Moreover , this tiered system discourages industry from conducting testing in immature animals because the findings could necessitate further costly testing and hinder a chemical from reaching the market .
moreover , this tiered system discourages industry from conducting testing in immature animals because the findings could [need] further costly testing and hinder a chemical from reaching the market .

The editorial says Secret Service agents should not be forced to testify against the president , as this would 1 ) destroy what little privacy the first family has left ; 2 ) reduce agents ' effectiveness as the president seeks to evade their gaze ; and 3 ) necessitate a tightknit , loyal presidential entourage , like that of a dictator .
the editorial says secret service agents should not be forced to testify against the president , as this would 1 ) destroy what little privacy the first family has left ; 2 ) reduce agents ' effectiveness as the president seeks to evade their gaze ; and 3 ) [need] a tightknit , loyal presidential entourage , like that of a dictator .

Reporting lack of enthusiasm from the Vatican , La Repubblica said church officials feared it would necessitate modifications to the concordat governing relations between Italy and the Holy See .
reporting lack of enthusiasm from the vatican , la repubblica said church officials feared it would [need] modifications to the concordat governing relations between italy and the holy see .

Recent scandals necessitate renewed scrutiny .
recent scandals [need] renewed scrutiny .

Everybody notes that one of the arguments put forward by Clinton personal attorney David Kendall against calling witnesses is that it would necessitate a comprehensive `` discovery '' process that could lengthen things by months .
everybody notes that one of the arguments put forward by clinton personal attorney david kendall against calling witnesses is that it would [need] a comprehensive `` discovery '' process that could lengthen things by months .

While most of these bear testament to the wonderful versatility of the English language and the rich vein of humor that runs through our culture , some necessitate etymological investigation in order to uncover their roots and , in some cases , to explore changes in meaning .
while most of these bear testament to the wonderful versatility of the english language and the rich vein of humor that runs through our culture , some [need] etymological investigation in order to uncover their roots and , in some cases , to explore changes in meaning .

Must assets that there are laws and facts that jointly necessitate some occurrence , either already completed or yet to be brought about , without specifying exactly what those laws and facts are .
must assets that there are laws and facts that jointly [need] some occurrence , either already completed or yet to be brought about , without specifying exactly what those laws and facts are .

Whereas must says there are laws and facts that necessitate some occurrence , can asserts that whatever laws and facts there are , some occurrence is permitted ( or possible ) .
whereas must says there are laws and facts that [need] some occurrence , can asserts that whatever laws and facts there are , some occurrence is permitted ( or possible ) .

