The retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis necessitates the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation .
the retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis [needs] the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation .

This is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy .
this is what [needs] the nonsystematic character of his astronomy .

The lower portion necessitates only films of Hand .
the lower portion [needs] only films of hand .

This of course , necessitates a correcting network on replay .
this of course , [needs] a correcting network on replay .

That obviously necessitates more swallowing movements .
that obviously [needs] more swallowing movements .

Being involved in a job which necessitates a good deal of physical activity ( housework , unfortunately , does not rate high in this way , in these days of mod. cons. ) , or taking part in a good deal of sport or walking ( that ten-minute daily dozen does n't really rate here , either ) .
being involved in a job which [needs] a good deal of physical activity ( housework , unfortunately , does not rate high in this way , in these days of mod. cons. ) , or taking part in a good deal of sport or walking ( that ten-minute daily dozen does n't really rate here , either ) .

They also cover the cost of obtaining new appliances such as cookers if the move necessitates a change from electricity to gas or vice versa .
they also cover the cost of obtaining new appliances such as cookers if the move [needs] a change from electricity to gas or vice versa .

Something inherent in maleness necessitates its expression in systems of oppressive hierarchies .
something inherent in maleness [needs] its expression in systems of oppressive hierarchies .

The financial consequences of the past and present policies have resulted in ‘ two worlds ’ of old people : those with the security of good occupational pensions , to whom a wide range of attractive retirement options are open ; and those whose dependence on means-tested supplements to their basic pensions necessitates dependence of a personal and immediate kind upon the state , and whose quality of life is restricted by their financial circumstances .
the financial consequences of the past and present policies have resulted in ‘ two worlds ’ of old people : those with the security of good occupational pensions , to whom a wide range of attractive retirement options are open ; and those whose dependence on means-tested supplements to their basic pensions [needs] dependence of a personal and immediate kind upon the state , and whose quality of life is restricted by their financial circumstances .

The size or shape of a Consignment necessitates the use of a vehicle of greater carrying capacity than the weight of the Consignment would otherwise require , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to the carrying capacity of such vehicle as is reasonably required .
the size or shape of a consignment [needs] the use of a vehicle of greater carrying capacity than the weight of the consignment would otherwise require , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to the carrying capacity of such vehicle as is reasonably required .

This is only a metaphor , but the point is perhaps worth making that the insistence on ‘ independent contractor ’ status on the part of the GPs and local competition for patients ( which necessitates collective regulation through ‘ professional ethics and etiquette ’ ) , weakened their bargaining position with both their hospital colleagues and with Government .
this is only a metaphor , but the point is perhaps worth making that the insistence on ‘ independent contractor ’ status on the part of the gps and local competition for patients ( which [needs] collective regulation through ‘ professional ethics and etiquette ’ ) , weakened their bargaining position with both their hospital colleagues and with government .

The accountant ‘ deals with the business , but not the personality , of the client ’ and ‘ a wilful activity necessitates legal services which are initiated , and can be terminated , at the will of the client ; but the necessity of contacting a doctor emerges out of circumstances which are beyond human control ’ ( p.27 ) .
the accountant ‘ deals with the business , but not the personality , of the client ’ and ‘ a wilful activity [needs] legal services which are initiated , and can be terminated , at the will of the client ; but the necessity of contacting a doctor emerges out of circumstances which are beyond human control ’ ( p.27 ) .

Intervention for Paul who , no doubt , has lots of problem behaviours must start with setting his problems in order of importance and that necessitates discarding the subjective labels .
intervention for paul who , no doubt , has lots of problem behaviours must start with setting his problems in order of importance and that [needs] discarding the subjective labels .

Popular capitalism necessitates a belief in the power of market forces , a reduction in the role of the state , an increasing reliance on self-help and moves towards extending the property-owning democracy .
popular capitalism [needs] a belief in the power of market forces , a reduction in the role of the state , an increasing reliance on self-help and moves towards extending the property-owning democracy .

It also necessitates a certain amount of trial-and-error , but flight sim aficionados are sure to love it .
it also [needs] a certain amount of trial-and-error , but flight sim aficionados are sure to love it .

Initiation in Buddhism necessitates the realization of the 49 ‘ truths ’ or ‘ fires ’ relating to universal forces .
initiation in buddhism [needs] the realization of the 49 ‘ truths ’ or ‘ fires ’ relating to universal forces .

One of the problems is that these moult-sites are usually as far from man 's activities as possible , often near remote skerries , headlands or small uninhabited islands , and this necessitates the use of a boat in most cases .
one of the problems is that these moult-sites are usually as far from man 's activities as possible , often near remote skerries , headlands or small uninhabited islands , and this [needs] the use of a boat in most cases .

This necessitates them saying something about the rival philosophy of the includers in addition to conveying the appearance of expertise .
this [needs] them saying something about the rival philosophy of the includers in addition to conveying the appearance of expertise .

In addition , it necessitates the involvements of capital receipts and private finance — neither very likely to be accessible to church and church-related community groups .
in addition , it [needs] the involvements of capital receipts and private finance — neither very likely to be accessible to church and church-related community groups .

The emergence of educational policies which focus on the school and college experiences of black and female students necessitates the use of ‘ race ’ and sex as significant categories , labelling students in such a way as to highlight both specific aspects of their identity and group membership and particular educational problems .
the emergence of educational policies which focus on the school and college experiences of black and female students [needs] the use of ‘ race ’ and sex as significant categories , labelling students in such a way as to highlight both specific aspects of their identity and group membership and particular educational problems .

The nature of building work normally necessitates the use of a gang .
the nature of building work normally [needs] the use of a gang .

In all but the smallest companies efficiency necessitates the delegation of authority to manage the business to a specialised management team .
in all but the smallest companies efficiency [needs] the delegation of authority to manage the business to a specialised management team .

Undertaking transformational change also necessitates re-examining the organization 's mission and creating a vision or desired future state as well as the strategies by which the organization can move toward that vision .
undertaking transformational change also [needs] re-examining the organization 's mission and creating a vision or desired future state as well as the strategies by which the organization can move toward that vision .

This step is important in that organizational transformation always necessitates the need for changes in the behavior of those who hold key roles in the organization .
this step is important in that organizational transformation always [needs] the need for changes in the behavior of those who hold key roles in the organization .

If , for instance , Ms Intrepid acquires a small cafe and wishes to convert it to high-class tearooms and this necessitates minor internal building works and extensive redecoration , planning permission will not be required , since the alterations are purely internal and do not alter the use to which the buildings are put , nor do they materially affect the external appearance of the property .
if , for instance , ms intrepid acquires a small cafe and wishes to convert it to high-class tearooms and this [needs] minor internal building works and extensive redecoration , planning permission will not be required , since the alterations are purely internal and do not alter the use to which the buildings are put , nor do they materially affect the external appearance of the property .

To criticize antiracism necessitates understanding racism and being able to locate the politics of ‘ race ’ from which it springs .
to criticize antiracism [needs] understanding racism and being able to locate the politics of ‘ race ’ from which it springs .

Transmission across the callosum takes time and necessitates crossing at least one synaptic junction , during which the information is said to undergo some degree of transformation such that it arrives at the second hemisphere in a comparatively degraded state ( McKeever and Huling , 1971a ; Gross , 1972 ; Gibson , Dimond and Gazzaniga , 1972 ) .
transmission across the callosum takes time and [needs] crossing at least one synaptic junction , during which the information is said to undergo some degree of transformation such that it arrives at the second hemisphere in a comparatively degraded state ( mckeever and huling , 1971a ; gross , 1972 ; gibson , dimond and gazzaniga , 1972 ) .

The second question which arises for determination is whether the proceeding before the justice or justices , if there happens to be more than one justice before whom the person arrested is brought under section 7 ( 5 ) , necessitates the giving of evidence on oath with the opportunity to the person arrested or his legal representative to cross-examine and the person arrested having the opportunity to give evidence himself , before the justice of the peace may properly form an opinion on the matters set out in paragraphs ( a ) and ( b ) .
the second question which arises for determination is whether the proceeding before the justice or justices , if there happens to be more than one justice before whom the person arrested is brought under section 7 ( 5 ) , [needs] the giving of evidence on oath with the opportunity to the person arrested or his legal representative to cross-examine and the person arrested having the opportunity to give evidence himself , before the justice of the peace may properly form an opinion on the matters set out in paragraphs ( a ) and ( b ) .

The shift from ‘ Burnished Sky ’ ( 1985 ) to ‘ Gentle Edge ’ 1986 ) , the first of the ‘ zig ’ paintings on show at the Hayward necessitates a reciprocal and radical adjustment in the viewer 's approach to the work in the exhibition .
the shift from ‘ burnished sky ’ ( 1985 ) to ‘ gentle edge ’ 1986 ) , the first of the ‘ zig ’ paintings on show at the hayward [needs] a reciprocal and radical adjustment in the viewer 's approach to the work in the exhibition .

The high incidence of prostatic obstruction in this study emphasises that finding a raised creatinine concentration in any male necessitates careful palpation of the abdomen and prostate .
the high incidence of prostatic obstruction in this study emphasises that finding a raised creatinine concentration in any male [needs] careful palpation of the abdomen and prostate .

His public pronouncements are unequivocal in this respect , and although it is clearly not possible to accept such public pronouncements as the definitive expression of a man 's innermost beliefs and convictions , and although it is also evidently the case that to be published in L'Humanite and Ce Soir inevitably necessitates obedience to the party line , nonetheless the consistency and vigour with which Nizan presented an entirely positive view of developments within the Soviet Union are an instructive antidote to those critics desperately searching for evidence of Nizan 's growing anti-Stalinism/anti-communism during this period .
his public pronouncements are unequivocal in this respect , and although it is clearly not possible to accept such public pronouncements as the definitive expression of a man 's innermost beliefs and convictions , and although it is also evidently the case that to be published in l'humanite and ce soir inevitably [needs] obedience to the party line , nonetheless the consistency and vigour with which nizan presented an entirely positive view of developments within the soviet union are an instructive antidote to those critics desperately searching for evidence of nizan 's growing anti-stalinism/anti-communism during this period .

Moreover , the use of larger , heavier machinery necessitates the removal of obstacles , such as burial mounds and ancient field boundaries , to improve efficiency .
moreover , the use of larger , heavier machinery [needs] the removal of obstacles , such as burial mounds and ancient field boundaries , to improve efficiency .

Compliance to the often unspoken demand for silence is eventually forthcoming , though the dignity of the pupils necessitates that this is not given immediately .
compliance to the often unspoken demand for silence is eventually forthcoming , though the dignity of the pupils [needs] that this is not given immediately .

First , it is clear that balancing necessitates some judgment as to how much we value a particular interest , and that people may well disagree as to the weight accorded to it in any particular instance .
first , it is clear that balancing [needs] some judgment as to how much we value a particular interest , and that people may well disagree as to the weight accorded to it in any particular instance .

It often necessitates the immediate delivery of the baby .
it often [needs] the immediate delivery of the baby .

Analysis of contemporary processes , however , necessitates consideration of the past , in particular the Cold War era .
analysis of contemporary processes , however , [needs] consideration of the past , in particular the cold war era .

This necessitates the strengthening of existing international institutions , such as the United Nations , or the creation of new institutions capable of meeting the challenge of globalization .
this [needs] the strengthening of existing international institutions , such as the united nations , or the creation of new institutions capable of meeting the challenge of globalization .

The strategy ( Huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which necessitates identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .
the strategy ( huggett , 1980 ) involved four phases identified as the lexical phase which [needs] identification of system components ; the parsing phase which involves establishing relationships between system components ; the modelling phase which requires expression of relationships in the context of a model and then calibrating the model ; and the analysis phase in which there is an attempt to solve the system model and if not successful the procedure is repeated with a modified model .

Reception of modernist culture necessitates a differentiated habitus and a sort of specialized cultural capital .
reception of modernist culture [needs] a differentiated habitus and a sort of specialized cultural capital .

In tribal ( and perhaps feudal ) societies the exercise of power necessitates the day-to-day work of symbolic violence through obligations and the incurrence of debts created by ( a ) the fit and ( b ) the protection that the superordinate offers the subordinate .
in tribal ( and perhaps feudal ) societies the exercise of power [needs] the day-to-day work of symbolic violence through obligations and the incurrence of debts created by ( a ) the fit and ( b ) the protection that the superordinate offers the subordinate .

Where the restraint necessitates holding a client down , the first recourse should be to attempt this face up , a degree of weight being applied to the shoulders .
where the restraint [needs] holding a client down , the first recourse should be to attempt this face up , a degree of weight being applied to the shoulders .

5.6 Aerials signs and advertisements Not to erect any pole mast or wire ( whether in connection with telegraphic telephonic radio or television communication or otherwise ) upon the Premises It may be that the nature of the tenant 's business necessitates an aerial being erected and therefore the following amendment should be made : Not without the previous consent in writing of the Landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to erect any pole mast or wire
5.6 aerials signs and advertisements not to erect any pole mast or wire ( whether in connection with telegraphic telephonic radio or television communication or otherwise ) upon the premises it may be that the nature of the tenant 's business [needs] an aerial being erected and therefore the following amendment should be made : not without the previous consent in writing of the landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to erect any pole mast or wire

It necessitates disclosure of the full nature and extent of the firm 's interest .
it [needs] disclosure of the full nature and extent of the firm 's interest .

This is not wholly satisfactory , as often the terms of the second mortgage are not sufficiently clear for the husband to enforce them ; it necessitates a separate form of receipt on redemption ; and it leaves the husband effectively without any title documents ( as these are held by the first mortgagee ) although he can of course have marked abstracts .
this is not wholly satisfactory , as often the terms of the second mortgage are not sufficiently clear for the husband to enforce them ; it [needs] a separate form of receipt on redemption ; and it leaves the husband effectively without any title documents ( as these are held by the first mortgagee ) although he can of course have marked abstracts .

This necessitates two complementary approaches to the study of chemical weathering : thermodynamics considers the ultimately stable forms by analysing the energy changes involved in chemical reactions , while kinetics focuses on rates and mechanisms of change .
this [needs] two complementary approaches to the study of chemical weathering : thermodynamics considers the ultimately stable forms by analysing the energy changes involved in chemical reactions , while kinetics focuses on rates and mechanisms of change .

It is a corollary of collective responsibility that any minister who disagrees publicly with a cabinet decision should resign and that a government defeat in the House of Commons on a vote of confidence necessitates either the resignation of the government or a request for a dissolution ( there is no convention as to which of these alternatives the government should select ) .
it is a corollary of collective responsibility that any minister who disagrees publicly with a cabinet decision should resign and that a government defeat in the house of commons on a vote of confidence [needs] either the resignation of the government or a request for a dissolution ( there is no convention as to which of these alternatives the government should select ) .

Membership of an organisation necessitates voluntary restrictions upon the sovereign powers of States which can only be to the extent accepted by the members through the express or implied terms of the treaty .
membership of an organisation [needs] voluntary restrictions upon the sovereign powers of states which can only be to the extent accepted by the members through the express or implied terms of the treaty .

This in turn necessitates an altered conception of `` education `` itself :
this in turn [needs] an altered conception of `` education `` itself :

This necessitates transcending the simple `` imitative `` pedagogy of the school , since democratic individuals require the kind of `` twofold consciousness `` which renders them `` capable of thinking their own thoughts `` and `` feeling their own feelings `` , In order to achieve this , students require two qualities : `` self-identification `` and `` verification `` .
this [needs] transcending the simple `` imitative `` pedagogy of the school , since democratic individuals require the kind of `` twofold consciousness `` which renders them `` capable of thinking their own thoughts `` and `` feeling their own feelings `` , in order to achieve this , students require two qualities : `` self-identification `` and `` verification `` .

This necessitates a philosophy of mind and action .
this [needs] a philosophy of mind and action .

Because this does not give sufficient insights , the analysis is extended to multiproduct natural monopoly In section 2.2 , which necessitates first going into multiproduct cost and pricing concepts .
because this does not give sufficient insights , the analysis is extended to multiproduct natural monopoly in section 2.2 , which [needs] first going into multiproduct cost and pricing concepts .

Since a Convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws whilst the non-coverage of an issue necessitates recourse to the applicable law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum , it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the Convention contains no express provision is covered by implication , applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the Convention itself , and if not , whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the Convention .
since a convention rule covering an issue displaces the need for resort to the conflicts of laws whilst the non-coverage of an issue [needs] recourse to the applicable law as determined by the conflicts rules of the forum , it may become necessary to decide whether an issue on which the convention contains no express provision is covered by implication , applying any canons of interpretation laid down by the convention itself , and if not , whether recourse is to be had to general conflict-of-laws rules or to any particular conflict rules laid down by the convention .

It has accepted that progressive aging of the population necessitates a parallel increase in numbers of doctors .
it has accepted that progressive aging of the population [needs] a parallel increase in numbers of doctors .

As for the fundamental necessity-relations , ( 5 ) the causal circumstance necessitates the effect , and hence the effect is necessary to the circumstance .
as for the fundamental necessity-relations , ( 5 ) the causal circumstance [needs] the effect , and hence the effect is necessary to the circumstance .

Further ( 7 ) the causal circumstance is dependently necessary to the effect , which is to say that the effect dependently necessitates the circumstance .
further ( 7 ) the causal circumstance is dependently necessary to the effect , which is to say that the effect dependently [needs] the circumstance .

The property of a circumstance that ( 5 ) it necessitates its effect , although we did not pause to consider the matter , is in a way essential to a final element in a definition of a causal circumstance , more particularly a specification of what is included in such a circumstance .
the property of a circumstance that ( 5 ) it [needs] its effect , although we did not pause to consider the matter , is in a way essential to a final element in a definition of a causal circumstance , more particularly a specification of what is included in such a circumstance .

Thus ( i ) neither may precede the other , or ( ii ) they are not such that one necessitates the other while the other merely dependently necessitates it , or ( iii ) they may lack both features .
thus ( i ) neither may precede the other , or ( ii ) they are not such that one [needs] the other while the other merely dependently [needs] it , or ( iii ) they may lack both features .

What is true , rather , is ( i ) that they are simultaneous , or ( ii ) each necessitates the other , or ( iii ) they are simultaneous and each necessitates the other .
what is true , rather , is ( i ) that they are simultaneous , or ( ii ) each [needs] the other , or ( iii ) they are simultaneous and each [needs] the other .

For example , with respect to the first category of nomic correlates , the category which will be of most importance to us , there is the truth that if a necessitates b , then b is necessary to a .
for example , with respect to the first category of nomic correlates , the category which will be of most importance to us , there is the truth that if a [needs] b , then b is necessary to a .

Filling in between times necessitates recourse to the mid-year estimates of the Registrar-General which provide details of the numbers of people in each local authority , together with a breakdown of annual changes by natural change and migration components .
filling in between times [needs] recourse to the mid-year estimates of the registrar-general which provide details of the numbers of people in each local authority , together with a breakdown of annual changes by natural change and migration components .

Accordingly the man in our example may prefer to keep an additional fraction of his income as money balances in excess of his transactions demand , just in case something unexpected happens which necessitates immediate expenditure .
accordingly the man in our example may prefer to keep an additional fraction of his income as money balances in excess of his transactions demand , just in case something unexpected happens which [needs] immediate expenditure .

An alliance between workers , peasants and petty bourgeoisie necessitates a bureaucratic authoritarian regime .
an alliance between workers , peasants and petty bourgeoisie [needs] a bureaucratic authoritarian regime .

Earlier research conducted at Staffordshire Potteries links illness , absence from work and expressions of discomfort at work with the organisation of work itself , especially work which involves assembly line type conditions , and which necessitates workers being tied to a machine for the entire working day .
earlier research conducted at staffordshire potteries links illness , absence from work and expressions of discomfort at work with the organisation of work itself , especially work which involves assembly line type conditions , and which [needs] workers being tied to a machine for the entire working day .

‘ In city centre Belfast , ’ reported Lois Brown at Waterstones , ‘ we live with the continual threat , which necessitates regular searching of premises and constant vigilance .
‘ in city centre belfast , ’ reported lois brown at waterstones , ‘ we live with the continual threat , which [needs] regular searching of premises and constant vigilance .

Competitive markets provide one such system and their absence necessitates other institutional devices .
competitive markets provide one such system and their absence [needs] other institutional devices .

The Wiring Regulations require that all metal pipe and exposed metal fittings are connected to the main earth terminal , which necessitates running separate earth wires wherever plastic pipe has been fitted .
the wiring regulations require that all metal pipe and exposed metal fittings are connected to the main earth terminal , which [needs] running separate earth wires wherever plastic pipe has been fitted .

The increase in , and reduction in n for a given output , leads to a reduced demand for capital ( see the term in ( 7–33 ' ) ) , and this necessitates equilibrating adjustments in w/r .
the increase in , and reduction in n for a given output , leads to a reduced demand for capital ( see the term in ( 7–33 ' ) ) , and this [needs] equilibrating adjustments in w/r .

5.9 ) necessitates the use of oriented field samples plus measurements from three perpendicular thin sections .
5.9 ) [needs] the use of oriented field samples plus measurements from three perpendicular thin sections .

The educated Indian businessman will consult an astrologer as readily as the illiterate villager ; and no occasion , except perhaps the birth of a child , necessitates the consulting of astrologers quite so urgently as a marriage .
the educated indian businessman will consult an astrologer as readily as the illiterate villager ; and no occasion , except perhaps the birth of a child , [needs] the consulting of astrologers quite so urgently as a marriage .

The type of research which this kind of geology necessitates is careful , painstaking fieldwork , covering large areas of difficult terrain , and it is only by long-term work involving many individuals that the answers to the problems can be found .
the type of research which this kind of geology [needs] is careful , painstaking fieldwork , covering large areas of difficult terrain , and it is only by long-term work involving many individuals that the answers to the problems can be found .

The `` essential role `` of the Council in creating political momentum would continue and `` the conference will consider whether the Community 's development towards the Union necessitates an accentuation of this role `` . ``
the `` essential role `` of the council in creating political momentum would continue and `` the conference will consider whether the community 's development towards the union [needs] an accentuation of this role `` . ``

the switch necessitates some concentrated work on your files .
the switch [needs] some concentrated work on your files .

It also necessitates very little in terms of information and time requirements compared with zero-based approaches .
it also [needs] very little in terms of information and time requirements compared with zero-based approaches .

In the forest home of these birds the obscured vision in dense foliage necessitates a courtship strategy in which females are pursued and shown to their nest sites .
in the forest home of these birds the obscured vision in dense foliage [needs] a courtship strategy in which females are pursued and shown to their nest sites .

Bringing up the fledglings necessitates a great deal of work in finding food , and polygyny , as we have seen , is possible only when food is exceptionally abundant under r conditions .
bringing up the fledglings [needs] a great deal of work in finding food , and polygyny , as we have seen , is possible only when food is exceptionally abundant under r conditions .

To get things moving , wealthy collector Walter Donovan ( Julian Glover ) — who believes drinking from the cup will make him immortal — kidnaps Indie 's father and lures the son to Venice where the search for a vital clue necessitates a flesh-crawling wade through flooded , rat-infested catacombs .
to get things moving , wealthy collector walter donovan ( julian glover ) — who believes drinking from the cup will make him immortal — kidnaps indie 's father and lures the son to venice where the search for a vital clue [needs] a flesh-crawling wade through flooded , rat-infested catacombs .

Thus , those whose work necessitates an early start ( for example , farmers , bakers , some factory workers , and long-distance commuters ) will routinely time their life-style ( retiring , rising , and meal times ) earlier than average and their environment — when it is dark or light , noisy or quiet — will be adjusted to match .
thus , those whose work [needs] an early start ( for example , farmers , bakers , some factory workers , and long-distance commuters ) will routinely time their life-style ( retiring , rising , and meal times ) earlier than average and their environment — when it is dark or light , noisy or quiet — will be adjusted to match .

The creation of several dwellings within a building previously devoted to one use necessitates the division of the original large single volume of the church interior and the loss of the special qualities of light , spaciousness and acoustics which that large volume possesses .
the creation of several dwellings within a building previously devoted to one use [needs] the division of the original large single volume of the church interior and the loss of the special qualities of light , spaciousness and acoustics which that large volume possesses .

The cleaner should work facing the flat of the blade which means changing position during the operation and necessitates clear access around the machine .
the cleaner should work facing the flat of the blade which means changing position during the operation and [needs] clear access around the machine .

‘ It concentrates power in the hands of a few , necessitates a military-style secrecy and undermines the principles of human liberty .
‘ it concentrates power in the hands of a few , [needs] a military-style secrecy and undermines the principles of human liberty .

But this no more implies a conscious awareness of the distinctions between past , present , and future than the use of language necessitates an explicit knowledge of grammar .
but this no more implies a conscious awareness of the distinctions between past , present , and future than the use of language [needs] an explicit knowledge of grammar .

This necessitates , in turn , a far more numerous and ubiquitous police presence than in other kinds of area , far more frequent unpleasant contact with the public as potential suspects , and far greater opportunities for police misjudgment or abuse .
this [needs] , in turn , a far more numerous and ubiquitous police presence than in other kinds of area , far more frequent unpleasant contact with the public as potential suspects , and far greater opportunities for police misjudgment or abuse .

It is , by nature , expansionist because declining soil fertility on cultivated land necessitates a continual process of encroachment into previously undisturbed areas .
it is , by nature , expansionist because declining soil fertility on cultivated land [needs] a continual process of encroachment into previously undisturbed areas .

To use criminal statistics wisely necessitates some prior work in getting to know the difference between indictable and non-indictable offences and also some legal history so that one does not suddenly discover an enormous decrease in a crime such as stealing cars when the new offence of ‘ take and drive away ’ is introduced .
to use criminal statistics wisely [needs] some prior work in getting to know the difference between indictable and non-indictable offences and also some legal history so that one does not suddenly discover an enormous decrease in a crime such as stealing cars when the new offence of ‘ take and drive away ’ is introduced .

For example in the open air or where a temporary problem necessitates urgent remedy .
for example in the open air or where a temporary problem [needs] urgent remedy .

The process necessitates rings of light oscillating up and down the body of the robot .
the process [needs] rings of light oscillating up and down the body of the robot .

The feeling that incomers might be a problem necessitates ways in which one can prove this and attempt to ameliorate the situation .
the feeling that incomers might be a problem [needs] ways in which one can prove this and attempt to ameliorate the situation .

This automatically necessitates teaching and supervision .
this automatically [needs] teaching and supervision .

Thus transactions between residents of two countries each using its own units of account necessitates the exchange of one for another .
thus transactions between residents of two countries each using its own units of account [needs] the exchange of one for another .

The reader will appreciate that in most cases oil field development necessitates the use of external finance .
the reader will appreciate that in most cases oil field development [needs] the use of external finance .

This , as was pointed out , necessitates the use of roll-over dates in loan agreements to deal with fluctuations in the interest cost of funds .
this , as was pointed out , [needs] the use of roll-over dates in loan agreements to deal with fluctuations in the interest cost of funds .

Such management necessitates a continuous review of a bank 's overall balance sheet in order to avoid excessive mismatching of assets and liabilities ( refer to Chapter 1 for analysis of bank 's balance sheet ) .
such management [needs] a continuous review of a bank 's overall balance sheet in order to avoid excessive mismatching of assets and liabilities ( refer to chapter 1 for analysis of bank 's balance sheet ) .

The rationale for UDCs is presumably that the scale of urban decline necessitates the creation of independent , centrally-appointed development agencies that are free from the apparent constraints of local government .
the rationale for udcs is presumably that the scale of urban decline [needs] the creation of independent , centrally-appointed development agencies that are free from the apparent constraints of local government .

Last but not least , responding to lean retailing requirements ultimately necessitates much more sophisticated demand forecasting , production planning , and manufacturing strategies than the practices employed by traditional suppliers .
last but not least , responding to lean retailing requirements ultimately [needs] much more sophisticated demand forecasting , production planning , and manufacturing strategies than the practices employed by traditional suppliers .

The combination of the potential opportunity to affect the alcohol consumption of at-risk drinkers and the limited time for providers to intervene , along with the higher volume and projected shortages of nursing personnel , necessitates the need to expand research on brief alcohol interventions specifically with the use of new technology .
the combination of the potential opportunity to affect the alcohol consumption of at-risk drinkers and the limited time for providers to intervene , along with the higher volume and projected shortages of nursing personnel , [needs] the need to expand research on brief alcohol interventions specifically with the use of new technology .

Helping staff and boards arrive at a common vision necessitates honest and sometimes difficult conversations .
helping staff and boards arrive at a common vision [needs] honest and sometimes difficult conversations .

What looked like sustainability in the past were fisheries out of our reach—naturally protected areas—says Pauly , adding that our increasing ability to harvest fisheries necessitates the creation of MPAs now .
what looked like sustainability in the past were fisheries out of our reach—naturally protected areas—says pauly , adding that our increasing ability to harvest fisheries [needs] the creation of mpas now .

Indeed , in developed countries , most operations grow carnivorous fish , which necessitates growing fish to feed fish .
indeed , in developed countries , most operations grow carnivorous fish , which [needs] growing fish to feed fish .

