The wind from the Rhine was damp and chill , necessitating a fire for warmth .
the wind from the rhine was damp and chill , [needing] a fire for warmth .

Retroviruses can transfer genes efficiently to cells but they deliver their therapeutic genes to both target and nontarget cells , necessitating local delivery of the recombinant retroviruses to specific target tissues 7,8 , or retrovirus-mediated gene transfer to target cells ex vivo , followed by reimplantation of these cells 9 .
retroviruses can transfer genes efficiently to cells but they deliver their therapeutic genes to both target and nontarget cells , [needing] local delivery of the recombinant retroviruses to specific target tissues 7,8 , or retrovirus-mediated gene transfer to target cells ex vivo , followed by reimplantation of these cells 9 .

As well as defending her Redcar seat , Dr Mowlam is Labour spokesperson on city and corporate affairs necessitating much shuttling between Cleveland and London .
as well as defending her redcar seat , dr mowlam is labour spokesperson on city and corporate affairs [needing] much shuttling between cleveland and london .

It is easy to think of obvious examples : the child who suddenly loses both parents in a car accident ; the outbreak of war , necessitating a dramatic change of surroundings and circumstances ; a house fire or some other disaster befalling the family .
it is easy to think of obvious examples : the child who suddenly loses both parents in a car accident ; the outbreak of war , [needing] a dramatic change of surroundings and circumstances ; a house fire or some other disaster befalling the family .

If you have the sort of hairstyle that shows up the root regrowth within three weeks , necessitating retouching with either bleach or colourant , consider a restyle .
if you have the sort of hairstyle that shows up the root regrowth within three weeks , [needing] retouching with either bleach or colourant , consider a restyle .

L'Auberge expanded , necessitating the employment of Arnold , a young chef who took over most of the day-to-day running of the kitchen , and Olive , a restaurant manageress who , like almost all the waitresses , lived locally and had been trained on the job by George .
l'auberge expanded , [needing] the employment of arnold , a young chef who took over most of the day-to-day running of the kitchen , and olive , a restaurant manageress who , like almost all the waitresses , lived locally and had been trained on the job by george .

It was hoped that more would be done by legislation to impose on local authorities a duty to consider , assess and intervene ‘ Where there are elderly people in need of some support or advice in order to prevent or postpone personal or social deterioration or breakdown — necessitating their removal to institutional care ’ ( Age Concern , 1986 , p. 128 ) .
it was hoped that more would be done by legislation to impose on local authorities a duty to consider , assess and intervene ‘ where there are elderly people in need of some support or advice in order to prevent or postpone personal or social deterioration or breakdown — [needing] their removal to institutional care ’ ( age concern , 1986 , p. 128 ) .

Even the staircases were replaced by the direct quarter-turn pattern , necessitating a rearrangement of the upper deck seating and stair hand-rails .
even the staircases were replaced by the direct quarter-turn pattern , [needing] a rearrangement of the upper deck seating and stair hand-rails .

However , there had been a fall in profits necessitating a cost-cutting exercise .
however , there had been a fall in profits [needing] a cost-cutting exercise .

Within these figures there have been peaks as high as 51,000 , necessitating the short-term use of military camps to contain the new army of prisoners .
within these figures there have been peaks as high as 51,000 , [needing] the short-term use of military camps to contain the new army of prisoners .

Bridge two at Keighley was still under repair thus necessitating a cautious exit from the station by all trains .
bridge two at keighley was still under repair thus [needing] a cautious exit from the station by all trains .

This interpretation squares up with the survey 's finding that people were most likely to apply the critical comment ‘ you feel you 'd never finish paying ’ to the two types of credit which , though not in themselves necessitating long repayment schedules , tend to be associated with the larger loans which would impose long schedules on a ‘ rationed ’ consumer .
this interpretation squares up with the survey 's finding that people were most likely to apply the critical comment ‘ you feel you 'd never finish paying ’ to the two types of credit which , though not in themselves [needing] long repayment schedules , tend to be associated with the larger loans which would impose long schedules on a ‘ rationed ’ consumer .

If materials for different contracts are included on the same order this may well lead to the supplier repeating the presentation on the invoice , thus necessitating a split before costing .
if materials for different contracts are included on the same order this may well lead to the supplier repeating the presentation on the invoice , thus [needing] a split before costing .

's figures on the basis of average accesses per retrieval ; it appears from the curves that consecutive spill is only useful for larger bucket sizes , but the figures are misleading , as the chained overflow was to a separate file area , necessitating head movement .
's figures on the basis of average accesses per retrieval ; it appears from the curves that consecutive spill is only useful for larger bucket sizes , but the figures are misleading , as the chained overflow was to a separate file area , [needing] head movement .

Technological changes are also affecting not only the content of professional work , necessitating new competences such as computing , but even the structure of professions , in terms of the relationship between the generic practitioner and the specialist technician whose power grows with the growth of specialized technology in medicine , management and other fields .
technological changes are also affecting not only the content of professional work , [needing] new competences such as computing , but even the structure of professions , in terms of the relationship between the generic practitioner and the specialist technician whose power grows with the growth of specialized technology in medicine , management and other fields .

If these then need to be accessed via tree searches ( a structure not particularly suited to virtual paging mechanisms ) , more paging will result , necessitating many disc accesses , possibly not many less than would be required in a pure disc-based file system .
if these then need to be accessed via tree searches ( a structure not particularly suited to virtual paging mechanisms ) , more paging will result , [needing] many disc accesses , possibly not many less than would be required in a pure disc-based file system .

Finally , recording — ‘ negation of a negation ’ — returns us to the ear , registering sound rather than notational schemes , turning performers into composers and composers into performers , and necessitating improvisation and empirical collective production .
finally , recording — ‘ negation of a negation ’ — returns us to the ear , registering sound rather than notational schemes , turning performers into composers and composers into performers , and [needing] improvisation and empirical collective production .

By a notice of appeal dated 24 December 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the Act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .
by a notice of appeal dated 24 december 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed [needing] the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .

One interpretation would see fairness as simply fitting into an adjudicative framework and not necessitating the development of non-adjudicative procedures .
one interpretation would see fairness as simply fitting into an adjudicative framework and not [needing] the development of non-adjudicative procedures .

The ground was waterlogged , necessitating constant pumping , so that progress was very slow ; but by April 1874 the job was considered done .
the ground was waterlogged , [needing] constant pumping , so that progress was very slow ; but by april 1874 the job was considered done .

They were both periods when the presidency was in the hands of the Democrats and the programmes necessitating large growth in the bureaucracy were social-welfare policies of the type embraced by liberals .
they were both periods when the presidency was in the hands of the democrats and the programmes [needing] large growth in the bureaucracy were social-welfare policies of the type embraced by liberals .

The new design results from the transition to transverse engines on the Safrane , necessitating a very compact gearbox layout .
the new design results from the transition to transverse engines on the safrane , [needing] a very compact gearbox layout .

State succession was also omitted from the Vienna Convention , necessitating the subsequent Vienna Convention on State Succession .
state succession was also omitted from the vienna convention , [needing] the subsequent vienna convention on state succession .

Furthermore , when the king-duke died , his eldest son would succeed to the English throne , thus necessitating a new transfer of Aquitaine .
furthermore , when the king-duke died , his eldest son would succeed to the english throne , thus [needing] a new transfer of aquitaine .

Edinburgh University 's Director of Finance had made a cumulative forecasting error of £1.5 million per annum over four years , thus necessitating the sale .
edinburgh university 's director of finance had made a cumulative forecasting error of £1.5 million per annum over four years , thus [needing] the sale .

In monopoly situations , where there is no competition , what has been called `` Inefficiency `` ( Leibenstein , 1966 ; Crew , Jones-Lee and Rowley , 1971 ) can be claimed to arise without necessitating exit .
in monopoly situations , where there is no competition , what has been called `` inefficiency `` ( leibenstein , 1966 ; crew , jones-lee and rowley , 1971 ) can be claimed to arise without [needing] exit .

Debate focused on the question of whether the Meiji Restoration was a bourgeois revolution , albeit with remnants of feudalism persisting , in which case activists should work for a proletarian revolution ; or whether it was an incomplete bourgeois revolution , necessitating a two-stage revolution in the future .
debate focused on the question of whether the meiji restoration was a bourgeois revolution , albeit with remnants of feudalism persisting , in which case activists should work for a proletarian revolution ; or whether it was an incomplete bourgeois revolution , [needing] a two-stage revolution in the future .

There was a widely held view amongst sentencers at the time that these powers were too limited ; while the furtherance of types of punishment not necessitating the deprival of liberty had been a perennial cause of penal reformers .
there was a widely held view amongst sentencers at the time that these powers were too limited ; while the furtherance of types of punishment not [needing] the deprival of liberty had been a perennial cause of penal reformers .

Reading is a problem-solving activity , necessitating an active engagement with the text , an expectation of meaning , and the use of all cueing systems — grapho-phonemic , syntactic and semantic .
reading is a problem-solving activity , [needing] an active engagement with the text , an expectation of meaning , and the use of all cueing systems — grapho-phonemic , syntactic and semantic .

The objector must be distinguished sharply from someone who merely attributes to us some particular idea of a particular necessitating circumstance for the effect , some particular idea of what was included in the circumstance for the candle smell , and believes that the circumstance included more .
the objector must be distinguished sharply from someone who merely attributes to us some particular idea of a particular [needing] circumstance for the effect , some particular idea of what was included in the circumstance for the candle smell , and believes that the circumstance included more .

There was no necessitating circumstance whatever for the appearance .
there was no [needing] circumstance whatever for the appearance .

It relates to the very distinction between standard and other effects , and depends on what that distinction grants , that we sometimes speak of decisions and the like as effects without supposing that they issue from causal circumstances , which by definition are necessitating circumstances .
it relates to the very distinction between standard and other effects , and depends on what that distinction grants , that we sometimes speak of decisions and the like as effects without supposing that they issue from causal circumstances , which by definition are [needing] circumstances .

However , the need for energy is increased by stress or illness , necessitating a corresponding increase in the amount of rest required .
however , the need for energy is increased by stress or illness , [needing] a corresponding increase in the amount of rest required .

In practice some of the steps will be carried out in parallel and the process may be iterative , with new information necessitating the review of previous analysis and decisions .
in practice some of the steps will be carried out in parallel and the process may be iterative , with new information [needing] the review of previous analysis and decisions .

According to the reports an explosion caused by staff negligence had destroyed a nuclear waste dump , spreading radioactive particles downwind of the Kyshtym plant for over 100 km and necessitating the evacuation of more than 10,000 people .
according to the reports an explosion caused by staff negligence had destroyed a nuclear waste dump , spreading radioactive particles downwind of the kyshtym plant for over 100 km and [needing] the evacuation of more than 10,000 people .

At the same time natural resource depletion is necessitating rapid development of Siberian energy and raw material sources .
at the same time natural resource depletion is [needing] rapid development of siberian energy and raw material sources .

Transferred calls have subsequently been found to have been dropped , necessitating the caller dialling again .
transferred calls have subsequently been found to have been dropped , [needing] the caller dialling again .

It is worth remembering that only one boat in the tottering Polaris fleet is working ; serious cracks in the cooling systems of the other boats are necessitating a great deal of expenditure and causing much anxiety to the Ministry of Defence .
it is worth remembering that only one boat in the tottering polaris fleet is working ; serious cracks in the cooling systems of the other boats are [needing] a great deal of expenditure and causing much anxiety to the ministry of defence .

Surprisingly there is now one spot in the timetable when there are two passenger trains in Aberystwyth at the same time , necessitating shunting in the station to the centre road or run round and shunt token working with Borth as the intermediate point .
surprisingly there is now one spot in the timetable when there are two passenger trains in aberystwyth at the same time , [needing] shunting in the station to the centre road or run round and shunt token working with borth as the intermediate point .

Cards separated from bouquets — necessitating diplomatic thank-you 's .
cards separated from bouquets — [needing] diplomatic thank-you 's .

It is also important that the thin sections counted are representative of the sequence studied , thus necessitating preliminary overviews of the thin sections .
it is also important that the thin sections counted are representative of the sequence studied , thus [needing] preliminary overviews of the thin sections .

Any site in the gastrointestinal tract can be affected , although the colon is the commonest and two cases of colonic perforation necessitating colectomy have been described .
any site in the gastrointestinal tract can be affected , although the colon is the commonest and two cases of colonic perforation [needing] colectomy have been described .

During the next 10 years the patient suffered bouts of subacute obstruction and frequent faecal impaction with admissions for abdominal pain , absolute constipation , and vomiting , necessitating left extended hemicolectomy at the age of 22 .
during the next 10 years the patient suffered bouts of subacute obstruction and frequent faecal impaction with admissions for abdominal pain , absolute constipation , and vomiting , [needing] left extended hemicolectomy at the age of 22 .

But when thrifts went bust in their hundreds in 1989 , necessitating a federal rescue that could cost the taxpayer $ 500 billion or more over the next 30 years , the goalposts were abruptly moved for junk borrowers , too .
but when thrifts went bust in their hundreds in 1989 , [needing] a federal rescue that could cost the taxpayer $ 500 billion or more over the next 30 years , the goalposts were abruptly moved for junk borrowers , too .

On balance it has been an enjoyable task and a great privilege to undertake on behalf of the Club necessitating searches through some 4,000 documents , including old copies of the Standard back to 1895 .
on balance it has been an enjoyable task and a great privilege to undertake on behalf of the club [needing] searches through some 4,000 documents , including old copies of the standard back to 1895 .

The insight , particularly in psycholinguistics , that the linear sequence was contrived through a hierarchical logic necessitating feedback , came as a revolution .
the insight , particularly in psycholinguistics , that the linear sequence was contrived through a hierarchical logic [needing] feedback , came as a revolution .

Some of these species feed far offshore , necessitating very long foraging trips ( up to 300 m ) .
some of these species feed far offshore , [needing] very long foraging trips ( up to 300 m ) .

He argues that matrilineal troops of primates arise where the preferred primary foods such as ripe fruits occur in clumps , necessitating competition , and that coalitions of female kin increase the feeding possibilities for related individuals ( cf .
he argues that matrilineal troops of primates arise where the preferred primary foods such as ripe fruits occur in clumps , [needing] competition , and that coalitions of female kin increase the feeding possibilities for related individuals ( cf .

It is important to differentiate between timbers which have been so badly eaten that their strength has been reduced , necessitating replacement , and those which , though damaged , still contain enough sound wood to continue their original jobs .
it is important to differentiate between timbers which have been so badly eaten that their strength has been reduced , [needing] replacement , and those which , though damaged , still contain enough sound wood to continue their original jobs .

As an illustration of how it can occur , the field-worker was told of an incident in which a driver was asked to stop for failing to wear a seat-belt , upon which he sped off , necessitating a car chase , which eventually ended with two cars being wrecked and a policeman injured .
as an illustration of how it can occur , the field-worker was told of an incident in which a driver was asked to stop for failing to wear a seat-belt , upon which he sped off , [needing] a car chase , which eventually ended with two cars being wrecked and a policeman injured .

Had we stayed longer at that depth , necessitating a stop , it would have been shown on the bar graph ( deco stop ceiling ) and the main display for the duration of that stop .
had we stayed longer at that depth , [needing] a stop , it would have been shown on the bar graph ( deco stop ceiling ) and the main display for the duration of that stop .

But twin-sided stations became a problem , with the increasing volume of traffic necessitating extra intermediate platform and presenting difficulties of access .
but twin-sided stations became a problem , with the increasing volume of traffic [needing] extra intermediate platform and presenting difficulties of access .

The judges could complicate matters by ordering that the outcome of the deals be reversed , necessitating a mind-numbing series of calculations by the City .
the judges could complicate matters by ordering that the outcome of the deals be reversed , [needing] a mind-numbing series of calculations by the city .

The journey , arranged and paid for by Baron Grimm , was by the slowest means necessitating lengthy stops , where Mozart had to pay living expenses .
the journey , arranged and paid for by baron grimm , was by the slowest means [needing] lengthy stops , where mozart had to pay living expenses .

( vii ) The achievement of a new State transforms a national liberation movement into something quite different , necessitating quite often a change of leadership , of support groups , of style and programme .
( vii ) the achievement of a new state transforms a national liberation movement into something quite different , [needing] quite often a change of leadership , of support groups , of style and programme .

However , this did not turn out to be such a cheap solution in the long run , since it set up conditions of even greater instability , necessitating repeated operations every two years.5 Major work on the river Taff and the river Usk in South Wales , carried out in the early 1980s , has precipitated extensive and unforeseen repair bills .
however , this did not turn out to be such a cheap solution in the long run , since it set up conditions of even greater instability , [needing] repeated operations every two years.5 major work on the river taff and the river usk in south wales , carried out in the early 1980s , has precipitated extensive and unforeseen repair bills .

Commission vice-president Martin Bangemann explained that the measure had been framed under Single Market ‘ fast-track ’ procedures in which final approval is subject to qualified majority in the Council of Ministers on matters necessitating a high level of public protection .
commission vice-president martin bangemann explained that the measure had been framed under single market ‘ fast-track ’ procedures in which final approval is subject to qualified majority in the council of ministers on matters [needing] a high level of public protection .

According to Earth Report ( 1988 ) , some 100 million t of nutrient-rich silt were deposited annually in the pre-Aswan period but is now reduced to just a few tomes per year , necessitating extensive fertiliser use at considerable cost and , presumably , inviting long-term eutrophication problems that characterise many developing countries ( section 6.3.1 ) .
according to earth report ( 1988 ) , some 100 million t of nutrient-rich silt were deposited annually in the pre-aswan period but is now reduced to just a few tomes per year , [needing] extensive fertiliser use at considerable cost and , presumably , inviting long-term eutrophication problems that characterise many developing countries ( section 6.3.1 ) .

Hadley ( 1985 ) also documents the poor success rates of many development projects in African savannas where , overall , crop and arable production have grown by only 2 per cent , necessitating a massive increase in food imports .
hadley ( 1985 ) also documents the poor success rates of many development projects in african savannas where , overall , crop and arable production have grown by only 2 per cent , [needing] a massive increase in food imports .

They reported on 19th October , 1854 that subsidence had occurred in the eastern part of the Foreign Office necessitating a new foundation and rebuilt front wall .
they reported on 19th october , 1854 that subsidence had occurred in the eastern part of the foreign office [needing] a new foundation and rebuilt front wall .

The generation expenditures vary in each of the scenarios change for at least three reasons : ( 1 ) the size of the allowance bank made possible by early reductions driven , in part , by program spending prior to the introduction of the caps ; ( 2 ) the varying levels of demand for electricity over time , resulting in changes in the overall mix of generation resources ; and , ( 3 ) the gradual reduction in the banked allowances available for withdrawal necessitating additional actions to reduce emissions .
the generation expenditures vary in each of the scenarios change for at least three reasons : ( 1 ) the size of the allowance bank made possible by early reductions driven , in part , by program spending prior to the introduction of the caps ; ( 2 ) the varying levels of demand for electricity over time , resulting in changes in the overall mix of generation resources ; and , ( 3 ) the gradual reduction in the banked allowances available for withdrawal [needing] additional actions to reduce emissions .

