Nevertheless , `` we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available funds '' , the jurors said .
[in any case] , `` we feel that in the future fulton county should receive some portion of these available funds '' , the jurors said .

He said his plan is designed to `` meet the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the taxpayers' expense , but who are nevertheless staggered by the drain on their savings -- or those of their children -- caused by an extended hospital stay '' .
he said his plan is designed to `` meet the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the taxpayers' expense , but who are [in any case] staggered by the drain on their savings -- or those of their children -- caused by an extended hospital stay '' .

The impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite Mr. Rusk's personal popularity , that the United States delegation came to Oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots .
the impression has [in any case] been given during these three days , despite mr. rusk's personal popularity , that the united states delegation came to oslo in a somewhat tentative and exploratory frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to enunciate firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots .

This is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times , but is nevertheless worth your appraisal .
this is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times , but is [in any case] worth your appraisal .

Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order .
yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are [in any case] certain suggestions which seem to be in order .

If this choice is less exciting than New York Democrats may wish , it nevertheless must be made .
if this choice is less exciting than new york democrats may wish , it [in any case] must be made .

Falling somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future .
falling somewhere in a category between einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , [in any case] -- is the tropical green `` city '' of islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future .

Nevertheless , it will seem funny to have to send for a mechanic to improve conversation .
[in any case] , it will seem funny to have to send for a mechanic to improve conversation .

Nevertheless , we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A. on the health problem confronting the aged .
[in any case] , we wonder at the stand of the a.m.a. on the health problem confronting the aged .

Then , to conclude on an indeterminate note : `` Nevertheless , if fallout increased substantially , or remained high for a long time , it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world '' .
then , to conclude on an indeterminate note : `` [in any case] , if fallout increased substantially , or remained high for a long time , it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world '' .

Nevertheless , the musicality , accuracy and infectious charm of these performances , excellently reproduced , make it an attractive look-see at the period .
[in any case] , the musicality , accuracy and infectious charm of these performances , excellently reproduced , make it an attractive look-see at the period .

Nevertheless , Montgomery has stated courageously and wisely the crisis of the Western world .
[in any case] , montgomery has stated courageously and wisely the crisis of the western world .

Yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over Salem .
yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is [in any case] left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over salem .

In this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of Irish Catholics , priests and laity , in England , while certainly seen as good for Catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic English Catholics , especially when these Irishmen offer to remind their Christian brethren of this good .
in this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of irish catholics , priests and laity , in england , while certainly seen as good for catholicism , is [in any case] a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic english catholics , especially when these irishmen offer to remind their christian brethren of this good .

And even as she , having indeed a husband , Adam , but being nevertheless as yet a virgin , having become disobedient , was made the cause of death , both to herself and to the entire human race ; ;
and even as she , having indeed a husband , adam , but being [in any case] as yet a virgin , having become disobedient , was made the cause of death , both to herself and to the entire human race ; ;

so also did Mary , having a man betrothed ( to her ) , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' .
so also did mary , having a man betrothed ( to her ) , and being [in any case] a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' .

Nevertheless , even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God , and he still rules .
[in any case] , even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to god , and he still rules .

Nevertheless , we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace ; ;
[in any case] , we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace ; ;

Nevertheless , according to the traditional theory , a man begins in the midst of action and he analyzes its nature and immediate consequences before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences .
[in any case] , according to the traditional theory , a man begins in the midst of action and he analyzes its nature and immediate consequences before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences .

Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ;
[in any case] , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ;

It's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth rotate on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is , nevertheless , a science .
it's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth rotate on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is , [in any case] , a science .

Nevertheless , it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire , where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned .
[in any case] , it remained one of the most splendid churches of the eastern empire , where the byzantine emperors were crowned .

Nevertheless , Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties : the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World -- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America -- the avant-garde Paris of Diaghileff , Stravinsky , Koussevitzky , Cocteau , Picasso -- the laissez-faire Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art -- the Paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms .
[in any case] , prokofieff was much influenced by paris during the twenties : the paris which was the artistic center of the western world -- the social paris to which russian aristocracy migrated -- the chic paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich america -- the avant-garde paris of diaghileff , stravinsky , koussevitzky , cocteau , picasso -- the laissez-faire paris of dadaism and ultramodern art -- the paris sympathique which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms .

This , plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior design to the many subjects of their home economics department , yet , nevertheless , claiming that they teach interior design , has contributed to the low repute of many university courses in interior design .
this , plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior design to the many subjects of their home economics department , yet , [in any case] , claiming that they teach interior design , has contributed to the low repute of many university courses in interior design .

Nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja vue , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists .
[in any case] , there are notably frequent instances of deja vue , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists .

Nevertheless so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to Fort Daer for food .
[in any case] so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to fort daer for food .

Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and Sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk .
[in any case] , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the steinbecks and sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk .

Nevertheless , most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple .
[in any case] , most of the teen-agers i interviewed believed in maintaining their jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple .

Nevertheless , Palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at King's Chapel to formalize the emancipation .
[in any case] , palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at king's chapel to formalize the emancipation .

Nevertheless , it is from the Selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for furthering the broader interests of the trade .
[in any case] , it is from the selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for furthering the broader interests of the trade .

Nevertheless , it may be helpful to cite one example -- that of employment -- for , as will be shown below , it cuts across both facets of the new concept .
[in any case] , it may be helpful to cite one example -- that of employment -- for , as will be shown below , it cuts across both facets of the new concept .

Nevertheless , nationalism and sovereignty are reputed , in the accepted wisdom , to describe the modern world .
[in any case] , nationalism and sovereignty are reputed , in the accepted wisdom , to describe the modern world .

This almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive , for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war .
this almost trivial example is [in any case] suggestive , for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war .

Nevertheless I was curious .
[in any case] i was curious .

Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War .
without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the sartoris and the compson families faulkner's chief concern is social criticism , we can say [in any case] that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the civil war .

Nevertheless , in another way modern historians still labor in the vineyard of the Oxford school .
[in any case] , in another way modern historians still labor in the vineyard of the oxford school .

This is nevertheless a minority view .
this is [in any case] a minority view .

But it is true , nevertheless .
but it is true , [in any case] .

Nevertheless , Mrs. Lewis was still solicitous of his condition : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with chambermaids if he must , but , she begged Blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health .
[in any case] , mrs. lewis was still solicitous of his condition : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with chambermaids if he must , but , she begged blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health .

Thus science is the savior of mankind , and in this respect Childhood's End only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which , though not always so directly stated , has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers .
thus science is the savior of mankind , and in this respect childhood's end only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which , though not always so directly stated , has [in any case] been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers .

Nevertheless , with all these qualifications and exceptions , the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology , instead of bringing utopia , may well enslave , dehumanize , and even destroy men .
[in any case] , with all these qualifications and exceptions , the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology , instead of bringing utopia , may well enslave , dehumanize , and even destroy men .

Stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there .
stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are [in any case] there .

But there is , nevertheless , always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held .
but there is , [in any case] , always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held .

Nevertheless , we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing .
[in any case] , we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing .

Although Sam Rayburn affects a gruff exterior in many instances , nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition .
although sam rayburn affects a gruff exterior in many instances , [in any case] he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition .

Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board .
[in any case] he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board .

Nevertheless , they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use Marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase .
[in any case] , they made naught of marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase .

There are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege .
there are , [in any case] , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege .

Nevertheless , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients .
[in any case] , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients .

Nevertheless , with foresight and careful planning , some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped .
[in any case] , with foresight and careful planning , some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped .

Nevertheless , impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices .
[in any case] , impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices .

Nevertheless , for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies , though less for the less religious portion , religion does perform certain modal individual and social functions .
[in any case] , for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies , though less for the less religious portion , religion does perform certain modal individual and social functions .

Nevertheless , the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings .
[in any case] , the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings .

It was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies , and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other .
it was [in any case] almost incredible that four years after yalta there should be a complete split over germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the germans against their former allies , and with nazi-minded germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other .

Most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions .
most skilled industrial workers , [in any case] , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions .

We now know that things rarely ever work out in such cut-and-dried fashion , and that car loadings , while perhaps interesting enough , are nevertheless not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn .
we now know that things rarely ever work out in such cut-and-dried fashion , and that car loadings , while perhaps interesting enough , are [in any case] not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn .

Nevertheless , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at all .
[in any case] , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at all .

The Court , nevertheless , relied on the Seaboard case and also mentioned that the shareholders of the two corporations were the same .
the court , [in any case] , relied on the seaboard case and also mentioned that the shareholders of the two corporations were the same .

It is disconcerting , nevertheless , to read in a labor weekly , `` Perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' .
it is disconcerting , [in any case] , to read in a labor weekly , `` perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' .

Even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated , should we nevertheless support such a clause ? ?
even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the attorney general to act was eliminated , should we [in any case] support such a clause ? ?

Nevertheless , their conclusions and recommendations cannot please everybody , and they often represent a particular economic or political point of view .
[in any case] , their conclusions and recommendations cannot please everybody , and they often represent a particular economic or political point of view .

Nevertheless , because the Cost Section has felt impelled to make some kind of a distribution of total costs , it has apportioned this residue , which it sometimes calls `` burden '' , among the units of carload traffic on a basis ( partly ton , partly ton-mile ) which is concededly quite arbitrary from the standpoint of cost determination .
[in any case] , because the cost section has felt impelled to make some kind of a distribution of total costs , it has apportioned this residue , which it sometimes calls `` burden '' , among the units of carload traffic on a basis ( partly ton , partly ton-mile ) which is concededly quite arbitrary from the standpoint of cost determination .

Nevertheless I consider it reasonable , because of my commitment as an artist , to assume that the rights and responsibilities of creative individuals are related to humanity as a whole rather than to specific geo-political interests .
[in any case] i consider it reasonable , because of my commitment as an artist , to assume that the rights and responsibilities of creative individuals are related to humanity as a whole rather than to specific geo-political interests .

Time-servers , though the periphrastic expressions are , they may nevertheless be handsome or ironic or humorous .
time-servers , though the periphrastic expressions are , they may [in any case] be handsome or ironic or humorous .

Nickel-iron meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial explosion craters may nevertheless melt only small quantities of material .
nickel-iron meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial explosion craters may [in any case] melt only small quantities of material .

But nevertheless it looked respectable .
but [in any case] it looked respectable .

Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth's financial background .
[in any case] , he made a mental note to look into garth's financial background .

`` Nevertheless it's true '' .
`` [in any case] it's true '' .

`` Nevertheless , you were its agent .
`` [in any case] , you were its agent .

but the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics nevertheless did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban , and a sort of provisional acceptance of each other's good intentions on this limited question .
but the united states and the union of soviet socialist republics [in any case] did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban , and a sort of provisional acceptance of each other's good intentions on this limited question .

Nevertheless , she continued to move upward .
[in any case] , she continued to move upward .

Nevertheless , there is no bath .
[in any case] , there is no bath .

Nevertheless , like any other human being upon whom the spotlight of the world plays continually , Khrushchev , the anti-personality cultist , has become a comic actor , or thinks he has .
[in any case] , like any other human being upon whom the spotlight of the world plays continually , khrushchev , the anti-personality cultist , has become a comic actor , or thinks he has .

Nevertheless , up-to-date facilities for inmates should also help staff .
[in any case] , up-to-date facilities for inmates should also help staff .

Nevertheless , up-to-date facilities for inmates should also help staff .
[in any case] , up-to-date facilities for inmates should also help staff .

Nevertheless it was Webb and Bath who made their mark first , with a neat series of passes over on the right .
[in any case] it was webb and bath who made their mark first , with a neat series of passes over on the right .

Nevertheless the promoters have already taken action .
[in any case] the promoters have already taken action .

Nevertheless , the Merchant Ivory team , now celebrating a 30 year partnership , are pleased with the film .
[in any case] , the merchant ivory team , now celebrating a 30 year partnership , are pleased with the film .

An astigmatism has hampered her recovery … nevertheless today she 's having more laser treatment to improve the sight in her left eye .
an astigmatism has hampered her recovery … [in any case] today she 's having more laser treatment to improve the sight in her left eye .

An astigmatism has hampered her recovery ; nevertheless , today she 's having more laser treatment to improve the sight in her left eye .
an astigmatism has hampered her recovery ; [in any case] , today she 's having more laser treatment to improve the sight in her left eye .

Nevertheless out came some of the most astonishing , though very practical ways to both have your cake and eat it .
[in any case] out came some of the most astonishing , though very practical ways to both have your cake and eat it .

Nevertheless Mr King says it would be much worse under Labour .
[in any case] mr king says it would be much worse under labour .

Nevertheless , he added , it had failed to take the necessary steps to prevent an escape of rainbow trout .
[in any case] , he added , it had failed to take the necessary steps to prevent an escape of rainbow trout .

Nevertheless , it 's our belief that through health promotion programmes which involve cooperation with communities themselves , that we can in fact do as much as we possibly can do to actually alleviate some of the erm differences in health status .
[in any case] , it 's our belief that through health promotion programmes which involve cooperation with communities themselves , that we can in fact do as much as we possibly can do to actually alleviate some of the erm differences in health status .

They used up all their goals against Oldham did n't they , two weeks ago when they did n't force any corners at all in the match ; scored five goals nevertheless .
they used up all their goals against oldham did n't they , two weeks ago when they did n't force any corners at all in the match ; scored five goals [in any case] .

but nevertheless it 's better the devil you know !
but [in any case] it 's better the devil you know !

Nevertheless , Labour and Tory Euro-MPs were incensed by the suggestion and Labour front-benchers said they will block the bill when it returns to the Commons next Monday until they receive clarification from the Government of its intentions .
[in any case] , labour and tory euro-mps were incensed by the suggestion and labour front-benchers said they will block the bill when it returns to the commons next monday until they receive clarification from the government of its intentions .

Nevertheless he has not been slow to seize on the results of such paperwork and the publication of tables , which have shown Edinburgh 's research ranks in the top four British universities .
[in any case] he has not been slow to seize on the results of such paperwork and the publication of tables , which have shown edinburgh 's research ranks in the top four british universities .

Gordon Carlisle , chairman of the Law Society of Scotland 's planning committee , and a partner in Glasgow firm McClure Naismith Anderson & Gardiner , said : ‘ The result was going to be something nobody could rely on but which would , nevertheless , affect land values and cause blight .
gordon carlisle , chairman of the law society of scotland 's planning committee , and a partner in glasgow firm mcclure naismith anderson & gardiner , said : ‘ the result was going to be something nobody could rely on but which would , [in any case] , affect land values and cause blight .

In a speech to members of the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce , Sir Leon said the country would face isolation from other Community nations , who would nevertheless wield power over the domestic economy and possibly over national security .
in a speech to members of the liverpool chamber of commerce , sir leon said the country would face isolation from other community nations , who would [in any case] wield power over the domestic economy and possibly over national security .

Sentencing McPherson , the judge , Lord Cameron , said he accepted that McPherson had been in some part less responsible for the violence to Mr O'Donnell that evening , but added : ‘ Nevertheless you played a full part in luring him into the hands of those who were responsible for repeated acts of a bizarre and terrible character upon him . ’
sentencing mcpherson , the judge , lord cameron , said he accepted that mcpherson had been in some part less responsible for the violence to mr o'donnell that evening , but added : ‘ [in any case] you played a full part in luring him into the hands of those who were responsible for repeated acts of a bizarre and terrible character upon him . ’

Nevertheless , The Scotsman 's impressive survey of values among young people this week has produced some interesting if not particularly comforting facts .
[in any case] , the scotsman 's impressive survey of values among young people this week has produced some interesting if not particularly comforting facts .

They are nevertheless pleased not to see a greater erosion of their support after the collapse of Communism in Eastern Europe and the virtual disappearance of Communist parties in the West .
they are [in any case] pleased not to see a greater erosion of their support after the collapse of communism in eastern europe and the virtual disappearance of communist parties in the west .

It is reasonably safe , nevertheless , to assume that there will be a right-wing government of some sort , whatever its majority and precise complexion .
it is reasonably safe , [in any case] , to assume that there will be a right-wing government of some sort , whatever its majority and precise complexion .

There is , nevertheless , much hurt in the school at the wholly unwarranted campaign against its good name .
there is , [in any case] , much hurt in the school at the wholly unwarranted campaign against its good name .

Nevertheless , when asked about the way the societies sold insurance , 49 per cent of customers said they trusted their society to sell them only those products and services which were in the customers ' best interests .
[in any case] , when asked about the way the societies sold insurance , 49 per cent of customers said they trusted their society to sell them only those products and services which were in the customers ' best interests .

Nevertheless the continued growth in unemployment is bad news for retailers in the longer term .
[in any case] the continued growth in unemployment is bad news for retailers in the longer term .

But let me tell you now about just a few of those entries which did not make it to the final but which , nevertheless , had several redeeming features .
but let me tell you now about just a few of those entries which did not make it to the final but which , [in any case] , had several redeeming features .

While such accounts may lack the flexibility of traditional savings accounts and are not intended to be a substitute , they do , nevertheless , offer better rates of interest on smaller investments as well as a cheque book facility for transferring funds .
while such accounts may lack the flexibility of traditional savings accounts and are not intended to be a substitute , they do , [in any case] , offer better rates of interest on smaller investments as well as a cheque book facility for transferring funds .

Nevertheless , Save & Prosper officials , themselves , say you should put no more than 5 per cent of your savings into this fund .
[in any case] , save & prosper officials , themselves , say you should put no more than 5 per cent of your savings into this fund .

Perhaps the biggest surprise was the amount of fun the Fiesta provided on the latter type of roads , thanks to a willing engine and gearbox , precise if slightly heavy steering and those narrow tyres which , nevertheless , provided exactly the right amount of grip .
perhaps the biggest surprise was the amount of fun the fiesta provided on the latter type of roads , thanks to a willing engine and gearbox , precise if slightly heavy steering and those narrow tyres which , [in any case] , provided exactly the right amount of grip .

’ Nevertheless , the good news will bring some welcome relief to those homeowners who have been waiting for the best part of 1991 to sell their home .
’ [in any case] , the good news will bring some welcome relief to those homeowners who have been waiting for the best part of 1991 to sell their home .

Nevertheless he extended his apologies to residents of Middleton in Teesdale .
[in any case] he extended his apologies to residents of middleton in teesdale .

The seasonally adjusted total was nevertheless better than expected .
the seasonally adjusted total was [in any case] better than expected .

Nevertheless , the prime reason for the Bundesbank 's decision to go ahead with an interest rate cut will have been the solidarity pact which was agreed last Saturday between Chancellor Kohl 's government and the opposition to put Germany 's post-unification finances on a sound footing and help the revival of eastern Germany .
[in any case] , the prime reason for the bundesbank 's decision to go ahead with an interest rate cut will have been the solidarity pact which was agreed last saturday between chancellor kohl 's government and the opposition to put germany 's post-unification finances on a sound footing and help the revival of eastern germany .

That is nevertheless only half their present number , and well under the 20 needed to form a recognised parliamentary group with the privileges that entails .
that is [in any case] only half their present number , and well under the 20 needed to form a recognised parliamentary group with the privileges that entails .

They nevertheless had difficulty in hiding their satisfied smiles .
they [in any case] had difficulty in hiding their satisfied smiles .

The UN-appointed mediator , Cyrus Vance , nevertheless saw the signing by Bosnia 's Muslim president , Alija Izetbegovic , as ‘ a major step ’ in the peace process .
the un-appointed mediator , cyrus vance , [in any case] saw the signing by bosnia 's muslim president , alija izetbegovic , as ‘ a major step ’ in the peace process .

It is , nevertheless a gem of an engine which , despite its muscle , works quietly at all speeds and , until the electronic cut-off kills the ignition system abruptly at 6,250 rpm , feels as though it will rev to astronomical figures .
it is , [in any case] a gem of an engine which , despite its muscle , works quietly at all speeds and , until the electronic cut-off kills the ignition system abruptly at 6,250 rpm , feels as though it will rev to astronomical figures .

Nevertheless , these unresolved problems concerning the ratification of the treaty are to some extent diverting attention from the more positive medium-term outlook .
[in any case] , these unresolved problems concerning the ratification of the treaty are to some extent diverting attention from the more positive medium-term outlook .

‘ Nevertheless , we believe that many farmers will decide there is no point in holding on to cattle if prices hold current levels .
‘ [in any case] , we believe that many farmers will decide there is no point in holding on to cattle if prices hold current levels .

Nevertheless , Mr Lamont has a long way to go before he can recover the confidence of Scottish business leaders .
[in any case] , mr lamont has a long way to go before he can recover the confidence of scottish business leaders .

Nevertheless , regional development grants worth as much as 25 per cent of the capital cost of setting up a plant are available in certain departements ( counties ) in the Rhone-Alpes region .
[in any case] , regional development grants worth as much as 25 per cent of the capital cost of setting up a plant are available in certain departements ( counties ) in the rhone-alpes region .

Slightly quaint-sounding in the age of multinationals , corporate image consultancy and power dressing , it nevertheless conveys a familial sense of respect mixed with affection .
slightly quaint-sounding in the age of multinationals , corporate image consultancy and power dressing , it [in any case] conveys a familial sense of respect mixed with affection .

Nevertheless , he was clinically frank in his analysis of his side 's shortcomings on Saturday night .
[in any case] , he was clinically frank in his analysis of his side 's shortcomings on saturday night .

Nevertheless , Stevenson is sensitive to the overseas threat to the Scottish textiles and woollens industries .
[in any case] , stevenson is sensitive to the overseas threat to the scottish textiles and woollens industries .

It was a scrappy contest but nevertheless exciting as the news of the England disaster filtered through .
it was a scrappy contest but [in any case] exciting as the news of the england disaster filtered through .

Nevertheless , the Ibrox fixture is part of a carefully-planned World Cup build-up which provides some real challenges to Vogts 's side .
[in any case] , the ibrox fixture is part of a carefully-planned world cup build-up which provides some real challenges to vogts 's side .

The coach 's argument , however well meaning in support of Roxburgh , is nevertheless flawed .
the coach 's argument , however well meaning in support of roxburgh , is [in any case] flawed .

Acknowledging that the church in the past has failed to give women sufficient power , Bishop Sessford nevertheless takes his stand firmly against a female priesthood .
acknowledging that the church in the past has failed to give women sufficient power , bishop sessford [in any case] takes his stand firmly against a female priesthood .

Nevertheless , it 's probable that all 12 Premier clubs plus the winners and runners-up in the First Division will be involved in next season 's championship .
[in any case] , it 's probable that all 12 premier clubs plus the winners and runners-up in the first division will be involved in next season 's championship .

Nevertheless , the Scottish internationalist conceded that the last thing young Thomas lacked was self-belief .
[in any case] , the scottish internationalist conceded that the last thing young thomas lacked was self-belief .

But nevertheless some have ruthlessly taken advantage of them .
but [in any case] some have ruthlessly taken advantage of them .

Nevertheless , a totally one-sided match had a deceptively close scoreline that temporarily upset Scotland and caused them to look confused as half time arrived .
[in any case] , a totally one-sided match had a deceptively close scoreline that temporarily upset scotland and caused them to look confused as half time arrived .

Roxburgh nevertheless emphasised the positive aspects of Scotland 's win .
roxburgh [in any case] emphasised the positive aspects of scotland 's win .

Rangers nevertheless extended their lead over Aberdeen in the championship to ten points after a performance which had seemed destined to go unrewarded before the floodgates opened .
rangers [in any case] extended their lead over aberdeen in the championship to ten points after a performance which had seemed destined to go unrewarded before the floodgates opened .

Nevertheless , Mr Le Pen should not be under-estimated .
[in any case] , mr le pen should not be under-estimated .

The videos , which did not include the guts and gore of crashes , were nevertheless disturbing .
the videos , which did not include the guts and gore of crashes , were [in any case] disturbing .

Nevertheless , it would be remiss not to mention The Bannatyne Manuscript of 1568 which preserved about 450 Scottish poems , in Sir Walter Scott 's words , ‘ saving the literature of a nation ’ ; John Knox 's major work , The First Book of the History of the Reformation of Religion within the Realme of Scotland of 1587 ; and a 1745 autograph letter from Bonnie Prince Charlie ordering the Duke of Perth to ‘ surprise and seize the Castle of Stirling ’ .
[in any case] , it would be remiss not to mention the bannatyne manuscript of 1568 which preserved about 450 scottish poems , in sir walter scott 's words , ‘ saving the literature of a nation ’ ; john knox 's major work , the first book of the history of the reformation of religion within the realme of scotland of 1587 ; and a 1745 autograph letter from bonnie prince charlie ordering the duke of perth to ‘ surprise and seize the castle of stirling ’ .

Nevertheless , here she is again a vociferous pain to the last in a gripping production by Charlotta Martinus for a new and enterprising group called Confederate Spirits in a pub-theatre in North London , the Duke of Cambridge .
[in any case] , here she is again a vociferous pain to the last in a gripping production by charlotta martinus for a new and enterprising group called confederate spirits in a pub-theatre in north london , the duke of cambridge .

Nevertheless , it was a great relief when the band stood up , plugged in , and launched into some Muddy Waters .
[in any case] , it was a great relief when the band stood up , plugged in , and launched into some muddy waters .

With such singers , such music and such a story , Mr Alden 's approach seemed nevertheless too fanciful by half .
with such singers , such music and such a story , mr alden 's approach seemed [in any case] too fanciful by half .

Nevertheless , the recession has also sparked an upturn in the sales of Mills and Boon books .
[in any case] , the recession has also sparked an upturn in the sales of mills and boon books .

Nevertheless , those unfamiliar with the original Dutch version ( which is most people ) may find this a satisfying way to while away an evening .
[in any case] , those unfamiliar with the original dutch version ( which is most people ) may find this a satisfying way to while away an evening .

‘ In our dealings with North West companies we find that many have shown increases in productivity and earnings , even during the recession , proving that they have been able to compete effectively in the international arena , ’ she said , adding that there was nevertheless no room for complacency .
‘ in our dealings with north west companies we find that many have shown increases in productivity and earnings , even during the recession , proving that they have been able to compete effectively in the international arena , ’ she said , adding that there was [in any case] no room for complacency .

Nevertheless , Field Marshal Montgomery clinched to top prize to ensure that their name will go down in piping history as the only band to finish a season victorious in every contest .
[in any case] , field marshal montgomery clinched to top prize to ensure that their name will go down in piping history as the only band to finish a season victorious in every contest .

The bi-annual Ulster Cricketer ( £2 ) , jointly edited as usual by Clarence Hiles and Colin Berkley and the Irish Cricket Annual ( £4 ) edited by John Elder , are nevertheless interesting reads despite the lateness .
the bi-annual ulster cricketer ( £2 ) , jointly edited as usual by clarence hiles and colin berkley and the irish cricket annual ( £4 ) edited by john elder , are [in any case] interesting reads despite the lateness .

’ Nevertheless , he is confident that Derry can come out on top .
’ [in any case] , he is confident that derry can come out on top .

Nevertheless he must be worried about an attack that apart from Liam Coyle appears totally toothless .
[in any case] he must be worried about an attack that apart from liam coyle appears totally toothless .

Nevertheless , it was a jubilant team which returned from the match venue on the River Sorria in Portugal with the highest ever placing for an Irish team in this event .
[in any case] , it was a jubilant team which returned from the match venue on the river sorria in portugal with the highest ever placing for an irish team in this event .

Although rarely seen as an attacking force in the first half , the Whites , nevertheless , led 1–0 at half-time thanks to Billy Totten 's eighth minute goal , a tragedy for home keeper Declan Devine .
although rarely seen as an attacking force in the first half , the whites , [in any case] , led 1–0 at half-time thanks to billy totten 's eighth minute goal , a tragedy for home keeper declan devine .

Nevertheless , he will revamp his side .
[in any case] , he will revamp his side .

Nevertheless , she is delightfully forthright , alert and amusing .
[in any case] , she is delightfully forthright , alert and amusing .

After a few days its rightful owner came to collect it and informed her that it was in fact a ferret . Nevertheless she loved it just the same but had to sadly wave it goodbye , much to the relief of her cat who took a dim view of the competition !
after a few days its rightful owner came to collect it and informed her that it was in fact a ferret . [in any case] she loved it just the same but had to sadly wave it goodbye , much to the relief of her cat who took a dim view of the competition !

In ‘ Pride and Prejudice ’ Jane Austen describes a society in which women are considered to be chattels — independent-minded chattels , certainly , but nevertheless objects to be handed from man to man until they are suitably married .
in ‘ pride and prejudice ’ jane austen describes a society in which women are considered to be chattels — independent-minded chattels , certainly , but [in any case] objects to be handed from man to man until they are suitably married .

Always an independent spirit , Rita nevertheless acknowledges certain strong influences in her movement career — Edith , Molly , Rita Horton , and in Coburg , Jutta Holler-von der Trenck ; she believes that her feeling for the importance of expression in movement , and her interest in the choreographing of taped music derive from her contact with Christa Haring , whose classes in Contemporary Dramatic Dance she attended .
always an independent spirit , rita [in any case] acknowledges certain strong influences in her movement career — edith , molly , rita horton , and in coburg , jutta holler-von der trenck ; she believes that her feeling for the importance of expression in movement , and her interest in the choreographing of taped music derive from her contact with christa haring , whose classes in contemporary dramatic dance she attended .

Nevertheless , every zoo needs to be part of a federation . ‘ Zoo Check ’ was set up for a number of reasons , here are its six aims :
[in any case] , every zoo needs to be part of a federation . ‘ zoo check ’ was set up for a number of reasons , here are its six aims :

However , had the existence of such a beast been discussed , it would have been firmly suppressed by the elder girls and not discussed again , but they would all have had their won fears nevertheless , although these would be of a more ‘ normal ’ manner — the fear would be rational — in its causes at least , although perhaps irrational in its proportions .
however , had the existence of such a beast been discussed , it would have been firmly suppressed by the elder girls and not discussed again , but they would all have had their won fears [in any case] , although these would be of a more ‘ normal ’ manner — the fear would be rational — in its causes at least , although perhaps irrational in its proportions .

Our fund-raising has been just a little slower during the current year after the bumper total achieved in 1985 , but nevertheless it has been most gratifying that we continue to receive contributions from so many classes over a very wide area .
our fund-raising has been just a little slower during the current year after the bumper total achieved in 1985 , but [in any case] it has been most gratifying that we continue to receive contributions from so many classes over a very wide area .

Nevertheless , we need still more of you to encourage every Medau enthusiast or supporter to join the Society as a demonstration of faith in the lasting appeal of Medau work and the quality of training necessary to produce new teachers , both to maintain existing classes and to launch new ones , throughout the country .
[in any case] , we need still more of you to encourage every medau enthusiast or supporter to join the society as a demonstration of faith in the lasting appeal of medau work and the quality of training necessary to produce new teachers , both to maintain existing classes and to launch new ones , throughout the country .

Nevertheless he would hold with Hubert , that he knew .
[in any case] he would hold with hubert , that he knew .

Nevertheless his eyes had begun to gleam with an excitement that was unwilling to be lured into hope .
[in any case] his eyes had begun to gleam with an excitement that was unwilling to be lured into hope .

Llewelyn had been in council for several hours , and was no less weary ; nevertheless , he saw the labour and pain with which Owen bent his knee to him , and reached to take him up before he could complete his reverence .
llewelyn had been in council for several hours , and was no less weary ; [in any case] , he saw the labour and pain with which owen bent his knee to him , and reached to take him up before he could complete his reverence .

Nevertheless , it will be appreciated that , for example , in the census , the main obligation for accuracy rests on the head of the household , who may intentionally or unintentionally provide false information .
[in any case] , it will be appreciated that , for example , in the census , the main obligation for accuracy rests on the head of the household , who may intentionally or unintentionally provide false information .

Nevertheless , current grammatical freedom is unpalatable to many educated in a more rigid era .
[in any case] , current grammatical freedom is unpalatable to many educated in a more rigid era .

Nevertheless , such a link is often made even when this is not the case .
[in any case] , such a link is often made even when this is not the case .

Nevertheless , it is reasonable to pick out the following headings .
[in any case] , it is reasonable to pick out the following headings .

Nevertheless , critical evaluation must be attempted and , if difficulties remain , they should at least be identified and their likely effects recognized and , if possible , quantified .
[in any case] , critical evaluation must be attempted and , if difficulties remain , they should at least be identified and their likely effects recognized and , if possible , quantified .

To some extent the distinction is arbitrary , but still perhaps useful nevertheless .
to some extent the distinction is arbitrary , but still perhaps useful [in any case] .

During early 1990 $ 297m worth of securities were stolen from a City messenger and whilst a general alert went out should any unusual presentations for payment be made at maturity to minimise the risk of loss , it is nevertheless true that this kind of occurrence causes a certain difficulty due to the fact that invariably the instruments in question are bearer instruments .
during early 1990 $ 297m worth of securities were stolen from a city messenger and whilst a general alert went out should any unusual presentations for payment be made at maturity to minimise the risk of loss , it is [in any case] true that this kind of occurrence causes a certain difficulty due to the fact that invariably the instruments in question are bearer instruments .

There are nevertheless significant differences in the patterns of industrial action in the two companies , reflecting differences in the legal framework in Britain and Spain , and in the political context in which the two railways have operated .
there are [in any case] significant differences in the patterns of industrial action in the two companies , reflecting differences in the legal framework in britain and spain , and in the political context in which the two railways have operated .

The mechanization of the mine has already been carried to an admirable point … Nevertheless the per worker per month production of the mine is a lowly 14 tons in comparison with the usual 20 tons .
the mechanization of the mine has already been carried to an admirable point … [in any case] the per worker per month production of the mine is a lowly 14 tons in comparison with the usual 20 tons .

Nevertheless , the target was reached only a year late .
[in any case] , the target was reached only a year late .

Nevertheless , the progressively more complete operation of the system of pegged exchange rates between convertible currencies undoubtedly assisted the massive expansion of trade which occurred .
[in any case] , the progressively more complete operation of the system of pegged exchange rates between convertible currencies undoubtedly assisted the massive expansion of trade which occurred .

Nevertheless , employment grew faster in services as productivity rose more slowly ( although the measurement of output and hence productivity in many services is difficult ) .
[in any case] , employment grew faster in services as productivity rose more slowly ( although the measurement of output and hence productivity in many services is difficult ) .

But it is nevertheless worth looking at one market in some detail — that for grains .
but it is [in any case] worth looking at one market in some detail — that for grains .

Nevertheless persistent surpluses became a problem from 1948 onwards .
[in any case] persistent surpluses became a problem from 1948 onwards .

Nevertheless , inflation rose for some months , and production continued to grow in all major economies except the United States during the first half of 1974 .
[in any case] , inflation rose for some months , and production continued to grow in all major economies except the united states during the first half of 1974 .

But they looked supple , nevertheless .
but they looked supple , [in any case] .

Greg , relieved that the acid had n't been obtained locally , nevertheless was n't happy .
greg , relieved that the acid had n't been obtained locally , [in any case] was n't happy .

Nevertheless , it was during this period , just after her son was born , when Rose had opened her first shop .
[in any case] , it was during this period , just after her son was born , when rose had opened her first shop .

But nevertheless you know , if you could get it and you could manage it it will relieve the bloody boredom would n't it ?
but [in any case] you know , if you could get it and you could manage it it will relieve the bloody boredom would n't it ?

Continued on Page 3 Continued from Page 1 Nevertheless , Mr Evans has continued working at Merseyside 's other course , at Haydock Park , St Helens .
continued on page 3 continued from page 1 [in any case] , mr evans has continued working at merseyside 's other course , at haydock park , st helens .

Nevertheless , Mr Evans has continued working at Aintree 's sister course at Haydock .
[in any case] , mr evans has continued working at aintree 's sister course at haydock .

He was the Bears ' top scorer , a point better than his captain , Steve Regeling , who nevertheless maintained his excellent consistency .
he was the bears ' top scorer , a point better than his captain , steve regeling , who [in any case] maintained his excellent consistency .

He nevertheless ended the year ranked ninth in the world , with 17.43 metres , and can prepare for the Olympics safe in the knowledge that his event wo n't be held on a Sunday in Barcelona .
he [in any case] ended the year ranked ninth in the world , with 17.43 metres , and can prepare for the olympics safe in the knowledge that his event wo n't be held on a sunday in barcelona .

‘ Nevertheless , in our view by then , these weaknesses had done much to undermine the credibility of the system in the eyes of TECs . ’
‘ [in any case] , in our view by then , these weaknesses had done much to undermine the credibility of the system in the eyes of tecs . ’

Nevertheless , it was a thoroughly enjoyable evening with some excellent musicianship displayed .
[in any case] , it was a thoroughly enjoyable evening with some excellent musicianship displayed .

Nevertheless , the purse strings have been loosened sufficiently to provide a palatable enough feast .
[in any case] , the purse strings have been loosened sufficiently to provide a palatable enough feast .

And just as a bulldozer began clearing the coal , another demonstration of anger was taking shape at the unlikely venue of Cheltenham ; a town far removed from collieries and pits , but nevertheless a hotbed of outrage .
and just as a bulldozer began clearing the coal , another demonstration of anger was taking shape at the unlikely venue of cheltenham ; a town far removed from collieries and pits , but [in any case] a hotbed of outrage .

Nevertheless , such was Bulaxie 's finishing drive that she eventually finished third , beaten only a neck and a short-head .
[in any case] , such was bulaxie 's finishing drive that she eventually finished third , beaten only a neck and a short-head .

Nevertheless , the Windsor Park team are so far undefeated in domestic competition , and are on course to retain the Ulster Cup title .
[in any case] , the windsor park team are so far undefeated in domestic competition , and are on course to retain the ulster cup title .

Nevertheless , it 's worried and surprised local people and politicians .
[in any case] , it 's worried and surprised local people and politicians .

The bi-annual Ulster Cricketer(£2) , jointly edited as usual by Clarence Hiles and Colin Berkley and the Irish Cricket Annual ( £4 ) edited by John Elder , are nevertheless interesting reads despite the lateness .
the bi-annual ulster cricketer(£2) , jointly edited as usual by clarence hiles and colin berkley and the irish cricket annual ( £4 ) edited by john elder , are [in any case] interesting reads despite the lateness .

Now you ca n't really get a coherent staffing policy within a school in that kind of flux , whereas now people perhaps erm a bit too much at the opposite extreme but nevertheless erm do know that they 're committed to being in the school and have a , therefore a commitment to it , a commitment to improving their own work and , and their collective work .
now you ca n't really get a coherent staffing policy within a school in that kind of flux , whereas now people perhaps erm a bit too much at the opposite extreme but [in any case] erm do know that they 're committed to being in the school and have a , therefore a commitment to it , a commitment to improving their own work and , and their collective work .

But nevertheless , there 's going to be a month period , plus there 'll be five weeks where people wo n't be able to be treated for routine operations here .
but [in any case] , there 's going to be a month period , plus there 'll be five weeks where people wo n't be able to be treated for routine operations here .

Nevertheless it is still a loan that of course has to be repaid . Is it perhaps not more difficult for a disabled student even with a degree to get employment in order to be able to repay that loan ?
[in any case] it is still a loan that of course has to be repaid . is it perhaps not more difficult for a disabled student even with a degree to get employment in order to be able to repay that loan ?

Unfortunately this is a problem which faces both kites er and ospreys and , and some other birds of prey , so er we always look for a few losses , but we hope that nevertheless , in a good season like this , the birds will breed well enough to produce good numbers of young .
unfortunately this is a problem which faces both kites er and ospreys and , and some other birds of prey , so er we always look for a few losses , but we hope that [in any case] , in a good season like this , the birds will breed well enough to produce good numbers of young .

But nevertheless , you are charging patients , often people who are in a great hurry bringing their own patients in , who really probably have n't got any time for that sort of thing . Would n't you agree ?
but [in any case] , you are charging patients , often people who are in a great hurry bringing their own patients in , who really probably have n't got any time for that sort of thing . would n't you agree ?

But nevertheless in terms of twelve families that 's very important to those twelve and it 's a small step , but the problem is so big that it needs concerted Government action to solve the problem of homeless people in Oxford .
but [in any case] in terms of twelve families that 's very important to those twelve and it 's a small step , but the problem is so big that it needs concerted government action to solve the problem of homeless people in oxford .

They do n't all have the same erm facilities as Sussex , nor indeed the same tradition of town and gown relationships , but nevertheless within the university there are several groups of people wanting to develop ideas of literature festivals or performance arts events , which we try and encourage because erm we have very little money within the Arts Association and have to maximise whatever facilities and people that we can lay our hands on .
they do n't all have the same erm facilities as sussex , nor indeed the same tradition of town and gown relationships , but [in any case] within the university there are several groups of people wanting to develop ideas of literature festivals or performance arts events , which we try and encourage because erm we have very little money within the arts association and have to maximise whatever facilities and people that we can lay our hands on .

Sorry , information was wrong there , but nevertheless you 're near the top of the tree in trying to help get more nursery places in the county and you know that you 're being you may have the best intentions , but you do n't have the facilities to do very much about it .
sorry , information was wrong there , but [in any case] you 're near the top of the tree in trying to help get more nursery places in the county and you know that you 're being you may have the best intentions , but you do n't have the facilities to do very much about it .

Nevertheless , Judge Edward Garrison went against the general feeling of his colleagues and gave the idea its trial run .
[in any case] , judge edward garrison went against the general feeling of his colleagues and gave the idea its trial run .

Nevertheless , Florida is full of Brits attracted by the warm climate and promise of a luxurious lifestyle .
[in any case] , florida is full of brits attracted by the warm climate and promise of a luxurious lifestyle .

Nevertheless , he agreed .
[in any case] , he agreed .

Nevertheless , ’ he persisted , ‘ our conclusion has its own problems .
[in any case] , ’ he persisted , ‘ our conclusion has its own problems .

Although , as shown in Figures 4–6 , above , the proportion of ‘ initial failures ’ was relatively small , with none recorded in the case of material issued from the Advocates ' Library , and with only 4 % and 3 % of all deliveries from the Main Building and the Annexe falling into this category , they nevertheless merit close attention , since delays in the provision of items which are in fact available on the shelves can be a considerable source of irritation for both readers and members of staff .
although , as shown in figures 4–6 , above , the proportion of ‘ initial failures ’ was relatively small , with none recorded in the case of material issued from the advocates ' library , and with only 4 % and 3 % of all deliveries from the main building and the annexe falling into this category , they [in any case] merit close attention , since delays in the provision of items which are in fact available on the shelves can be a considerable source of irritation for both readers and members of staff .

Nevertheless , practically all the rules have exceptions and readers may feel that the rules are so complex that it would be easier to go back to the idea of learning the stress for each word individually .
[in any case] , practically all the rules have exceptions and readers may feel that the rules are so complex that it would be easier to go back to the idea of learning the stress for each word individually .

With all the problems of section 56 funding , and the learning curves involved in the Government — required design-built-and-operate contract , as well as being the first new street tramway built in Britain since 1949 , Metrolink has nevertheless provided a focus and showcase for the large number of light rail schemes at present being developed .
with all the problems of section 56 funding , and the learning curves involved in the government — required design-built-and-operate contract , as well as being the first new street tramway built in britain since 1949 , metrolink has [in any case] provided a focus and showcase for the large number of light rail schemes at present being developed .

Nevertheless , the problems of this ultimate in fixed track systems are particularly well documented .
[in any case] , the problems of this ultimate in fixed track systems are particularly well documented .

‘ Nevertheless we have scored 12 league goals at home , so that 's not a bad average . ’
‘ [in any case] we have scored 12 league goals at home , so that 's not a bad average . ’

Nevertheless , the booming market has meant plenty of scope for competition , which is healthy for the customer .
[in any case] , the booming market has meant plenty of scope for competition , which is healthy for the customer .

Nevertheless , Mark Tompkins 's Glaisdale is given a confident vote following his recent third to Morley Street .
[in any case] , mark tompkins 's glaisdale is given a confident vote following his recent third to morley street .

Nevertheless , the new German onslaught at once chalked up some depressingly easy successes .
[in any case] , the new german onslaught at once chalked up some depressingly easy successes .

Nevertheless , at Verdun when the battle began it had been outmatched — in numbers alone — by nearly five to one .
[in any case] , at verdun when the battle began it had been outmatched — in numbers alone — by nearly five to one .

Nevertheless , he somehow bribed his way out of hospital to shoot down an impudent intruder strafing his base .
[in any case] , he somehow bribed his way out of hospital to shoot down an impudent intruder strafing his base .

Nevertheless , the way in which modern economists view macroeconomic problems owes much to the Keynesian framework .
[in any case] , the way in which modern economists view macroeconomic problems owes much to the keynesian framework .

Nevertheless , they caused concern among employees , especially in sections of the new set-up that had been hard hit in the recession only a few years before .
[in any case] , they caused concern among employees , especially in sections of the new set-up that had been hard hit in the recession only a few years before .

Nevertheless , it is fair to report that , once more , we have pleased with our pupils ' performance .
[in any case] , it is fair to report that , once more , we have pleased with our pupils ' performance .

Nevertheless , the ability of the salesperson to empathise with the customer and his problem and to react sympathetically can create considerable goodwill and help foster long-term relationships .
[in any case] , the ability of the salesperson to empathise with the customer and his problem and to react sympathetically can create considerable goodwill and help foster long-term relationships .

He 's a builder fair enough but nevertheless he 's doing a good job .
he 's a builder fair enough but [in any case] he 's doing a good job .

Nevertheless , it was clear that he was still not fully back to his old self because the tough links courses took their toll as the round wore on .
[in any case] , it was clear that he was still not fully back to his old self because the tough links courses took their toll as the round wore on .

Nevertheless , there are ways of doing these things .
[in any case] , there are ways of doing these things .

Stevie Ray Vaughan , Albert Collins , Billy Gibbons , Johnny Winter … The chances are , when you think about Texas blues guitarists , you 'd be hard pushed to find a common denominator between them in terms of style . Each flies the Blues flag in his own unique way , but all the while there 's a perceptible epicentre , which nevertheless fights shy of any real definition …
stevie ray vaughan , albert collins , billy gibbons , johnny winter … the chances are , when you think about texas blues guitarists , you 'd be hard pushed to find a common denominator between them in terms of style . each flies the blues flag in his own unique way , but all the while there 's a perceptible epicentre , which [in any case] fights shy of any real definition …

Nevertheless these devices are rarely run under optimum operating conditions .
[in any case] these devices are rarely run under optimum operating conditions .

Nevertheless vegetation soon started to proliferate — because liverworts , mosses , ferns , coniferous plants and flowers appeared in quick succession , introducing carbon dioxide into the atmosphere in ever-increasing quantities .
[in any case] vegetation soon started to proliferate — because liverworts , mosses , ferns , coniferous plants and flowers appeared in quick succession , introducing carbon dioxide into the atmosphere in ever-increasing quantities .

Nevertheless in the early days many of the other forms of bacteria died off in vast numbers .
[in any case] in the early days many of the other forms of bacteria died off in vast numbers .

Nevertheless dinosaurs , remarkably , were frequently able to stay ahead in the game .
[in any case] dinosaurs , remarkably , were frequently able to stay ahead in the game .

Nevertheless , Bakker has contributed enormously to our understanding of dinosaur biology .
[in any case] , bakker has contributed enormously to our understanding of dinosaur biology .

Nevertheless controversy still centres around the interpretation of dinosaur structure .
[in any case] controversy still centres around the interpretation of dinosaur structure .

Nevertheless the trend of our argument so far is that evolution seemed to have proceeded towards a faster-moving creature with a different metabolism .
[in any case] the trend of our argument so far is that evolution seemed to have proceeded towards a faster-moving creature with a different metabolism .

Nevertheless , we have seen earlier that homeothermy is a form of temperature regulation in tachymetabolic creatures , and imprecision in terminology has not been the prerogative solely of Bakker .
[in any case] , we have seen earlier that homeothermy is a form of temperature regulation in tachymetabolic creatures , and imprecision in terminology has not been the prerogative solely of bakker .

He does not equate absolute Truth with particular instances of truth but that does not prevent him from recognizing that particular instances of truth , while not embodying absolute Truth , are nevertheless necessary to convey the meaning of absolute Truth .
he does not equate absolute truth with particular instances of truth but that does not prevent him from recognizing that particular instances of truth , while not embodying absolute truth , are [in any case] necessary to convey the meaning of absolute truth .

The idea of civil disobedience had occurred to Gandhi prior to reading Thoreau 's essay , nevertheless he used Thoreau 's phrase to describe his struggle against the African authorities to English readers .
the idea of civil disobedience had occurred to gandhi prior to reading thoreau 's essay , [in any case] he used thoreau 's phrase to describe his struggle against the african authorities to english readers .

Nevertheless , the paradox is that a small , cheapish amp still has to sound like a beast , whilst remaining tame and housetrained in all other respects .
[in any case] , the paradox is that a small , cheapish amp still has to sound like a beast , whilst remaining tame and housetrained in all other respects .

Often hailed as a jazz fusion pioneer himself , Pat Metheny is nevertheless no stranger in the Grab-a-Grammy stakes .
often hailed as a jazz fusion pioneer himself , pat metheny is [in any case] no stranger in the grab-a-grammy stakes .

Nevertheless , the 45-year-old Willingham , co-writer on Stanley Kubrick 's Paths of Glory , who made his name with his 1947 novel End as a Man ( filmed as The Strange One ) , was later asked to do the screenplay of Little Big Man .
[in any case] , the 45-year-old willingham , co-writer on stanley kubrick 's paths of glory , who made his name with his 1947 novel end as a man ( filmed as the strange one ) , was later asked to do the screenplay of little big man .

Nevertheless , he continued with his finger covered in blood , keeping his hand in his pocket .
[in any case] , he continued with his finger covered in blood , keeping his hand in his pocket .

Nevertheless , John and Mary is an interesting record of its time , in which Dustin again represents , as in The Graduate , the blander side of sixties youth .
[in any case] , john and mary is an interesting record of its time , in which dustin again represents , as in the graduate , the blander side of sixties youth .

Nevertheless , he is not so short-sighted that he can not catch a butterfly between his fingers .
[in any case] , he is not so short-sighted that he can not catch a butterfly between his fingers .

Conscious that if she accepted his presence at Thorsbury without protest , her chance to remove him was gone , nevertheless she felt that she could now handle the man .
conscious that if she accepted his presence at thorsbury without protest , her chance to remove him was gone , [in any case] she felt that she could now handle the man .

Browne knew the Masai well and understood how alien such a proposal was to their consensual system of politics , but nevertheless this was the beginning of a long and unavailing effort by the British to set up the laibon as chief of the Tanganyika Masai , until at last in 1933 the current occupant asked to be relieved of his office .
browne knew the masai well and understood how alien such a proposal was to their consensual system of politics , but [in any case] this was the beginning of a long and unavailing effort by the british to set up the laibon as chief of the tanganyika masai , until at last in 1933 the current occupant asked to be relieved of his office .

Nevertheless , it was necessary to attempt do so : the alternative was to confess that the administration had failed where it most wanted to succeed .
[in any case] , it was necessary to attempt do so : the alternative was to confess that the administration had failed where it most wanted to succeed .

Nevertheless , Irwin appears to have reconciled the two to his own satisfaction , though the arguments to which he resorted owed more to the theological aptitude displayed in his youthful biography of Keble than to ordinary practical intelligence .
[in any case] , irwin appears to have reconciled the two to his own satisfaction , though the arguments to which he resorted owed more to the theological aptitude displayed in his youthful biography of keble than to ordinary practical intelligence .

Nevertheless , there was constitutional advance , in the form of the Government of India Act of 1935 , which provided for responsible government in the provinces .
[in any case] , there was constitutional advance , in the form of the government of india act of 1935 , which provided for responsible government in the provinces .

Nevertheless , the offer had been made , and at the end of the war , when a Labour government came to power , there was no going back on it .
[in any case] , the offer had been made , and at the end of the war , when a labour government came to power , there was no going back on it .

Work on the survey had to await Hailey 's retirement , but the choice nevertheless proved to have been an extremely shrewd one , justifying , if nothing else did , Curtis ' lifelong faith in himself as a fisher of men .
work on the survey had to await hailey 's retirement , but the choice [in any case] proved to have been an extremely shrewd one , justifying , if nothing else did , curtis ' lifelong faith in himself as a fisher of men .

Nevertheless , the amendment won a majority of votes .
[in any case] , the amendment won a majority of votes .

Nevertheless , when this type of assistance is essential to you , the provision should be ruthlessly pursued .
[in any case] , when this type of assistance is essential to you , the provision should be ruthlessly pursued .

It 's all completely over the top , but nevertheless rather charming .
it 's all completely over the top , but [in any case] rather charming .

Nevertheless , these kids still approach the major record companies in search of greater fame and fortune than they could ever hope to achieve by themselves .
[in any case] , these kids still approach the major record companies in search of greater fame and fortune than they could ever hope to achieve by themselves .

It does not hold such a prominent place in the village as Christ church near the pond , but nevertheless it is now too small for the congregation , so after years of searching a place has at last been found to build a new larger church on the outskirts of the village .
it does not hold such a prominent place in the village as christ church near the pond , but [in any case] it is now too small for the congregation , so after years of searching a place has at last been found to build a new larger church on the outskirts of the village .

Nevertheless , there was a simple weight-loss equation on which it was possible to estimate the maximum amount of weight likely to be lost each week on any specific calorie allowance .
[in any case] , there was a simple weight-loss equation on which it was possible to estimate the maximum amount of weight likely to be lost each week on any specific calorie allowance .

Nevertheless to make it really easy to reach your daily dietary fibre target of 30g plus , it is an excellent idea to have one regular , constant daily meal breakfast is ideal because we tend not to vary our breakfasts — to supply about half the requirement .
[in any case] to make it really easy to reach your daily dietary fibre target of 30g plus , it is an excellent idea to have one regular , constant daily meal breakfast is ideal because we tend not to vary our breakfasts — to supply about half the requirement .

Nevertheless , anecdotal clinical experience would suggest that they are effective and , again , they are not associated with harmful side-effects .
[in any case] , anecdotal clinical experience would suggest that they are effective and , again , they are not associated with harmful side-effects .

Nevertheless , the single is a departure in its directness and coherence .
[in any case] , the single is a departure in its directness and coherence .

Nevertheless , he felt that it was only correct that the recipient of such a gift should also feel at ease there , and indeed it very quickly became the ‘ home ’ of the Queen as well .
[in any case] , he felt that it was only correct that the recipient of such a gift should also feel at ease there , and indeed it very quickly became the ‘ home ’ of the queen as well .

Neither staff nor mistress , nevertheless her word was law , and in most cases her responsibility total .
neither staff nor mistress , [in any case] her word was law , and in most cases her responsibility total .

‘ Nevertheless , they consider that it was entirely proper and in the public interest for the Daily Mirror to mount its own investigation into drug-related crime .
‘ [in any case] , they consider that it was entirely proper and in the public interest for the daily mirror to mount its own investigation into drug-related crime .

Nevertheless , Boosey still managed to play a good tune in the six months to June with profits up 10 per cent higher to £1.4 million .
[in any case] , boosey still managed to play a good tune in the six months to june with profits up 10 per cent higher to £1.4 million .

very light on the pocket as well on the scales , the Odyssey is nevertheless well made and strongly put together .
very light on the pocket as well on the scales , the odyssey is [in any case] well made and strongly put together .

Mrs Phelps , slightly taken aback at the arrival of such a tiny girl unaccompanied by a parent , nevertheless told her she was very welcome .
mrs phelps , slightly taken aback at the arrival of such a tiny girl unaccompanied by a parent , [in any case] told her she was very welcome .

Nevertheless the experience was tremendous and Geoff Wappett , the Bradford coach , was high in his praise for the organisation of the tournament and the benefit that his young wide received from it .
[in any case] the experience was tremendous and geoff wappett , the bradford coach , was high in his praise for the organisation of the tournament and the benefit that his young wide received from it .

This story , perhaps somewhat less than scintillating to today 's thrill-seeking reader , was nevertheless hot news at the time and , moreover , speaks volumes for the then ethos of the paper ; a lightweight , trade bulletin largely concerned with the doings of big band leaders and crooners , the dominant pop music of the time .
this story , perhaps somewhat less than scintillating to today 's thrill-seeking reader , was [in any case] hot news at the time and , moreover , speaks volumes for the then ethos of the paper ; a lightweight , trade bulletin largely concerned with the doings of big band leaders and crooners , the dominant pop music of the time .

Nevertheless , Thornton could not be ditched straight away .
[in any case] , thornton could not be ditched straight away .

Nevertheless , Southwark invested £300,000 .
[in any case] , southwark invested £300,000 .

Nevertheless , the rules of the Conventions were treated as formulations of the generally accepted principles of the law of war , and binding as such ( Roberts and Guelff , 1982 , p. 156 ) .
[in any case] , the rules of the conventions were treated as formulations of the generally accepted principles of the law of war , and binding as such ( roberts and guelff , 1982 , p. 156 ) .

Nevertheless , the proliferation that has occurred is serious , since it entails an acquisition of nuclear weaponry by states whose ruling groups may become desperate enough to use it .
[in any case] , the proliferation that has occurred is serious , since it entails an acquisition of nuclear weaponry by states whose ruling groups may become desperate enough to use it .

Nevertheless , given that it will not do to define law as a means to institutionalise dispute-resolution and so inhibit unregulated conflict , we may surely expect the control of force to be a major objective of law .
[in any case] , given that it will not do to define law as a means to institutionalise dispute-resolution and so inhibit unregulated conflict , we may surely expect the control of force to be a major objective of law .

Nevertheless it is not a mistake to look to a municipal model , for our interest is in what international law can be , not simply what it is .
[in any case] it is not a mistake to look to a municipal model , for our interest is in what international law can be , not simply what it is .

Nevertheless it does seem undesirable that our present institutional framework should be beyond the scope of effective challenge by either political or legal means .
[in any case] it does seem undesirable that our present institutional framework should be beyond the scope of effective challenge by either political or legal means .

Nevertheless , it was time to take a little precautionary measure .
[in any case] , it was time to take a little precautionary measure .

This traditional classification nevertheless remains a convenient way of approaching the task of describing the United Kingdom constitution .
this traditional classification [in any case] remains a convenient way of approaching the task of describing the united kingdom constitution .

The main and most obvious response is departmentalisation — the grouping of a diverse range of functions which nevertheless have something in common into a single central government department .
the main and most obvious response is departmentalisation — the grouping of a diverse range of functions which [in any case] have something in common into a single central government department .

Notwithstanding that a particular central government department has total responsibility for the discharge of particular functions — from formulation of general overall policy to implementation in the form of decisions in particular cases ‘ on the ground ’ — it may nevertheless be desirable to distribute actual administration at different levels on a geographical basis .
notwithstanding that a particular central government department has total responsibility for the discharge of particular functions — from formulation of general overall policy to implementation in the form of decisions in particular cases ‘ on the ground ’ — it may [in any case] be desirable to distribute actual administration at different levels on a geographical basis .

Even if there is nothing legally obligatory about a particular scheme of vertical or horizontal devolution , there is , nevertheless , a measure of political compulsion , particularly so far as horizontal devolution is concerned .
even if there is nothing legally obligatory about a particular scheme of vertical or horizontal devolution , there is , [in any case] , a measure of political compulsion , particularly so far as horizontal devolution is concerned .

Although , today , justices of the peace are thought of primarily as being judicial bodies , they nevertheless retain certain administrative functions ( the best known of which is the issuing of liquor licences ) which , however , are a pale shadow of their former role .
although , today , justices of the peace are thought of primarily as being judicial bodies , they [in any case] retain certain administrative functions ( the best known of which is the issuing of liquor licences ) which , however , are a pale shadow of their former role .

Whilst there has been some confusion as to exactly what ‘ remoteness ’ consists of ( it seems to have been equated to distance from London whereas it would seem to be psychological remoteness in the sense of inaccessibility of decision-makers which really matters ) , the lesson nevertheless seems clear .
whilst there has been some confusion as to exactly what ‘ remoteness ’ consists of ( it seems to have been equated to distance from london whereas it would seem to be psychological remoteness in the sense of inaccessibility of decision-makers which really matters ) , the lesson [in any case] seems clear .

The case that is usually made out for retention is that the House of Lords nevertheless discharges a valuable constitutional function especially in the processing of uncontroversial Bills and the revision of Bills passed , perhaps with undue haste and lack of consideration , by the House of Commons .
the case that is usually made out for retention is that the house of lords [in any case] discharges a valuable constitutional function especially in the processing of uncontroversial bills and the revision of bills passed , perhaps with undue haste and lack of consideration , by the house of commons .

They must , nevertheless , be of age on the date of the poll .
they must , [in any case] , be of age on the date of the poll .

Infants were originally barred by the Parliamentary Elections Act 1695 but some nevertheless sat without challenge in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries .
infants were originally barred by the parliamentary elections act 1695 but some [in any case] sat without challenge in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries .

Nevertheless , the bulk of legislation in the United Kingdom today is not parliamentary but delegated , i.e .
[in any case] , the bulk of legislation in the united kingdom today is not parliamentary but delegated , i.e .

It is , nevertheless , this public face which looms largest in relation to the second way in which Parliament plays a role in controlling the Executive .
it is , [in any case] , this public face which looms largest in relation to the second way in which parliament plays a role in controlling the executive .

Whilst the Bill of Rights thus resolved the basic position for the future , it nevertheless left several questions unanswered and we must now turn to these :
whilst the bill of rights thus resolved the basic position for the future , it [in any case] left several questions unanswered and we must now turn to these :

So , words which , if spoken outside the House , would be libellous , seditious or , presumably , treacherous , blasphemous or obscene , may nevertheless be uttered , without fear of action or prosecution , in the course of parliamentary proceedings .
so , words which , if spoken outside the house , would be libellous , seditious or , presumably , treacherous , blasphemous or obscene , may [in any case] be uttered , without fear of action or prosecution , in the course of parliamentary proceedings .

Nevertheless , they do occur and occasional assaults and other criminal acts are committed .
[in any case] , they do occur and occasional assaults and other criminal acts are committed .

It nevertheless remains the view today that the Parliament of the United Kingdom can make and unmake any law whatever and can not be controlled in seeking to do so .
it [in any case] remains the view today that the parliament of the united kingdom can make and unmake any law whatever and can not be controlled in seeking to do so .

Is it , nevertheless , true that there are no limits upon the power of Parliament to pass laws , and no controls upon it when it does so ?
is it , [in any case] , true that there are no limits upon the power of parliament to pass laws , and no controls upon it when it does so ?

If the House of Commons had done so in relation to the allegedly offending provision under review in Pickin 's case , would the provision nevertheless have remained valid ?
if the house of commons had done so in relation to the allegedly offending provision under review in pickin 's case , would the provision [in any case] have remained valid ?

Nevertheless , this was not the simple procedure by which the most significant departure from union was effected .
[in any case] , this was not the simple procedure by which the most significant departure from union was effected .

The position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 Act being preferred by an English court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the Parliament of the United Kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the United Kingdom from the coils of Europe in which they see it as enmeshed .
the position [in any case] remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 act being preferred by an english court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the parliament of the united kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the united kingdom from the coils of europe in which they see it as enmeshed .

Nevertheless , there are no legal guarantees of ‘ liberty ’ or ‘ freedom ’ .
[in any case] , there are no legal guarantees of ‘ liberty ’ or ‘ freedom ’ .

Monarchs , nevertheless , remained formally at the centre — the Cabinet was still the King 's Cabinet and the Prime Minister first and foremost only if the monarch declined to attend .
monarchs , [in any case] , remained formally at the centre — the cabinet was still the king 's cabinet and the prime minister first and foremost only if the monarch declined to attend .

True , she was shapely , in a geological sort of way , and quite intelligent as stones go but , nevertheless , the family was fast becoming alarmed at Ned 's deteriorating mental and physical condition .
true , she was shapely , in a geological sort of way , and quite intelligent as stones go but , [in any case] , the family was fast becoming alarmed at ned 's deteriorating mental and physical condition .

Nevertheless , it is useful to know that numerous contemporary sources described the various hues of the wines of this period as ‘ pale coloured and tawny ’ , ‘ with a rosy tinge ’ or even like a ‘ partridge 's eye ’ .
[in any case] , it is useful to know that numerous contemporary sources described the various hues of the wines of this period as ‘ pale coloured and tawny ’ , ‘ with a rosy tinge ’ or even like a ‘ partridge 's eye ’ .

The best of the west and south-facing slopes are far superior to either Puisieulx or Sillery , but they nevertheless merit a modest premier and not grand cru status .
the best of the west and south-facing slopes are far superior to either puisieulx or sillery , but they [in any case] merit a modest premier and not grand cru status .

Nevertheless , the variety provided by the five levels makes this a good investment if you can stand the frustration of repeating earlier levels , time after time .
[in any case] , the variety provided by the five levels makes this a good investment if you can stand the frustration of repeating earlier levels , time after time .

Nevertheless , Dreams is a stunning debut .
[in any case] , dreams is a stunning debut .

Nevertheless Heroquest is still a damn fine game .
[in any case] heroquest is still a damn fine game .

Nevertheless uncertain fear kept her running .
[in any case] uncertain fear kept her running .

While the chances of a woman developing rheumatoid arthritis after a delivery are small , the researchers have nevertheless provided new evidence that hormones do play a role in some cases of the disease .
while the chances of a woman developing rheumatoid arthritis after a delivery are small , the researchers have [in any case] provided new evidence that hormones do play a role in some cases of the disease .

The oak benches in the lounge bar of The Crown were hard ; nevertheless , Dominic felt perfectly relaxed .
the oak benches in the lounge bar of the crown were hard ; [in any case] , dominic felt perfectly relaxed .

Nevertheless , as the Daimler drove smoothly away , he scribbled its number in his notebook .
[in any case] , as the daimler drove smoothly away , he scribbled its number in his notebook .

Nevertheless , we 've got to keep an open mind .
[in any case] , we 've got to keep an open mind .

Meryl felt slightly dizzy among the heady scents of the plants , but nevertheless plucked a rosemary leaf from its stem and held it to her nose , crushed between finger and thumb , before releasing it to twist emptily to the ground .
meryl felt slightly dizzy among the heady scents of the plants , but [in any case] plucked a rosemary leaf from its stem and held it to her nose , crushed between finger and thumb , before releasing it to twist emptily to the ground .

Nevertheless , there will have to be change in style .
[in any case] , there will have to be change in style .

Sometimes he thought that she regarded his affairs with a casual , slightly amused indulgence as if , herself immune to a childish weakness , she was nevertheless indisposed to criticize it in others .
sometimes he thought that she regarded his affairs with a casual , slightly amused indulgence as if , herself immune to a childish weakness , she was [in any case] indisposed to criticize it in others .

Nevertheless , though the detail may be problematic , the general importance of ‘ street related ’ issues in people 's appreciation of the quality of life is clear .
[in any case] , though the detail may be problematic , the general importance of ‘ street related ’ issues in people 's appreciation of the quality of life is clear .

Nevertheless , these arrangements have been subjected to considerable criticism , although much of it is related to the high-rise building , difficulty of supervising children , industrialised building materials and the other , now familiar , complaints about such brutal townscapes .
[in any case] , these arrangements have been subjected to considerable criticism , although much of it is related to the high-rise building , difficulty of supervising children , industrialised building materials and the other , now familiar , complaints about such brutal townscapes .

Nevertheless , through traffic has been dramatically reduced , demonstrating the efficacy of the battery of infrastructural and legal measures adopted .
[in any case] , through traffic has been dramatically reduced , demonstrating the efficacy of the battery of infrastructural and legal measures adopted .

Nevertheless , pollution emissions have fallen in Buxtehude and the smoother , slower driving seems bound to produce beneficial effects in other schemes too .
[in any case] , pollution emissions have fallen in buxtehude and the smoother , slower driving seems bound to produce beneficial effects in other schemes too .

Nevertheless , there are clear overall safety benefits from these approaches , which lead accidents in residential areas to fail more than they rise on peripheral roads .
[in any case] , there are clear overall safety benefits from these approaches , which lead accidents in residential areas to fail more than they rise on peripheral roads .

Nevertheless , the walking routes would need positive environmental treatment to encourage a pedestrian ambience , such as tree-planting , provision of green areas and small-scale signs and lights .
[in any case] , the walking routes would need positive environmental treatment to encourage a pedestrian ambience , such as tree-planting , provision of green areas and small-scale signs and lights .

Nevertheless , the rewards of finding satisfactory solutions are high enough for experimental work to be continued .
[in any case] , the rewards of finding satisfactory solutions are high enough for experimental work to be continued .

‘ Nevertheless , this incident did teach me to have respect for all things associated with the Mass .
‘ [in any case] , this incident did teach me to have respect for all things associated with the mass .

It also dealt a blow to his testimonial , which nevertheless realised more than £2000 .
it also dealt a blow to his testimonial , which [in any case] realised more than £2000 .

Nevertheless , central control of the elementary school curriculum was maintained through a succession of codes and it was not until 1936 that these regulations were changed in a way that left responsibility for ‘ a suitable curriculum and syllabus with due regard to the organisation and circumstances of the school ’ in the hands of teachers .
[in any case] , central control of the elementary school curriculum was maintained through a succession of codes and it was not until 1936 that these regulations were changed in a way that left responsibility for ‘ a suitable curriculum and syllabus with due regard to the organisation and circumstances of the school ’ in the hands of teachers .

Nevertheless , there are certain overriding priorities and the Secretary of State considers that it is essential that all pupils in the third and fourth years of secondary education should study English , Mathematics and Science .
[in any case] , there are certain overriding priorities and the secretary of state considers that it is essential that all pupils in the third and fourth years of secondary education should study english , mathematics and science .

Nevertheless , it will be argued below that the nature and form of economic reconstruction had a powerful , long-term influence on British economic performance .
[in any case] , it will be argued below that the nature and form of economic reconstruction had a powerful , long-term influence on british economic performance .

Nevertheless , for a number of writers the essential point is not so much that these ideas on unemployment and social welfare were new , as that a broad political consensus developed around them which achieved its apotheosis in the triumph of Keynesianism in 1947 [ Booth , 1983 ; 1984 ] .
[in any case] , for a number of writers the essential point is not so much that these ideas on unemployment and social welfare were new , as that a broad political consensus developed around them which achieved its apotheosis in the triumph of keynesianism in 1947 [ booth , 1983 ; 1984 ] .

Nevertheless , there are grounds for asking whether the measurable distribution of wealth-holding is simply a matter of choice within Britain in comparison with other leading economies , or whether the financial services sector forms the agency which actively determines that distribution rather than simply facilitating it .
[in any case] , there are grounds for asking whether the measurable distribution of wealth-holding is simply a matter of choice within britain in comparison with other leading economies , or whether the financial services sector forms the agency which actively determines that distribution rather than simply facilitating it .

Whatever their immediate contribution to business enterprise and development , nevertheless the transition of their companies into successful national and even international companies depended on their early adoption of modern forms of company organisation and management .
whatever their immediate contribution to business enterprise and development , [in any case] the transition of their companies into successful national and even international companies depended on their early adoption of modern forms of company organisation and management .

Nevertheless the Phillips curve had a siren appeal in the later 1950s and early 1960s because of the ease with which it could be translated into part of aggregate demand management .
[in any case] the phillips curve had a siren appeal in the later 1950s and early 1960s because of the ease with which it could be translated into part of aggregate demand management .

The fundamental difficulty , nevertheless , was that contemporaries had not ‘ foreseen … that the balance of payments on current account and the change in the gold and dollar reserves would bear little relationship to one another [ Cairncross , 1985 , 79 ] ; in particular there was a heavy outflow of capital to the sterling area .
the fundamental difficulty , [in any case] , was that contemporaries had not ‘ foreseen … that the balance of payments on current account and the change in the gold and dollar reserves would bear little relationship to one another [ cairncross , 1985 , 79 ] ; in particular there was a heavy outflow of capital to the sterling area .

Precise evaluation of the effects of overseas investment nevertheless remains extremely difficult .
precise evaluation of the effects of overseas investment [in any case] remains extremely difficult .

Nevertheless , this attitude was probably not entirely a matter of hubris since the Treasury may well have had genuine doubts as to the potential effectiveness of planning [ Brittan , 1971 ] .
[in any case] , this attitude was probably not entirely a matter of hubris since the treasury may well have had genuine doubts as to the potential effectiveness of planning [ brittan , 1971 ] .

Nevertheless , in their analysis of the effect of government policy on economic performance , market economists have learned far less than Keynesian economists from the accumulated evidence of the past hundred years .
[in any case] , in their analysis of the effect of government policy on economic performance , market economists have learned far less than keynesian economists from the accumulated evidence of the past hundred years .

Nevertheless , there are good grounds for thinking that the ‘ pay explosion ’ owed much to the institutional structure of British industrial relations [ Phelps Brown , 1975 ] .
[in any case] , there are good grounds for thinking that the ‘ pay explosion ’ owed much to the institutional structure of british industrial relations [ phelps brown , 1975 ] .

Nevertheless , some influences stand out and , in our view , of particular importance are the nature and operation of certain institutions .
[in any case] , some influences stand out and , in our view , of particular importance are the nature and operation of certain institutions .

Yes ; nevertheless , he was nice .
yes ; [in any case] , he was nice .

For himself , he would n't have minded a posting ; in fact , he would have welcomed it , because there was another complication entering his life : vague , but nevertheless there .
for himself , he would n't have minded a posting ; in fact , he would have welcomed it , because there was another complication entering his life : vague , but [in any case] there .

These early pathographic analyses nevertheless started a wave of interest in the topic and subsequently stimulated many other medical writers to apply their diagnostic acumen to the problem .
these early pathographic analyses [in any case] started a wave of interest in the topic and subsequently stimulated many other medical writers to apply their diagnostic acumen to the problem .

Nevertheless they do represent different ways in which psychotic vulnerability can manifest itself and reference to them helps to provide some clues as to which of its aspects might mediate any association that exists with creativity .
[in any case] they do represent different ways in which psychotic vulnerability can manifest itself and reference to them helps to provide some clues as to which of its aspects might mediate any association that exists with creativity .

Although naturally designed more to draw out signs of abnormality , they nevertheless demand similar mental operations , being open-ended procedures in which , for example , subjects are required to interpret proverbs or sort everyday objects in any way they prefer .
although naturally designed more to draw out signs of abnormality , they [in any case] demand similar mental operations , being open-ended procedures in which , for example , subjects are required to interpret proverbs or sort everyday objects in any way they prefer .

As in the clinical domain , there seems to be a common theme of ‘ psychoticism ’ which nevertheless , in a given individual , will be revealed as a unique blend of several different constituent elements , each of which is continuous with some recognisable symptom pattern found in psychotic illness itself .
as in the clinical domain , there seems to be a common theme of ‘ psychoticism ’ which [in any case] , in a given individual , will be revealed as a unique blend of several different constituent elements , each of which is continuous with some recognisable symptom pattern found in psychotic illness itself .

Nevertheless , we can say something further about the vulnerability itself ; namely that the psychotic temperament does seem to be under strong genetic control .
[in any case] , we can say something further about the vulnerability itself ; namely that the psychotic temperament does seem to be under strong genetic control .

Although writing here with a different purpose from our own — and exclusively from a psychodynamic perspective — Anthony nevertheless articulates for us the final theme that remains to be developed in this chapter , which concerns the formal similarities between the mechanisms of mad and creative thought .
although writing here with a different purpose from our own — and exclusively from a psychodynamic perspective — anthony [in any case] articulates for us the final theme that remains to be developed in this chapter , which concerns the formal similarities between the mechanisms of mad and creative thought .

When God the Father announced that He wished to marry her , she would have preferred the Manhood of Christ ; nevertheless , she was married to the Father in the presence of the Son , the Holy Ghost , the Virgin , the Twelve Apostles , St Katharine , St Paul , and numerous other saints and virgins .
when god the father announced that he wished to marry her , she would have preferred the manhood of christ ; [in any case] , she was married to the father in the presence of the son , the holy ghost , the virgin , the twelve apostles , st katharine , st paul , and numerous other saints and virgins .

Nevertheless , she says that whenever she could persuade her scribe to let her dictate to him , ‘ she was hale and whole suddenly in a manner ’ .
[in any case] , she says that whenever she could persuade her scribe to let her dictate to him , ‘ she was hale and whole suddenly in a manner ’ .

Against this dearth of local information , Cuba has nevertheless been receiving religious broadcasts and publications from outside the country , but these are frequently alien to the Cuban people 's own expression of the Christian faith .
against this dearth of local information , cuba has [in any case] been receiving religious broadcasts and publications from outside the country , but these are frequently alien to the cuban people 's own expression of the christian faith .

He nevertheless expressed the hope that Christian writers would be able to work free from the constraints of prejudice and censorship .
he [in any case] expressed the hope that christian writers would be able to work free from the constraints of prejudice and censorship .

Nevertheless , there is a need to protect what little green field sites we have left in the Borough and if the Council can be swayed in such a manner against the interests of the town , then what will happen to the face of our town is anyone 's guess .
[in any case] , there is a need to protect what little green field sites we have left in the borough and if the council can be swayed in such a manner against the interests of the town , then what will happen to the face of our town is anyone 's guess .

Nevertheless , Doshan knows he has to hone the team 's powerplay instincts if Chelmsford want to get serious about the Heineken League .
[in any case] , doshan knows he has to hone the team 's powerplay instincts if chelmsford want to get serious about the heineken league .

4 : The International Atomic Energy Agency has voiced its fears ( post-Chernobyl ) at the dangerous state of about 50 reactors in Eastern Europe , which nevertheless continue to run .
4 : the international atomic energy agency has voiced its fears ( post-chernobyl ) at the dangerous state of about 50 reactors in eastern europe , which [in any case] continue to run .

But they frightened her , nevertheless … She was quite good with delinquent adolescents partly because she seemed to have some insight into the impulse that makes the young and the violent turn on the weak and the defenceless … She was good also with parents who battered their babies , a less unusual talent .
but they frightened her , [in any case] … she was quite good with delinquent adolescents partly because she seemed to have some insight into the impulse that makes the young and the violent turn on the weak and the defenceless … she was good also with parents who battered their babies , a less unusual talent .

Acknowledging that ageism , family discord and psychopathology all play their part in abuse , it is situational stress which is probably the most significant factor in those many episodes which fall short of systematic and gross abuse but which nevertheless cause great distress and suffering .
acknowledging that ageism , family discord and psychopathology all play their part in abuse , it is situational stress which is probably the most significant factor in those many episodes which fall short of systematic and gross abuse but which [in any case] cause great distress and suffering .

Nevertheless , there are obvious limitations to a system of selective assessment .
[in any case] , there are obvious limitations to a system of selective assessment .

Nevertheless , the opinion polls which test public confidence in the future of the economy are showing a substantial majority on the side of gloom , if not doom .
[in any case] , the opinion polls which test public confidence in the future of the economy are showing a substantial majority on the side of gloom , if not doom .

Nevertheless it may be observed that in the earliest phases of the life of the Cowdery 's Down settlement when all the buildings were closely associated with fenced enclosures the majority of bone and cereal recovered came from buildings straddling the fence .
[in any case] it may be observed that in the earliest phases of the life of the cowdery 's down settlement when all the buildings were closely associated with fenced enclosures the majority of bone and cereal recovered came from buildings straddling the fence .

Nevertheless , we remain largely ignorant about the manufacture of the items from such evidence as the tools that were used and industrial debris .
[in any case] , we remain largely ignorant about the manufacture of the items from such evidence as the tools that were used and industrial debris .

Nevertheless , there would appear to be an optimum recipe , especially in the silver and copper content used to manufacture the brooches found in each cemetery .
[in any case] , there would appear to be an optimum recipe , especially in the silver and copper content used to manufacture the brooches found in each cemetery .

Models nevertheless existed in some parts of Europe and variation has been explained by the use of forms of the lost-wax or -lead process ( Capelle and Vierck 1975 ; Vierck 1976 ; Arrhenius 1973 ; 1975 ; Dickinson 1982 , pp .
models [in any case] existed in some parts of europe and variation has been explained by the use of forms of the lost-wax or -lead process ( capelle and vierck 1975 ; vierck 1976 ; arrhenius 1973 ; 1975 ; dickinson 1982 , pp .

Nevertheless an assemblage of tools is often found together comprising shears , combs and spindle whorls for spinning .
[in any case] an assemblage of tools is often found together comprising shears , combs and spindle whorls for spinning .

Nevertheless , the result is certainly a substantial change on the pattern of previous responses .
[in any case] , the result is certainly a substantial change on the pattern of previous responses .

Soon her mental health began to deteriorate , and after 1835 there were few lucid intervals ; nevertheless she outlived her brother and died in 1855 .
soon her mental health began to deteriorate , and after 1835 there were few lucid intervals ; [in any case] she outlived her brother and died in 1855 .

Nevertheless , The Excursion ( 1814 ) is partly about society during the Industrial Revolution .
[in any case] , the excursion ( 1814 ) is partly about society during the industrial revolution .

Nevertheless , the attitudes which Wordsworth adopted towards industrialization were successfully transmitted to the later nineteenth century , and ultimately down to our own day , where they have sometimes been incorporated into the law of the land .
[in any case] , the attitudes which wordsworth adopted towards industrialization were successfully transmitted to the later nineteenth century , and ultimately down to our own day , where they have sometimes been incorporated into the law of the land .

Nevertheless , in 1831 , after a visit to Wordsworth , John Stuart Mill was impressed by the amount that he — a liberal Utilitarian by upbringing — agreed with the ‘ hardened Tory ’ . Wordsworth , he reported ,
[in any case] , in 1831 , after a visit to wordsworth , john stuart mill was impressed by the amount that he — a liberal utilitarian by upbringing — agreed with the ‘ hardened tory ’ . wordsworth , he reported ,

The many mechanical analogies ( in this admittedly crude summary ) were all used to explain the world to simple people ; but machines , though they may be perfect , are nevertheless quite dead .
the many mechanical analogies ( in this admittedly crude summary ) were all used to explain the world to simple people ; but machines , though they may be perfect , are [in any case] quite dead .

Nevertheless , he could not fail to have heard of the protest movement which originated with Jean Jacques Rousseau ( 1712–78 ) .
[in any case] , he could not fail to have heard of the protest movement which originated with jean jacques rousseau ( 1712–78 ) .

Nevertheless , the language of the Immortality Ode offended many liberal critics who had up to then been sympathetic to Wordsworth 's poetry . They were not clear how to take lines like
[in any case] , the language of the immortality ode offended many liberal critics who had up to then been sympathetic to wordsworth 's poetry . they were not clear how to take lines like

’ Nevertheless , in 1806 , staying at the house of his friend Sir George Beaumont , Wordsworth began to go to church again , even though he was not a regular attender .
’ [in any case] , in 1806 , staying at the house of his friend sir george beaumont , wordsworth began to go to church again , even though he was not a regular attender .

Lyrical Ballads nevertheless remains a very strange publication , the full effect of which can only be appreciated by studying a facsimile edition , or one of the reprints of the first edition .
lyrical ballads [in any case] remains a very strange publication , the full effect of which can only be appreciated by studying a facsimile edition , or one of the reprints of the first edition .

Nevertheless , it is obvious that by limiting himself to his own observations in a remote valley , he would soon exhaust his material : he therefore drew on Dorothy 's Journals and upon other people 's experiences , for example in Alice Fell , The Solitary Reaper ( observed by Wilkinson who ‘ Passed a female who was reaping alone ’ ) , and The Kitten and Falling Leaves ( rough draft by Coleridge printed in Notebooks , vol .
[in any case] , it is obvious that by limiting himself to his own observations in a remote valley , he would soon exhaust his material : he therefore drew on dorothy 's journals and upon other people 's experiences , for example in alice fell , the solitary reaper ( observed by wilkinson who ‘ passed a female who was reaping alone ’ ) , and the kitten and falling leaves ( rough draft by coleridge printed in notebooks , vol .

All new poems , however novel and revolutionary they may appear , are nevertheless indebted to past literature , whether by imitation , parody or even burlesque of a preceding form .
all new poems , however novel and revolutionary they may appear , are [in any case] indebted to past literature , whether by imitation , parody or even burlesque of a preceding form .

Nevertheless , this seems to me the greatest short poem ever written by Wordsworth , comparable to Dr Johnson 's magnificent exposure of The Vanity of Human Wishes .
[in any case] , this seems to me the greatest short poem ever written by wordsworth , comparable to dr johnson 's magnificent exposure of the vanity of human wishes .

Nevertheless , it is his questions , his ways of telling and , for want of a better phrase , his search in life that make Lepage the avant-garde artist he is .
[in any case] , it is his questions , his ways of telling and , for want of a better phrase , his search in life that make lepage the avant-garde artist he is .

Nevertheless , one would like to read the results of Beth 's cerebrations ; they would probably be unlike those of her creator , for Elizabeth 's death roll is not long .
[in any case] , one would like to read the results of beth 's cerebrations ; they would probably be unlike those of her creator , for elizabeth 's death roll is not long .

Nevertheless , in the course of the years , there were some letters that were painful , and meant for no other eyes ; and no other eyes will see them .
[in any case] , in the course of the years , there were some letters that were painful , and meant for no other eyes ; and no other eyes will see them .

Nevertheless the book is in places gloriously funny .
[in any case] the book is in places gloriously funny .

Courageous in taking on the over-spending bogey that did such havoc in 1987 , it nevertheless opened the floodgates to a fortnight of ‘ we can give away more tax than you ’ , and exchanges between the two parties of a staggering triviality that effectively supplanted any wider debate about the economy .
courageous in taking on the over-spending bogey that did such havoc in 1987 , it [in any case] opened the floodgates to a fortnight of ‘ we can give away more tax than you ’ , and exchanges between the two parties of a staggering triviality that effectively supplanted any wider debate about the economy .

At the same time , we have also to exist with the knowledge that the planet and its poor are breaking under the strain of that same economic system to which there is , nevertheless , no alternative .
at the same time , we have also to exist with the knowledge that the planet and its poor are breaking under the strain of that same economic system to which there is , [in any case] , no alternative .

Nevertheless , the juxtaposition of a mega-theme park and hotel resort beside President Mitterrand 's efforts to establish a serious architectural archive of grands projets in Paris must be noticed .
[in any case] , the juxtaposition of a mega-theme park and hotel resort beside president mitterrand 's efforts to establish a serious architectural archive of grands projets in paris must be noticed .

If anything in the Amis corpus has validated his penchant for the poison dart , it was last year 's Memoirs : indiscreet , at times indefensible , but nevertheless a book to leave you giddy with laughter .
if anything in the amis corpus has validated his penchant for the poison dart , it was last year 's memoirs : indiscreet , at times indefensible , but [in any case] a book to leave you giddy with laughter .

Nevertheless , prepare yourself for some surprises when you cross the borders .
[in any case] , prepare yourself for some surprises when you cross the borders .

Nevertheless , this is clearly only part of the answer .
[in any case] , this is clearly only part of the answer .

Nevertheless , the book is undoubtedly a good , racy read , especially in its first 100 pages .
[in any case] , the book is undoubtedly a good , racy read , especially in its first 100 pages .

People who understand that the separation of church and state in the majority community is a prerequisite of religious freedom , are nevertheless happy to override principles of equality and human rights in minority communities by handing their political control over to religious leaders .
people who understand that the separation of church and state in the majority community is a prerequisite of religious freedom , are [in any case] happy to override principles of equality and human rights in minority communities by handing their political control over to religious leaders .

Nevertheless , Cooper and Clark conclude that government could overcome these instabilities by adjusting interest rates ( to stimulate investment directly ) or by expanding government expenditure ( to raise the overall level of demand ) , if there were no other constraints upon them .
[in any case] , cooper and clark conclude that government could overcome these instabilities by adjusting interest rates ( to stimulate investment directly ) or by expanding government expenditure ( to raise the overall level of demand ) , if there were no other constraints upon them .

Nevertheless , attempting to detect a cyclical trend on the basis of just three cycles is a risky enterprise .
[in any case] , attempting to detect a cyclical trend on the basis of just three cycles is a risky enterprise .

Nevertheless , the rapid uptake of the technology , with the implications this has for very substantial job displacement in some sectors , even if matched in the longer term by job creation elsewhere , is highly likely to create further problems for the economy and for society to handle .
[in any case] , the rapid uptake of the technology , with the implications this has for very substantial job displacement in some sectors , even if matched in the longer term by job creation elsewhere , is highly likely to create further problems for the economy and for society to handle .

Nevertheless , Kalmar is important as an example of what can be done by changing the technology of traditional assembly work .
[in any case] , kalmar is important as an example of what can be done by changing the technology of traditional assembly work .

Nevertheless , the Charismatic Movement continues its relentless search for evidence of satanic influence and there is a history of an active Charismatic ministry in Orkney .
[in any case] , the charismatic movement continues its relentless search for evidence of satanic influence and there is a history of an active charismatic ministry in orkney .

Although she has yet to meet her future spouse , she nevertheless has an idée fixe when it comes to her prospective spouse 's physique .
although she has yet to meet her future spouse , she [in any case] has an idée fixe when it comes to her prospective spouse 's physique .

It is a science that ordinary people feel powerless to influence but which will nevertheless have a bearing on every major site in the London area .
it is a science that ordinary people feel powerless to influence but which will [in any case] have a bearing on every major site in the london area .

Separated bridles linked to two lines enabled this American invention to be positioned within reasonable accuracy over any likely shipwreck victim.The kite was star shaped and would thus lack the refinement of current designs ; but nevertheless , it must be credited as the first of the steerables .
separated bridles linked to two lines enabled this american invention to be positioned within reasonable accuracy over any likely shipwreck victim.the kite was star shaped and would thus lack the refinement of current designs ; but [in any case] , it must be credited as the first of the steerables .

Designed for glide ratio rather than aerobatics , the paragliders nevertheless can teach the foil-kite designer something , just as we strongly suspect they in turn , had already learned from the Flexifoil .
designed for glide ratio rather than aerobatics , the paragliders [in any case] can teach the foil-kite designer something , just as we strongly suspect they in turn , had already learned from the flexifoil .

Nevertheless it was apparent that there was going to be a greater preponderance of lords and knights in this affair than Will Douglas , for one , desired ; but his uncle was reluctant to refuse any .
[in any case] it was apparent that there was going to be a greater preponderance of lords and knights in this affair than will douglas , for one , desired ; but his uncle was reluctant to refuse any .

The leaders approached it cautiously nevertheless .
the leaders approached it cautiously [in any case] .

Nevertheless there were times when Alexander Ramsay had to admit to himself that he found all this , essential and worth while as it certainly was , somehow less than satisfying after all the excitements of the recent past ; a feeling of being understretched as it were , less than fully challenged .
[in any case] there were times when alexander ramsay had to admit to himself that he found all this , essential and worth while as it certainly was , somehow less than satisfying after all the excitements of the recent past ; a feeling of being understretched as it were , less than fully challenged .

Nevertheless he insisted that , at least until they were over Esk , they must all stay together ; they owed that to the Border men and indeed all who looked for a share in the spoil .
[in any case] he insisted that , at least until they were over esk , they must all stay together ; they owed that to the border men and indeed all who looked for a share in the spoil .

Nevertheless his reaction now was less than might have been expected , for he was an impressionable man where women were concerned .
[in any case] his reaction now was less than might have been expected , for he was an impressionable man where women were concerned .

Nevertheless , Seton and his lieutenants , watching from the parapet of the main North Gate , decided that a warning salvo would do no harm , and show Edward that they were not all like the Earl of Dunbar .
[in any case] , seton and his lieutenants , watching from the parapet of the main north gate , decided that a warning salvo would do no harm , and show edward that they were not all like the earl of dunbar .

But broken up , nevertheless .
but broken up , [in any case] .

Both these processes were more evident in the French than in the British territories , say the authors , who nevertheless caution against making too much of this .
both these processes were more evident in the french than in the british territories , say the authors , who [in any case] caution against making too much of this .

For , while Léopold Senghor and Houphouet-Boigny were able to communicate with their political colleagues in Paris , they had nevertheless not forgotten how to communicate with their own people .
for , while léopold senghor and houphouet-boigny were able to communicate with their political colleagues in paris , they had [in any case] not forgotten how to communicate with their own people .

It was not the first African paper , although nowadays some Tanzanians think that it was ; nevertheless it is the only one whose direct descendants are still in existence , and may be regarded as the first successful , viable paper ( that term has to be used in a relative sense ) edited and produced by Africans .
it was not the first african paper , although nowadays some tanzanians think that it was ; [in any case] it is the only one whose direct descendants are still in existence , and may be regarded as the first successful , viable paper ( that term has to be used in a relative sense ) edited and produced by africans .

Nevertheless , the independence of the mass media elsewhere has declined : newspapers which had formerly been privately owned either disappeared or were taken over in , among other places , Ghana , Ivory Coast , Zambia , Cameroon and Malawi .
[in any case] , the independence of the mass media elsewhere has declined : newspapers which had formerly been privately owned either disappeared or were taken over in , among other places , ghana , ivory coast , zambia , cameroon and malawi .

Undeterred nevertheless , he splashes the details of his serious allegations all over the front page , only to discover that
undeterred [in any case] , he splashes the details of his serious allegations all over the front page , only to discover that

Nevertheless , the typology does not fit the African scene at all adequately .
[in any case] , the typology does not fit the african scene at all adequately .

Actual news coverage in the press was nevertheless more comprehensive than that on the radio and television .
actual news coverage in the press was [in any case] more comprehensive than that on the radio and television .

Incorporation into the civil service nevertheless creates many problems .
incorporation into the civil service [in any case] creates many problems .

This may seem an excessively cynical view ; nevertheless , it was one held by many Zambian broadcasters and did seem to have some basis in fact .
this may seem an excessively cynical view ; [in any case] , it was one held by many zambian broadcasters and did seem to have some basis in fact .

Nevertheless , certain clear patterns emerge from interviews conducted in Zambia in 1972 .
[in any case] , certain clear patterns emerge from interviews conducted in zambia in 1972 .

Nevertheless , the great majority of the letters involved marriage and love problems .
[in any case] , the great majority of the letters involved marriage and love problems .

Nevertheless , the Minister did not think at this time that it was necessary to end the corporate status of Tanzania 's radio service .
[in any case] , the minister did not think at this time that it was necessary to end the corporate status of tanzania 's radio service .

Nevertheless the episode had shown the Government that it had no authority to ban newspapers published in Tanzania which were properly registered and also that it might have been in difficulty had it not discovered a technical irregularity in the case of Ulimwengu .
[in any case] the episode had shown the government that it had no authority to ban newspapers published in tanzania which were properly registered and also that it might have been in difficulty had it not discovered a technical irregularity in the case of ulimwengu .

The proprietors of the privately owned press , however benevolent , were nevertheless wealthy and unrepresentative of the people as a whole .
the proprietors of the privately owned press , however benevolent , were [in any case] wealthy and unrepresentative of the people as a whole .

Nevertheless , it was radio which played the greatest role in the development of music .
[in any case] , it was radio which played the greatest role in the development of music .

Censorship and control are nevertheless often made to look absurd .
censorship and control are [in any case] often made to look absurd .

It is nevertheless a fractured kind of pluralism which reflects the political situation and in turn helps , to a large extent , to define and create the situation it reports .
it is [in any case] a fractured kind of pluralism which reflects the political situation and in turn helps , to a large extent , to define and create the situation it reports .

Nevertheless it is possible to distinguish a number of broadly different approaches and we shall consider four .
[in any case] it is possible to distinguish a number of broadly different approaches and we shall consider four .

In The Wealth of Nations , Adam Smith showed how even though each individual pursued his own self-interest , nevertheless through the invisible hand he was led ‘ to promote an end which was no part in his intentions ’ .
in the wealth of nations , adam smith showed how even though each individual pursued his own self-interest , [in any case] through the invisible hand he was led ‘ to promote an end which was no part in his intentions ’ .

Nevertheless , the collective ownership of the means of production — the nationalisation of most industries — is a central feature of communist countries .
[in any case] , the collective ownership of the means of production — the nationalisation of most industries — is a central feature of communist countries .

There are many committed Marxists who recognise the horror of the Soviet Union but who nevertheless feel that a Marxist state can be established without a loss of freedom .
there are many committed marxists who recognise the horror of the soviet union but who [in any case] feel that a marxist state can be established without a loss of freedom .

Although they are enunciated in the Old Testament in the context of a primitive agricultural society they nevertheless embody principles of lasting value .
although they are enunciated in the old testament in the context of a primitive agricultural society they [in any case] embody principles of lasting value .

Although independent of his creation he is nevertheless continually involved in its maintenance .
although independent of his creation he is [in any case] continually involved in its maintenance .

Although the structure which is presented is an ideal — similar indeed to the Ten Commandments , nevertheless in the same way that the Ten Commandments are relevant to our legal system so the principles which underlie the Pentateuch are relevant to economic life — principally because they express universal truth .
although the structure which is presented is an ideal — similar indeed to the ten commandments , [in any case] in the same way that the ten commandments are relevant to our legal system so the principles which underlie the pentateuch are relevant to economic life — principally because they express universal truth .

Nevertheless it is a critical part of the ideal of the Jewish economic system .
[in any case] it is a critical part of the ideal of the jewish economic system .

Although part of nature in that he is made from dust , he is nevertheless created in the image of God and as such possesses many of the qualities of Godhead : mind , will , emotions , conscience .
although part of nature in that he is made from dust , he is [in any case] created in the image of god and as such possesses many of the qualities of godhead : mind , will , emotions , conscience .

Nevertheless corporations continue to remain an object of criticism .
[in any case] corporations continue to remain an object of criticism .

While the key features of each — the limited liability company , the use of collective bargaining and the state provision of welfare — all have something of a Christian basis in terms of providing outlets for savings , strengthening the family , and correcting injustice and providing for those in need , nevertheless it is easy to see how they can become taken over by humanistic philosophy — so that they become unlimited freedom to create wealth , the use of collective power and the denial of individual merit and the state as the alternative for the family and private charity .
while the key features of each — the limited liability company , the use of collective bargaining and the state provision of welfare — all have something of a christian basis in terms of providing outlets for savings , strengthening the family , and correcting injustice and providing for those in need , [in any case] it is easy to see how they can become taken over by humanistic philosophy — so that they become unlimited freedom to create wealth , the use of collective power and the denial of individual merit and the state as the alternative for the family and private charity .

Nevertheless , despite Northgate 's Irish facade and despite the growth of local mosquito exploration companies , mining in Ireland has since the sixties always been controlled from outside the country .
[in any case] , despite northgate 's irish facade and despite the growth of local mosquito exploration companies , mining in ireland has since the sixties always been controlled from outside the country .

At the moment , only as a dream at the back of his head , was the future , perhaps in a year or two ; Lear , with his Dinah as a stubborn , tactless Cordelia whom , nevertheless , France had loved .
at the moment , only as a dream at the back of his head , was the future , perhaps in a year or two ; lear , with his dinah as a stubborn , tactless cordelia whom , [in any case] , france had loved .

Nevertheless he still worked .
[in any case] he still worked .

Nevertheless his eyes rested on her , as they had done that first day .
[in any case] his eyes rested on her , as they had done that first day .

’ But he took the tip nevertheless .
’ but he took the tip [in any case] .

For the same reason they understand why Gandalf tells Frodo not to use the Ring ( use always causes addiction ) ; why Sam , Bilbo and Frodo nevertheless survive their use of it ( addiction in early stages is curable ) ; why Boromir succumbs to the Ring without handling it ( use has to be preceded by desire ) ; and why Faramir can shrug it off ( a wise person is capable of stifling the desire to become addicted , though no wisdom will stifle addiction once contracted ) .
for the same reason they understand why gandalf tells frodo not to use the ring ( use always causes addiction ) ; why sam , bilbo and frodo [in any case] survive their use of it ( addiction in early stages is curable ) ; why boromir succumbs to the ring without handling it ( use has to be preceded by desire ) ; and why faramir can shrug it off ( a wise person is capable of stifling the desire to become addicted , though no wisdom will stifle addiction once contracted ) .

Still , there is an alternative tradition in Western thought , one which has never become ‘ official ’ but which nevertheless arises spontaneously from experience .
still , there is an alternative tradition in western thought , one which has never become ‘ official ’ but which [in any case] arises spontaneously from experience .

This says that while it may be all very well to make philosophical statements about evil , evil nevertheless is real , and not merely an absence ; and what 's more it can be resisted , and what 's more still not resisting it ( in the belief that one day Omnipotence will cure all ills ) is a dereliction of duty .
this says that while it may be all very well to make philosophical statements about evil , evil [in any case] is real , and not merely an absence ; and what 's more it can be resisted , and what 's more still not resisting it ( in the belief that one day omnipotence will cure all ills ) is a dereliction of duty .

Nevertheless his career reveals the strong point of a ‘ heroic ’ view of evil , the weak point of a Boethian one : if you regard evil as something internal , to be pitied , more harmful to the malefactor than the victim , you may be philosophically consistent but you may also be exposing others to sacrifices to which they have not consented ( like being murdered by Viking ravagers or , as The Lord of the Rings was being written , being herded into gas-chambers ) .
[in any case] his career reveals the strong point of a ‘ heroic ’ view of evil , the weak point of a boethian one : if you regard evil as something internal , to be pitied , more harmful to the malefactor than the victim , you may be philosophically consistent but you may also be exposing others to sacrifices to which they have not consented ( like being murdered by viking ravagers or , as the lord of the rings was being written , being herded into gas-chambers ) .

Nevertheless it seems that there the external power is abetted by some inner weakness , some potentially wicked impulse towards the wrong side .
[in any case] it seems that there the external power is abetted by some inner weakness , some potentially wicked impulse towards the wrong side .

Nevertheless Tolkien was himself a Christian , and he faced a problem in the ‘ theory of courage ’ he so much admired : its mainspring is despair , its spirit often heathen ferocity .
[in any case] tolkien was himself a christian , and he faced a problem in the ‘ theory of courage ’ he so much admired : its mainspring is despair , its spirit often heathen ferocity .

In The Lord of the Rings it can be expressed by such high-status characters as Faramir , who says at one point that he does not hope to see Frodo ever again , but nevertheless invents a picture of them in an unknown future ‘ sitting by a wall in the sun , laughing at grief ’ .
in the lord of the rings it can be expressed by such high-status characters as faramir , who says at one point that he does not hope to see frodo ever again , but [in any case] invents a picture of them in an unknown future ‘ sitting by a wall in the sun , laughing at grief ’ .

Saruman nevertheless does have one distinctively modern trait , which is his association with Socialism .
saruman [in any case] does have one distinctively modern trait , which is his association with socialism .

Nevertheless his characters are heathens , strictly speaking , and Tolkien , having pondered for so long on the Beowulf -poet 's careful balances , was as aware of this fact as he was aware of the opposing images of open Christianity poised at many moments to take over his story .
[in any case] his characters are heathens , strictly speaking , and tolkien , having pondered for so long on the beowulf -poet 's careful balances , was as aware of this fact as he was aware of the opposing images of open christianity poised at many moments to take over his story .

Nevertheless he is not a Christian and nor is Arwen .
[in any case] he is not a christian and nor is arwen .

Nevertheless there is at least one sense in which The Lord of the Rings can claim ‘ mythic ’ status , which is as ‘ a story embodying the deepest feelings of a particular society at a particular time ’ .
[in any case] there is at least one sense in which the lord of the rings can claim ‘ mythic ’ status , which is as ‘ a story embodying the deepest feelings of a particular society at a particular time ’ .

This is via Northrop Frye 's now-famous book , the Anatomy of Criticism ( 1957 ) , a work which never mentions The Lord of the Rings , but nevertheless creates a literary place for it with Sibylline accuracy .
this is via northrop frye 's now-famous book , the anatomy of criticism ( 1957 ) , a work which never mentions the lord of the rings , but [in any case] creates a literary place for it with sibylline accuracy .

Nevertheless it is a mistake to think that the only literary modes which exist are those one period is familiar with .
[in any case] it is a mistake to think that the only literary modes which exist are those one period is familiar with .

Nevertheless the style of the passage is deliberately neutral .
[in any case] the style of the passage is deliberately neutral .

Nevertheless a strong archaic effect is produced , by inversion of nouns and adjectives , careful selection of adverbs of time like ‘ yet ’ and ‘ seldom ’ , and other less obvious linguistic features .
[in any case] a strong archaic effect is produced , by inversion of nouns and adjectives , careful selection of adverbs of time like ‘ yet ’ and ‘ seldom ’ , and other less obvious linguistic features .

None of us can expect assistance from a Vala ; nevertheless in any kind of Mordor it is one 's duty to go on .
none of us can expect assistance from a vala ; [in any case] in any kind of mordor it is one 's duty to go on .

Rufus , who had n't much appreciation of nature usually , nevertheless found himself gazing in something like wonderment at all the roses , yellow and pink and apricot and dark red , a hedge of white ones , a cascade of peach-red that covered a pergola .
rufus , who had n't much appreciation of nature usually , [in any case] found himself gazing in something like wonderment at all the roses , yellow and pink and apricot and dark red , a hedge of white ones , a cascade of peach-red that covered a pergola .

It was ironical that Adam , who was the owner of that big house and all that land and the contents of the house , nevertheless went down to Nunes the second time with less than a fiver in his pocket .
it was ironical that adam , who was the owner of that big house and all that land and the contents of the house , [in any case] went down to nunes the second time with less than a fiver in his pocket .

Claiming that although in the end ‘ their services had not been required ’ , he thought that nevertheless ‘ they would have expected and received some share of the proceeds ’ and it was presumably while Griffiths was being handed his share of the proceeds from Mr Ross 's safe that bits of brown paper and bits of white paper could have found their way into his overcoat pocket .
claiming that although in the end ‘ their services had not been required ’ , he thought that [in any case] ‘ they would have expected and received some share of the proceeds ’ and it was presumably while griffiths was being handed his share of the proceeds from mr ross 's safe that bits of brown paper and bits of white paper could have found their way into his overcoat pocket .

It was a loose patronage and a loose allegiance , but it was there , nevertheless .
it was a loose patronage and a loose allegiance , but it was there , [in any case] .

Nevertheless , the College could not have informants everywhere and though some funerals were based on the College 's formularies , the client ensured that the most important hallmarks of a College of Arms funeral — the funerary ‘ achievements ’ — were substituted by objects loosely indicative of them .
[in any case] , the college could not have informants everywhere and though some funerals were based on the college 's formularies , the client ensured that the most important hallmarks of a college of arms funeral — the funerary ‘ achievements ’ — were substituted by objects loosely indicative of them .

Nevertheless they did issue trade cards and it is from such items and other related mercantile ephemera that we are able to reconstruct a reliable overview of the trade , their connection with other business houses and their livery company affiliations .
[in any case] they did issue trade cards and it is from such items and other related mercantile ephemera that we are able to reconstruct a reliable overview of the trade , their connection with other business houses and their livery company affiliations .

Nevertheless , trade cards seem to have been regarded as an important form of advertising and during the eighteenth century a number of well-known artists were commissioned to design such items .
[in any case] , trade cards seem to have been regarded as an important form of advertising and during the eighteenth century a number of well-known artists were commissioned to design such items .

The head of the ‘ effigy ’ is a wax portrait — Bentham 's own head was removed , desiccated , provided with glass eyes and placed under a glass dome to sit between the feet of the auto-icon ; it , too , is now on public display — a little start-eyed , yet nevertheless recognizable ( Col. 3 ) .
the head of the ‘ effigy ’ is a wax portrait — bentham 's own head was removed , desiccated , provided with glass eyes and placed under a glass dome to sit between the feet of the auto-icon ; it , too , is now on public display — a little start-eyed , yet [in any case] recognizable ( col. 3 ) .

It was a highly unpopular Act ; nevertheless it remained on the statute books until 1815 .
it was a highly unpopular act ; [in any case] it remained on the statute books until 1815 .

Nevertheless , some of the coffin furniture produced during the 1730s was of a high standard , though the designs were limited , rococo in style , and copied ad nauseam by a multitude of tin-plate manufacturers in London and Birmingham .
[in any case] , some of the coffin furniture produced during the 1730s was of a high standard , though the designs were limited , rococo in style , and copied ad nauseam by a multitude of tin-plate manufacturers in london and birmingham .

Nevertheless , many a London manufacturer had profited by it and was easily able to afford the type of little memento shown in 57 .
[in any case] , many a london manufacturer had profited by it and was easily able to afford the type of little memento shown in 57 .

Nevertheless , Messrs Jarvis did produce an ingenious creature which , with its standard outer case , would have fooled even Burke and Hare .
[in any case] , messrs jarvis did produce an ingenious creature which , with its standard outer case , would have fooled even burke and hare .

Nevertheless he was determined to do his bit , so he gave up the firewood business and went back to the casting shop to make shell cases .
[in any case] he was determined to do his bit , so he gave up the firewood business and went back to the casting shop to make shell cases .

Nevertheless , we were unable to book a proposed two-day conference for 70 delegates within the next three months .
[in any case] , we were unable to book a proposed two-day conference for 70 delegates within the next three months .

Nevertheless , it is still necessary to sell the ‘ idea ’ of timeshare before we can sell the units themselves .
[in any case] , it is still necessary to sell the ‘ idea ’ of timeshare before we can sell the units themselves .

Greenall Whitley and Boddingtons ) , but it nevertheless retains a market niche as a regional brewery specializing in distinctive , good quality beers .
greenall whitley and boddingtons ) , but it [in any case] retains a market niche as a regional brewery specializing in distinctive , good quality beers .

Nevertheless , it was necessary to think about the future .
[in any case] , it was necessary to think about the future .

Almost painfully avant-garde in style , it nevertheless remains a landmark in post-Soviet literature .
almost painfully avant-garde in style , it [in any case] remains a landmark in post-soviet literature .

Rarely sexy , it is nevertheless far spunkier than Ambition .
rarely sexy , it is [in any case] far spunkier than ambition .

Hardly compact enough to squeeze into your average Tokyo matchbox flat but all the rage nevertheless , this surreal Daliesque chair was designed by Japanese ‘ furniture tailor ’ Yoichi Nakamura . Slightly confusingly named Utsly-Gtsly , this model is one of many Nakamura creations made up from sketches given to him by flat-proud clients with 200,000 yen to spend
hardly compact enough to squeeze into your average tokyo matchbox flat but all the rage [in any case] , this surreal daliesque chair was designed by japanese ‘ furniture tailor ’ yoichi nakamura . slightly confusingly named utsly-gtsly , this model is one of many nakamura creations made up from sketches given to him by flat-proud clients with 200,000 yen to spend

Nevertheless if you do get a cheque marked ‘ refer to drawer ’ or with some similarly depressing comment , immediately let your debtor know what Section 15 has to say .
[in any case] if you do get a cheque marked ‘ refer to drawer ’ or with some similarly depressing comment , immediately let your debtor know what section 15 has to say .

Nevertheless computers are a great help with credit management in preparing invoices , statements , follow-up letters and a wide range of analysis reports .
[in any case] computers are a great help with credit management in preparing invoices , statements , follow-up letters and a wide range of analysis reports .

There are no special court pro-formas for the writ but nevertheless they must contain certain details as required by the Sheriff Court Acts .
there are no special court pro-formas for the writ but [in any case] they must contain certain details as required by the sheriff court acts .

Nevertheless in most cases the right of possession and the right to the proceeds of the sale of your goods can only be helpful .
[in any case] in most cases the right of possession and the right to the proceeds of the sale of your goods can only be helpful .

Nevertheless , the court decided that imprisonment would be in neither Howard 's nor the public 's interests , so he was fined £50 , ordered to pay £30 costs and disqualified from driving for eight years .
[in any case] , the court decided that imprisonment would be in neither howard 's nor the public 's interests , so he was fined £50 , ordered to pay £30 costs and disqualified from driving for eight years .

’ Celia , though aware that this might happen , was nevertheless taken by surprise .
’ celia , though aware that this might happen , was [in any case] taken by surprise .

It was an escapist occupation about which she felt almost guilty with a war on , but nevertheless found helpful in times of extra stress .
it was an escapist occupation about which she felt almost guilty with a war on , but [in any case] found helpful in times of extra stress .

Nevertheless , she had invariably done her best for her child as , indeed , she was now doing for her grandchild .
[in any case] , she had invariably done her best for her child as , indeed , she was now doing for her grandchild .

She volunteered the information that her eldest daughter was ‘ that good with little ones ’ , also that her eldest son , Bert , then fifteen and dead set on becoming a fisherman , might nevertheless be able to lend a hand now and then on ‘ the farm ’ , as she called the Tremaynes ' few acres .
she volunteered the information that her eldest daughter was ‘ that good with little ones ’ , also that her eldest son , bert , then fifteen and dead set on becoming a fisherman , might [in any case] be able to lend a hand now and then on ‘ the farm ’ , as she called the tremaynes ' few acres .

Although her brother , Bert , was now employed by a local fisherman , Arnold Spence , and could do no more than a few day 's work at Four Winds now and then , nevertheless her new arrangements left Harriet free to work outside herself and this regular exercise had a calming effect , releasing her from a great deal of inner tension .
although her brother , bert , was now employed by a local fisherman , arnold spence , and could do no more than a few day 's work at four winds now and then , [in any case] her new arrangements left harriet free to work outside herself and this regular exercise had a calming effect , releasing her from a great deal of inner tension .

Surprisingly , perhaps , he had only risen to the rank of major but , nevertheless , this status had afforded him a certain standard of living , being waited on by subordinates , an agreeable social life and plenty of opportunity , whenever the fancy took him , of indulging in affairs with the opposite sex .
surprisingly , perhaps , he had only risen to the rank of major but , [in any case] , this status had afforded him a certain standard of living , being waited on by subordinates , an agreeable social life and plenty of opportunity , whenever the fancy took him , of indulging in affairs with the opposite sex .

Nevertheless , Alexai Ybreska gazed upon the weed-festooned mound with a beam of satisfaction .
[in any case] , alexai ybreska gazed upon the weed-festooned mound with a beam of satisfaction .

Nevertheless , Kirov had discreetly continued to drop vague references , recall some fictitious anecdote concerning Vologsky 's parents .
[in any case] , kirov had discreetly continued to drop vague references , recall some fictitious anecdote concerning vologsky 's parents .

Nevertheless , he remained crouched on the ground for several seconds before dragging himself to his feet .
[in any case] , he remained crouched on the ground for several seconds before dragging himself to his feet .

Nevertheless , some of the more progressive suppliers are now moving down that road in some instances , albeit very gradually .
[in any case] , some of the more progressive suppliers are now moving down that road in some instances , albeit very gradually .

In effect it is conceded that society was in a state of flux , consisting not of four but of five estates , subject nevertheless to fundamental reservations , for the labouring poor are not adjudged worthy of an independent voice .
in effect it is conceded that society was in a state of flux , consisting not of four but of five estates , subject [in any case] to fundamental reservations , for the labouring poor are not adjudged worthy of an independent voice .

Nevertheless , if men such as these were in fact the local recruiting agents , not all were equipped for the job ; Nicholas Hill of Oakham , though servant to no less a figure than the king , possessed neither arms nor armour .
[in any case] , if men such as these were in fact the local recruiting agents , not all were equipped for the job ; nicholas hill of oakham , though servant to no less a figure than the king , possessed neither arms nor armour .

Nevertheless , they were not unaffected by the general prosperity of the district : more than one in three owned goods valued at 40s .
[in any case] , they were not unaffected by the general prosperity of the district : more than one in three owned goods valued at 40s .

Nevertheless , the wording is not entirely free from ambiguity , and no doubt some officials decided to play it safe .
[in any case] , the wording is not entirely free from ambiguity , and no doubt some officials decided to play it safe .

The consensus of opinion , nevertheless , was that the fundamental demarcation occurred at £40 .
the consensus of opinion , [in any case] , was that the fundamental demarcation occurred at £40 .

Nevertheless , in the long run the prospect was apt to prove illusory , poverty being the enduring characteristic of this and similar regions , which , in consequence , attracted by-employments of many kinds .
[in any case] , in the long run the prospect was apt to prove illusory , poverty being the enduring characteristic of this and similar regions , which , in consequence , attracted by-employments of many kinds .

Nevertheless , as members of relatively poor peasant families , and so technically landless , most of these people can have owned little or no personal property in their own right .
[in any case] , as members of relatively poor peasant families , and so technically landless , most of these people can have owned little or no personal property in their own right .

The precise composition of the £0-£4 group can only be guessed at ; nevertheless it is clear that the gulf between the merchant class and the artisan population was a very wide one indeed .
the precise composition of the £0-£4 group can only be guessed at ; [in any case] it is clear that the gulf between the merchant class and the artisan population was a very wide one indeed .

Two entries at Aylesbury , nevertheless , warn against rigid categorisation , viz .
two entries at aylesbury , [in any case] , warn against rigid categorisation , viz .

Nevertheless , Said 's comments suggest the wider significance of his project .
[in any case] , said 's comments suggest the wider significance of his project .

The well-known deconstruction carried out in ‘ Structure , Sign , and Play ’ shows how the constitution of anthropological knowledge , though often paraded as scientific and objective , is nevertheless governed by a problematic of which it remains unaware : the philosophical category of the centre — which Derrida then proceeds to articulate with the problem of Eurocentrism .
the well-known deconstruction carried out in ‘ structure , sign , and play ’ shows how the constitution of anthropological knowledge , though often paraded as scientific and objective , is [in any case] governed by a problematic of which it remains unaware : the philosophical category of the centre — which derrida then proceeds to articulate with the problem of eurocentrism .

Nevertheless the suggestion that structuralism and poststructuralism have denied history is a persuasive one which now has wide currency .
[in any case] the suggestion that structuralism and poststructuralism have denied history is a persuasive one which now has wide currency .

Notwithstanding their philosophical and political differences , there are nevertheless certain similarities between Althusser 's and Sartre 's projects when viewed in relation to orthodox Marxism .
notwithstanding their philosophical and political differences , there are [in any case] certain similarities between althusser 's and sartre 's projects when viewed in relation to orthodox marxism .

The Hegelian model of the coexistence of presence which allows the possibility of the ‘ essential section ’ is incompatible with this description , but Althusser continues to assume nevertheless that there is a totality and that it has ‘ the structure of an organic hierarchised whole ’ ( 98 ) .
the hegelian model of the coexistence of presence which allows the possibility of the ‘ essential section ’ is incompatible with this description , but althusser continues to assume [in any case] that there is a totality and that it has ‘ the structure of an organic hierarchised whole ’ ( 98 ) .

So if there are different histories , they must nevertheless be related to those other histories from which they differ but with which they , articulate in a structure of relative effectivity .
so if there are different histories , they must [in any case] be related to those other histories from which they differ but with which they , articulate in a structure of relative effectivity .

If his notion of the mode of production as such a totality could not be sustained in a differential relation to other modes of production ( notions of residual and emergent forms notwithstanding ) , Althusser nevertheless offered a particularly interesting theorization of the problems involved in the concept of the historical , articulating the paradoxical conditions of any theorization of history .
if his notion of the mode of production as such a totality could not be sustained in a differential relation to other modes of production ( notions of residual and emergent forms notwithstanding ) , althusser [in any case] offered a particularly interesting theorization of the problems involved in the concept of the historical , articulating the paradoxical conditions of any theorization of history .

It is at this point that the subject of history re-enters ; history may be a process without one , but the subject is nevertheless inscribed within history .
it is at this point that the subject of history re-enters ; history may be a process without one , but the subject is [in any case] inscribed within history .

In the post-Althusserian context of today it is nevertheless somewhat startling to find the Althusser of Reading Capital citing his debt to Foucault ( along with Bachelard , Cavaillès , and Canguilhem ) as one of our masters in reading learned works ' .
in the post-althusserian context of today it is [in any case] somewhat startling to find the althusser of reading capital citing his debt to foucault ( along with bachelard , cavaillès , and canguilhem ) as one of our masters in reading learned works ' .

It is interesting that despite this some writers are still prepared nevertheless to claim Foucault as a Marxist — perhaps less an indication of his Marxism than of his discursive power and the lack of alternatives within Marxism today .
it is interesting that despite this some writers are still prepared [in any case] to claim foucault as a marxist — perhaps less an indication of his marxism than of his discursive power and the lack of alternatives within marxism today .

Nevertheless we can say at least that his preoccupation with history has been consistent throughout : the articulation of repressed history in Madness and Civilization ( 1961 ) , the historicity of history in The Order of Things ( 1966 ) , the epistemic mutation of history and the theoretical difficulties of historiography in The Archaeology of knowledge ( 1969 ) , and the attempt to write a different kind of history , ‘ genealogy ’ , that demonstrates the emergence of new forms of power in Discipline and Punish ( 1975 ) and The History of Sexuality ( 1976–84 )
[in any case] we can say at least that his preoccupation with history has been consistent throughout : the articulation of repressed history in madness and civilization ( 1961 ) , the historicity of history in the order of things ( 1966 ) , the epistemic mutation of history and the theoretical difficulties of historiography in the archaeology of knowledge ( 1969 ) , and the attempt to write a different kind of history , ‘ genealogy ’ , that demonstrates the emergence of new forms of power in discipline and punish ( 1975 ) and the history of sexuality ( 1976–84 )

Sociologists have shown in a variety of bureaucratic and semi-bureaucratic contexts that , beneath the surface of formal rules and procedures , lie structures of informal rules — some of which the participants themselves may not be consciously aware — but which they , nevertheless , use to interpret and make sense of their more formal obligations and duties .
sociologists have shown in a variety of bureaucratic and semi-bureaucratic contexts that , beneath the surface of formal rules and procedures , lie structures of informal rules — some of which the participants themselves may not be consciously aware — but which they , [in any case] , use to interpret and make sense of their more formal obligations and duties .

Some may find it surprising nevertheless that in a time of cut-backs in state spending , thousands of millions of pounds have been spent on youth training since 1981 .
some may find it surprising [in any case] that in a time of cut-backs in state spending , thousands of millions of pounds have been spent on youth training since 1981 .

It seems that women , whose fractured identity inhibits their union activity , will nevertheless encourage others , especially those who are highly articulate , to speak up on their behalf .
it seems that women , whose fractured identity inhibits their union activity , will [in any case] encourage others , especially those who are highly articulate , to speak up on their behalf .

Even in modern democracies where the ‘ people 's will ’ is , in theory , sovereign , the state nevertheless constitutes ‘ a power ‘ up there ’ , separate from ‘ the people ’ who helped to form it ' ( Hall , 1984 , p. 14 ) .
even in modern democracies where the ‘ people 's will ’ is , in theory , sovereign , the state [in any case] constitutes ‘ a power ‘ up there ’ , separate from ‘ the people ’ who helped to form it ' ( hall , 1984 , p. 14 ) .

Nevertheless it is important to stress that debates take place among political scientists and sociologists as well as between them .
[in any case] it is important to stress that debates take place among political scientists and sociologists as well as between them .

In spite of their unsystematic nature they were nevertheless very influential in constructing a particular image of political woman .
in spite of their unsystematic nature they were [in any case] very influential in constructing a particular image of political woman .

Nevertheless , while then as now there were important class differences among women , there was the potential for some women to exert indirect influence over the public domain from their power bases within the family ( as , for example , the wives , mothers , mistresses of powerful men ) .
[in any case] , while then as now there were important class differences among women , there was the potential for some women to exert indirect influence over the public domain from their power bases within the family ( as , for example , the wives , mothers , mistresses of powerful men ) .

The Lieutenant nevertheless persisted in trying to enlighten the veteran soldier .
the lieutenant [in any case] persisted in trying to enlighten the veteran soldier .

Nevertheless he was too much in awe of the older woman to make any voluble protest .
[in any case] he was too much in awe of the older woman to make any voluble protest .

Nevertheless , as clearly as he could , he wrote down what he had observed — that a large French force of infantry , cavalry and artillery was marching north out of Charleroi on the Brussels road .
[in any case] , as clearly as he could , he wrote down what he had observed — that a large french force of infantry , cavalry and artillery was marching north out of charleroi on the brussels road .

The appointment had been purely political , for Wellington had not wanted him , and the exiled Prince had consequently been kept well away from any fighting , though the experience had nevertheless convinced the young man that he had a fine talent for soldiering .
the appointment had been purely political , for wellington had not wanted him , and the exiled prince had consequently been kept well away from any fighting , though the experience had [in any case] convinced the young man that he had a fine talent for soldiering .

Nevertheless , the action was heard by the Lord Chancellor , Lord Eldon , in March 1803 .
[in any case] , the action was heard by the lord chancellor , lord eldon , in march 1803 .

Nevertheless , he was retained and the secretary was instructed to write to the parish officers informing them of the same ; they were told to pay the subscription within a few days otherwise Spies would be discharged from the infirmary .
[in any case] , he was retained and the secretary was instructed to write to the parish officers informing them of the same ; they were told to pay the subscription within a few days otherwise spies would be discharged from the infirmary .

Orcs do n't have kingdoms or countries in the same way as Men do , but there are nevertheless areas where Orcs or Goblins are very definitely in control .
orcs do n't have kingdoms or countries in the same way as men do , but there are [in any case] areas where orcs or goblins are very definitely in control .

Nevertheless , it is necessary to introduce some significant qualifying remarks about the current direction of policies and procedures in many authorities .
[in any case] , it is necessary to introduce some significant qualifying remarks about the current direction of policies and procedures in many authorities .

Nevertheless , there are dangers that too much haste puts at risk that necessary bond of mutual trust and co-operation between the policymaker and those who are called upon to implement policy .
[in any case] , there are dangers that too much haste puts at risk that necessary bond of mutual trust and co-operation between the policymaker and those who are called upon to implement policy .

Irrespective of differing views and attitudes towards any one or more of these issues , we would nevertheless acknowledge a number of overriding principles that are rooted within a humanitarian philosophy which concerns protection of children 's rights ; granting of equal opportunities ; and acknowledging the univer-sality of children 's needs in relation to the individuality of their needs .
irrespective of differing views and attitudes towards any one or more of these issues , we would [in any case] acknowledge a number of overriding principles that are rooted within a humanitarian philosophy which concerns protection of children 's rights ; granting of equal opportunities ; and acknowledging the univer-sality of children 's needs in relation to the individuality of their needs .

Although few local authorities have written special needs policies and written commitment to integration , nevertheless ‘ on the ground ’ practitioners test out its viability by placing pre-schoolers with assessed special needs in education and social service nurseries , and in playgroups .
although few local authorities have written special needs policies and written commitment to integration , [in any case] ‘ on the ground ’ practitioners test out its viability by placing pre-schoolers with assessed special needs in education and social service nurseries , and in playgroups .

The paper draws on a model which , while not held up as the definitive approach , could nevertheless serve as a working document for schools wrestling with the realities of moving towards an integrated structure .
the paper draws on a model which , while not held up as the definitive approach , could [in any case] serve as a working document for schools wrestling with the realities of moving towards an integrated structure .

Nevertheless , useful insights have been offered by such workers as Anderson , Hegarty and Hodgson .
[in any case] , useful insights have been offered by such workers as anderson , hegarty and hodgson .

Nevertheless , only about one in five had experience of handicapped or difficult children .
[in any case] , only about one in five had experience of handicapped or difficult children .

, for instance , acknowledge the complexity and contradictions of power relations , but nevertheless allocate people to one category only : ‘ women , blacks , trade unionists , gays , youth and national minorities ’ ( 1979 : 5 ) .
, for instance , acknowledge the complexity and contradictions of power relations , but [in any case] allocate people to one category only : ‘ women , blacks , trade unionists , gays , youth and national minorities ’ ( 1979 : 5 ) .

But she continues with an account of the difficulties of linking theories of ‘ race ’ , class , and gender , and of disagreements between black feminists , and with a vague plea for white women , who can not share black female experience , to nevertheless ‘ identify with ’ it ( 1987 : 61 , 64 , 65 ) .
but she continues with an account of the difficulties of linking theories of ‘ race ’ , class , and gender , and of disagreements between black feminists , and with a vague plea for white women , who can not share black female experience , to [in any case] ‘ identify with ’ it ( 1987 : 61 , 64 , 65 ) .

Feminist psychologists ' awareness of the complex discursive determinants of subjectivity is nevertheless greater than that of traditional psychologists .
feminist psychologists ' awareness of the complex discursive determinants of subjectivity is [in any case] greater than that of traditional psychologists .

Nevertheless , many feminist psychologists are criticizing the dominance of traditional , male-oriented methods and the marginalization of ‘ feminine ’ forms .
[in any case] , many feminist psychologists are criticizing the dominance of traditional , male-oriented methods and the marginalization of ‘ feminine ’ forms .

Nevertheless , its programmes for reforming theory often recall humanist psychological theories .
[in any case] , its programmes for reforming theory often recall humanist psychological theories .

Nevertheless , feminists recognize that women 's exclusion from culture and language is an important aspect of their experiences of subordination .
[in any case] , feminists recognize that women 's exclusion from culture and language is an important aspect of their experiences of subordination .

The analysis is strengthened because the psychology of moral reasoning is close to one particular non-psychological discourse : philosophy , from which it is nevertheless determined to assert its autonomy .
the analysis is strengthened because the psychology of moral reasoning is close to one particular non-psychological discourse : philosophy , from which it is [in any case] determined to assert its autonomy .

Nevertheless , she had to negotiate very clearly that the research would be done on sociological terms .
[in any case] , she had to negotiate very clearly that the research would be done on sociological terms .

Coffield , Borrill , and Marshall ( 1986 ) , though giving all the young people in their study pseudonyms of their own choosing , nevertheless ‘ decided to omit a large amount of the richest ( traceable ) data , on the principle that those who are researched own the facts of their own lives and have the right to decide what should and should not be published .
coffield , borrill , and marshall ( 1986 ) , though giving all the young people in their study pseudonyms of their own choosing , [in any case] ‘ decided to omit a large amount of the richest ( traceable ) data , on the principle that those who are researched own the facts of their own lives and have the right to decide what should and should not be published .

Though he often poses specific questions when exploring individual case studies , he nevertheless adopts a fairly wide-ranging conception of ‘ effects ’ since his orientation is towards such broad questions as ‘ effect of what kind upon whom or what ?
though he often poses specific questions when exploring individual case studies , he [in any case] adopts a fairly wide-ranging conception of ‘ effects ’ since his orientation is towards such broad questions as ‘ effect of what kind upon whom or what ?

It nevertheless managed to run a good ( television ) election campaign .
it [in any case] managed to run a good ( television ) election campaign .

Nevertheless , there has been some crossover of knowledge between these two camps , with each benefiting from the fertilization that has followed .
[in any case] , there has been some crossover of knowledge between these two camps , with each benefiting from the fertilization that has followed .

Nevertheless , one must not underestimate the importance of earlier ideas about press freedom , nor must one underestimate the extent to which these ideas still reside within more complex statements about the mass media .
[in any case] , one must not underestimate the importance of earlier ideas about press freedom , nor must one underestimate the extent to which these ideas still reside within more complex statements about the mass media .

Nevertheless , it is probable that ownership does contain within it the potential for direct and indirect control .
[in any case] , it is probable that ownership does contain within it the potential for direct and indirect control .

If advertisers can not be faulted for using mainly ‘ commercial criteria ’ rather than ideological/political ones in their decisions , it is nevertheless true that the outcome of those decisions in their totality have enormous implications .
if advertisers can not be faulted for using mainly ‘ commercial criteria ’ rather than ideological/political ones in their decisions , it is [in any case] true that the outcome of those decisions in their totality have enormous implications .

Nevertheless , it is now clear that newspaper proprietors have successfully exploited the perception that there would be an abundance of new titles as a direct outcome of the ‘ new technology ’ whilst confidently bringing enormous structural changes to the industry .
[in any case] , it is now clear that newspaper proprietors have successfully exploited the perception that there would be an abundance of new titles as a direct outcome of the ‘ new technology ’ whilst confidently bringing enormous structural changes to the industry .

Nevertheless , there is considerable stability in this firm , and average partner service exceeds seven years .
[in any case] , there is considerable stability in this firm , and average partner service exceeds seven years .

From the start , it was realised that for the branch of an American headhunting firm in London to gain credibility and attract clients unused to search , it was necessary to appoint British consultants and researchers rather than Americans , but nevertheless with strong support and detailed advice from the corporate headquarters across the Atlantic .
from the start , it was realised that for the branch of an american headhunting firm in london to gain credibility and attract clients unused to search , it was necessary to appoint british consultants and researchers rather than americans , but [in any case] with strong support and detailed advice from the corporate headquarters across the atlantic .

Nevertheless , good research departments whose staff had conceptual ability as well as research skills would be needed more than ever , and these were more likely to be found in the large , broad-based search firms .
[in any case] , good research departments whose staff had conceptual ability as well as research skills would be needed more than ever , and these were more likely to be found in the large , broad-based search firms .

Thus , even though they may for professional purposes , guarantee their subjects ' anonymity in return for access , they nevertheless stress that behind the ‘ sources in Whitehall ’ or ‘ the people of Hicktown ’ there are indeed real people ; thus establishing both their veracity and their morality .
thus , even though they may for professional purposes , guarantee their subjects ' anonymity in return for access , they [in any case] stress that behind the ‘ sources in whitehall ’ or ‘ the people of hicktown ’ there are indeed real people ; thus establishing both their veracity and their morality .

Every scientific paper , be it ever so short and its subject ever so tiny , is nevertheless supposed , at least in principle , to make claims about and build upon , in a logical and verifiable fashion , our knowledge of the rest of the entire natural and social world ; an ambitious aim .
every scientific paper , be it ever so short and its subject ever so tiny , is [in any case] supposed , at least in principle , to make claims about and build upon , in a logical and verifiable fashion , our knowledge of the rest of the entire natural and social world ; an ambitious aim .

Nevertheless , this wide-ranging set of inquiries does illustrate that the level of concern has risen to incorporate many of the lawyers ' traditional users and allies .
[in any case] , this wide-ranging set of inquiries does illustrate that the level of concern has risen to incorporate many of the lawyers ' traditional users and allies .

Nevertheless , the overriding impression left , after considering the public statements and documents of those involved in organising or endorsing the scheme , is the establishment of a service for that element of the community unable to help itself .
[in any case] , the overriding impression left , after considering the public statements and documents of those involved in organising or endorsing the scheme , is the establishment of a service for that element of the community unable to help itself .

Nevertheless , during the course of the interviews and our con-versations with friends and contacts in the profession it became apparent that the local law society 's publicly stated reason for the promotion of the scheme provided only a partial explanation of its inception .
[in any case] , during the course of the interviews and our con-versations with friends and contacts in the profession it became apparent that the local law society 's publicly stated reason for the promotion of the scheme provided only a partial explanation of its inception .

Nevertheless , none of the data really substantiated the imaginative tour de force of Gall and Spurzheim ( in Kolb and Whishaw 1985 ) who , at the turn of the nineteenth century , argued that the human cerebral cortex is subdivided into functional areas , each responsible for a different mental faculty .
[in any case] , none of the data really substantiated the imaginative tour de force of gall and spurzheim ( in kolb and whishaw 1985 ) who , at the turn of the nineteenth century , argued that the human cerebral cortex is subdivided into functional areas , each responsible for a different mental faculty .

Nevertheless , there is a thread of general issues that runs through this book .
[in any case] , there is a thread of general issues that runs through this book .

Nevertheless , the disruptive effects of damage may spread to other structures intimately linked to Broca 's area .
[in any case] , the disruptive effects of damage may spread to other structures intimately linked to broca 's area .

Nevertheless , since evolution is a conservative process our brains are likely to contain some components in common with other mammals in so far as they contain features that were characteristic of the common ancestor .
[in any case] , since evolution is a conservative process our brains are likely to contain some components in common with other mammals in so far as they contain features that were characteristic of the common ancestor .

Nevertheless , if you could identify common features it would be a good starting point for reconstructing the brain of the common ancestor .
[in any case] , if you could identify common features it would be a good starting point for reconstructing the brain of the common ancestor .

Nevertheless , some optimists continue to refer to the primary visual area in the rat as ‘ striate ’ cortex .
[in any case] , some optimists continue to refer to the primary visual area in the rat as ‘ striate ’ cortex .

Nevertheless , it is dangerous to get too carried away with the similarities since they can blind even the best researchers to new observations .
[in any case] , it is dangerous to get too carried away with the similarities since they can blind even the best researchers to new observations .

Although people with hippocampal lesions have appalling memories they are , nevertheless , capable of learning .
although people with hippocampal lesions have appalling memories they are , [in any case] , capable of learning .

Nevertheless , rats can be trained to carry out visual discrimination tasks and will use visual cues to guide their natural behaviour .
[in any case] , rats can be trained to carry out visual discrimination tasks and will use visual cues to guide their natural behaviour .

Nevertheless , it is possible to take advantage of the consistency of the three dimensional organization of the brain .
[in any case] , it is possible to take advantage of the consistency of the three dimensional organization of the brain .

Nevertheless , in reality there are difficulties with this method that limit its use .
[in any case] , in reality there are difficulties with this method that limit its use .

Nevertheless , by itself the traditional stimulation approach , using large sources of stimulation , is imprecise .
[in any case] , by itself the traditional stimulation approach , using large sources of stimulation , is imprecise .

Nevertheless , there are still problems .
[in any case] , there are still problems .

Nevertheless , there are features peculiar to the computational approach that have important implications for physiological psychologists and these are the topic of this section .
[in any case] , there are features peculiar to the computational approach that have important implications for physiological psychologists and these are the topic of this section .

Nevertheless , there is a computation that can be carried out on local areas of the image that will do the same job .
[in any case] , there is a computation that can be carried out on local areas of the image that will do the same job .

Nevertheless , even if the level of precision demanded by the computational approach has not yet been realized in most instances , the approach does have other benefits .
[in any case] , even if the level of precision demanded by the computational approach has not yet been realized in most instances , the approach does have other benefits .

Nevertheless , mammals that have had the whole of area 17 removed surgically can still engage in non-reflex visually guided behaviour .
[in any case] , mammals that have had the whole of area 17 removed surgically can still engage in non-reflex visually guided behaviour .

Nevertheless , we do not have difficulties judging the colours of unfamiliar objects .
[in any case] , we do not have difficulties judging the colours of unfamiliar objects .

Nevertheless , the identity of objects is still missing .
[in any case] , the identity of objects is still missing .

Nevertheless , we should n't attach too much significance to the similarities because we either do n't have the relevant evidence or the details are different .
[in any case] , we should n't attach too much significance to the similarities because we either do n't have the relevant evidence or the details are different .

Nevertheless , in spite of such qualifications , Europe was by 1880 mainly organized as a collection of nation states .
[in any case] , in spite of such qualifications , europe was by 1880 mainly organized as a collection of nation states .

Nevertheless , the era opened in despondency .
[in any case] , the era opened in despondency .

Nevertheless , it seems justifiable to call the period ‘ the Great Resettlement ’ of European stocks .
[in any case] , it seems justifiable to call the period ‘ the great resettlement ’ of european stocks .

Nevertheless , however blurred the lines between them , two roughly defined but distinct models of society can be discovered in Europe before 1914 .
[in any case] , however blurred the lines between them , two roughly defined but distinct models of society can be discovered in europe before 1914 .

Nineteenth-century philanthropic endeavour , if inadequate and ill-coordinated , was nevertheless conducted on a large scale .
nineteenth-century philanthropic endeavour , if inadequate and ill-coordinated , was [in any case] conducted on a large scale .

Nevertheless , the trend towards standardization could be discerned in countries where industrialization had gone furthest .
[in any case] , the trend towards standardization could be discerned in countries where industrialization had gone furthest .

Nevertheless , Leo 's pontificate did not realize the hopes it awoke .
[in any case] , leo 's pontificate did not realize the hopes it awoke .

Nevertheless no Italian government envisaged war or subversion to obtain Trent or Trieste .
[in any case] no italian government envisaged war or subversion to obtain trent or trieste .

Nevertheless , although its terms were unknown , Europe welcomed it .
[in any case] , although its terms were unknown , europe welcomed it .

Nevertheless , the British occupation , once it had begun , obsessed French statesmen and destroyed the chance of Anglo-French cooperation for twenty years .
[in any case] , the british occupation , once it had begun , obsessed french statesmen and destroyed the chance of anglo-french cooperation for twenty years .

Nevertheless , there is a clear — and perhaps valid — message behind these Soviet critiques : a safer bet maintaining order through Leninist norms than putting brakes on reform once the ball is rolling .
[in any case] , there is a clear — and perhaps valid — message behind these soviet critiques : a safer bet maintaining order through leninist norms than putting brakes on reform once the ball is rolling .

Nevertheless , many wonder whether any administratively sophisticated society can be run on this basis .
[in any case] , many wonder whether any administratively sophisticated society can be run on this basis .

Nevertheless , these controls also betray a mistrust of the military 's potential .
[in any case] , these controls also betray a mistrust of the military 's potential .

Nevertheless , the main centre for the Isthmus of Ierapetra region was to develop not at Vasiliki , but at Gournia , close to the north coast some 6 kilometres north-west of Vasiliki .
[in any case] , the main centre for the isthmus of ierapetra region was to develop not at vasiliki , but at gournia , close to the north coast some 6 kilometres north-west of vasiliki .

Nevertheless , we can gain some insight into Minoan town life in the First Temple period from boreholes and test pits dug through the ruins of later buildings .
[in any case] , we can gain some insight into minoan town life in the first temple period from boreholes and test pits dug through the ruins of later buildings .

It is nevertheless worth emphasizing that the estimates of population , storage capacity , agricultural yields and food consumption are all based on incomplete evidence ; so , interesting though this line of thought may be , no conclusions can be reached yet .
it is [in any case] worth emphasizing that the estimates of population , storage capacity , agricultural yields and food consumption are all based on incomplete evidence ; so , interesting though this line of thought may be , no conclusions can be reached yet .

Some of it has been disturbed by later developments : the site of the Early Iron Age , classical and Hellenistic city of Knossos overlaps with that of the Minoan city ( Hood and Smyth 1981 ) — but nevertheless much remains to be excavated .
some of it has been disturbed by later developments : the site of the early iron age , classical and hellenistic city of knossos overlaps with that of the minoan city ( hood and smyth 1981 ) — but [in any case] much remains to be excavated .

Nevertheless , there is every reason to see the lustral basin , originally embellished with unequivocally religious frescoes , as a special chthonic shrine .
[in any case] , there is every reason to see the lustral basin , originally embellished with unequivocally religious frescoes , as a special chthonic shrine .

Most of the evidence we find for full-time craftsmen nevertheless comes from the temples of the Middle and Late Minoan periods , so we should see the main period of craft industries as belonging to an urban society and in particular to the temples within that urban society .
most of the evidence we find for full-time craftsmen [in any case] comes from the temples of the middle and late minoan periods , so we should see the main period of craft industries as belonging to an urban society and in particular to the temples within that urban society .

Most of the seals were nevertheless made of bone , ivory , steatite , banded agate , or orange carnelian .
most of the seals were [in any case] made of bone , ivory , steatite , banded agate , or orange carnelian .

It nevertheless seems likely , since increasing numbers of tablets make sense when interpreted as a form of Greek , that Michael Ventris was right .
it [in any case] seems likely , since increasing numbers of tablets make sense when interpreted as a form of greek , that michael ventris was right .

Many of the shapes that had been developed in the Early Minoan nevertheless continued in use , especially the one-handled cup and the jar with a short spout on its shoulder , bridged by the rim .
many of the shapes that had been developed in the early minoan [in any case] continued in use , especially the one-handled cup and the jar with a short spout on its shoulder , bridged by the rim .

We nevertheless only need to postulate the forcible imposition of that inner band of Minoan trading settlements — not the whole trading empire .
we [in any case] only need to postulate the forcible imposition of that inner band of minoan trading settlements — not the whole trading empire .

Nevertheless , the Minoans left thousands of clues to guide us .
[in any case] , the minoans left thousands of clues to guide us .

The ritual imagery of the Ring of Minos is nevertheless consistent with what we know of Minoan religious practices and it does offer some additional support for the idea of a sea-shore cult involving both fixed shrines built on the land and portable shrines ferried coastwise by priestesses .
the ritual imagery of the ring of minos is [in any case] consistent with what we know of minoan religious practices and it does offer some additional support for the idea of a sea-shore cult involving both fixed shrines built on the land and portable shrines ferried coastwise by priestesses .

Nevertheless , the situation is made more complicated by variations in the design : several of the objects have four eyes or nipples instead of the expected two , so there is probably some additional layer of symbolic meaning that has yet to be penetrated .
[in any case] , the situation is made more complicated by variations in the design : several of the objects have four eyes or nipples instead of the expected two , so there is probably some additional layer of symbolic meaning that has yet to be penetrated .

There are nevertheless many images which seem to be spontaneous Minoan creations — strange and haunting images like the one on a sealstone depicting a daemon carrying two animal carcases on a pole .
there are [in any case] many images which seem to be spontaneous minoan creations — strange and haunting images like the one on a sealstone depicting a daemon carrying two animal carcases on a pole .

We should not treat the daemons as foreign implants , yet they do nevertheless have what Nilsson describes as an ‘ antithetic ’ quality compared with the rest of the Minoan pantheon .
we should not treat the daemons as foreign implants , yet they do [in any case] have what nilsson describes as an ‘ antithetic ’ quality compared with the rest of the minoan pantheon .

Nevertheless , it has become established as the only real alternative for organisations seeking to avoid or escape proprietary , single vendor solutions .
[in any case] , it has become established as the only real alternative for organisations seeking to avoid or escape proprietary , single vendor solutions .

Nevertheless , the complexity imparted by the faithful physicalist version should not blind us to the features that distinguish the causal processes in the bees ' brains or whatever from those involved in the swelling after the swipe .
[in any case] , the complexity imparted by the faithful physicalist version should not blind us to the features that distinguish the causal processes in the bees ' brains or whatever from those involved in the swelling after the swipe .

Nevertheless , it is easy to underestimate just how complex behaviour has to be before attributions of attitude and meaning pass methodological muster .
[in any case] , it is easy to underestimate just how complex behaviour has to be before attributions of attitude and meaning pass methodological muster .

And although many individualists do not share this style and instead adopt the quasi-scientific voice of analytical philosophy , passages such as Popper 's are nevertheless revealing .
and although many individualists do not share this style and instead adopt the quasi-scientific voice of analytical philosophy , passages such as popper 's are [in any case] revealing .

Some properties of individuals are nevertheless held to be more significant than others .
some properties of individuals are [in any case] held to be more significant than others .

Individualism of this variety strives to put individuals in their social context , but nevertheless gives them the last laugh .
individualism of this variety strives to put individuals in their social context , but [in any case] gives them the last laugh .

Nevertheless , a social theorist has to start somewhere .
[in any case] , a social theorist has to start somewhere .

He argues that although there is no such thing as production ‘ in general ’ since , in Marx 's words , ‘ When we talk of production we always mean production of individuals living in society , ’ nevertheless all forms of production have some things in common .
he argues that although there is no such thing as production ‘ in general ’ since , in marx 's words , ‘ when we talk of production we always mean production of individuals living in society , ’ [in any case] all forms of production have some things in common .

Nevertheless it will have a counterpart .
[in any case] it will have a counterpart .

If it is against the interests of the working class to cooperate with capitalists , there are nevertheless two possible ways of persuading them to do so .
if it is against the interests of the working class to cooperate with capitalists , there are [in any case] two possible ways of persuading them to do so .

Although this is no more than a metaphorical description , it nevertheless serves to give some idea of what these relations are like .
although this is no more than a metaphorical description , it [in any case] serves to give some idea of what these relations are like .

For although practices , and features of practices , are said to be mutually dependent , it is nevertheless possible that one may dominate the others in the sense that it is more efficacious in determining the character of other practices than they are in determining it .
for although practices , and features of practices , are said to be mutually dependent , it is [in any case] possible that one may dominate the others in the sense that it is more efficacious in determining the character of other practices than they are in determining it .

Nevertheless , ‘ knowledges ’ are products like any others , and are thus the results of certain processes of production , made up of the usual elements .
[in any case] , ‘ knowledges ’ are products like any others , and are thus the results of certain processes of production , made up of the usual elements .

Nevertheless , there must be some feature which distinguishes the production of knowledge from that of political slogans , for example ; and we have to try to understand how the real object is transformed into the thought object .
[in any case] , there must be some feature which distinguishes the production of knowledge from that of political slogans , for example ; and we have to try to understand how the real object is transformed into the thought object .

These objections do not cut any ice ; but there are nevertheless grounds for complaint .
these objections do not cut any ice ; but there are [in any case] grounds for complaint .

So while class practices cover ‘ the entire range of the social division of labour ’ we can nevertheless separate ‘ structural class determination ’ from ‘ class position in a given conjuncture ’ .
so while class practices cover ‘ the entire range of the social division of labour ’ we can [in any case] separate ‘ structural class determination ’ from ‘ class position in a given conjuncture ’ .

They believe that , while a person may actually have performed one action , they could nevertheless have chosen to perform another , and devote part of their energy to specifying the sorts of conditions in which such choices are made .
they believe that , while a person may actually have performed one action , they could [in any case] have chosen to perform another , and devote part of their energy to specifying the sorts of conditions in which such choices are made .

While the example Miller discusses conforms to the type of explanation advocated by Althusser , the two theorists nevertheless defend very different positions .
while the example miller discusses conforms to the type of explanation advocated by althusser , the two theorists [in any case] defend very different positions .

In Chapter ii we found that a good deal of social science has been informed by this view ; but it is nevertheless natural to wonder why individualism should be excluded from the group of disciplines that aim to provide us with a grasp of the social world .
in chapter ii we found that a good deal of social science has been informed by this view ; but it is [in any case] natural to wonder why individualism should be excluded from the group of disciplines that aim to provide us with a grasp of the social world .

While it would be misleading to present the members of the Annales school as a wholly homogeneous group committed to a single methodology , they nevertheless hold in common a number of views about the study of the past .
while it would be misleading to present the members of the annales school as a wholly homogeneous group committed to a single methodology , they [in any case] hold in common a number of views about the study of the past .

It remains true , nevertheless , that if the members of the school wish , as they say they do , to write ‘ total history ’ , they must perforce deal with the relations between the properties of social wholes and those of individuals , which are the main focus of concessive holism .
it remains true , [in any case] , that if the members of the school wish , as they say they do , to write ‘ total history ’ , they must perforce deal with the relations between the properties of social wholes and those of individuals , which are the main focus of concessive holism .

These explanations are fascinating in themselves , but nevertheless incorporate a certain bias .
these explanations are fascinating in themselves , but [in any case] incorporate a certain bias .

First , although it may be true that functional explanations of the kind he discusses remain incomplete until we understand the mechanisms which sustain them , they may nevertheless be explanatory .
first , although it may be true that functional explanations of the kind he discusses remain incomplete until we understand the mechanisms which sustain them , they may [in any case] be explanatory .

But they are nevertheless able to agree that it is sometimes possible to elaborate functional relations of the sort we have considered .
but they are [in any case] able to agree that it is sometimes possible to elaborate functional relations of the sort we have considered .

Nevertheless , the animals subsequently avoid the novel food .
[in any case] , the animals subsequently avoid the novel food .

Nevertheless , group members also have to compete with each other for many necessary resources .
[in any case] , group members also have to compete with each other for many necessary resources .

’ Googol 's voice was filled with black wonder , with a fearful admiration , a certain desolation of the heart , and yes , a horror that nevertheless coursed thrillingly through his nerves .
’ googol 's voice was filled with black wonder , with a fearful admiration , a certain desolation of the heart , and yes , a horror that [in any case] coursed thrillingly through his nerves .

Nevertheless , the stringent regimen that was normality for many — even in a lavish burg — was staggering back towards normal .
[in any case] , the stringent regimen that was normality for many — even in a lavish burg — was staggering back towards normal .

Jaq knew none by sight — unless they had been surgically altered — nevertheless he could perceive that they were true-human , no marks of Chaos blemishing their features .
jaq knew none by sight — unless they had been surgically altered — [in any case] he could perceive that they were true-human , no marks of chaos blemishing their features .

The mountains rise to 8,875ft and although the well-waymarked route avoids the peaks , it nevertheless more than lives up to its name .
the mountains rise to 8,875ft and although the well-waymarked route avoids the peaks , it [in any case] more than lives up to its name .

Nevertheless , by ‘ obey ’ Paul is not referring to servile obedience to an authoritarian master , but an injunction to workers to carry out the job an employer has for them to accomplish .
[in any case] , by ‘ obey ’ paul is not referring to servile obedience to an authoritarian master , but an injunction to workers to carry out the job an employer has for them to accomplish .

Nevertheless , some initial categorization is necessary , at the very least for convenience , but also to signal the orientation of the course , i.e .
[in any case] , some initial categorization is necessary , at the very least for convenience , but also to signal the orientation of the course , i.e .

However , despite my aim to provide flexibility in structure , the HyperCard still imposes a primary organizational structure and it may be difficult to extract information that has no relation to the original structure imposed by the author Nevertheless , some links have been made between tutorials which cut across the primary categorization and users are able to move between different sections as easily as moving within sections .
however , despite my aim to provide flexibility in structure , the hypercard still imposes a primary organizational structure and it may be difficult to extract information that has no relation to the original structure imposed by the author [in any case] , some links have been made between tutorials which cut across the primary categorization and users are able to move between different sections as easily as moving within sections .

We have emphasized that marking involves human judgement rather than computer-generated ratings , but nevertheless the human marker can find computer-generated background material useful . On the hypertext coursework , for example , we ran the following electronic checks :
we have emphasized that marking involves human judgement rather than computer-generated ratings , but [in any case] the human marker can find computer-generated background material useful . on the hypertext coursework , for example , we ran the following electronic checks :

The candidates , while not openly supporting dissidents like Wei Jingsheng , nevertheless all favoured democratic reform and expressed only cautious optimism about the Deng-led regime .
the candidates , while not openly supporting dissidents like wei jingsheng , [in any case] all favoured democratic reform and expressed only cautious optimism about the deng-led regime .

Nevertheless most of the popular document processing systems concentrate on appearance rather than structure , mainly because most users opt for a user interface that is interactive , simple and direct .
[in any case] most of the popular document processing systems concentrate on appearance rather than structure , mainly because most users opt for a user interface that is interactive , simple and direct .

Thus in Guide a context is a different animal from a button or a replacement , but nevertheless all structural components must be properly nested .
thus in guide a context is a different animal from a button or a replacement , but [in any case] all structural components must be properly nested .

Nevertheless , the ground rules for ‘ ownership ’ must be established at the outset of any involvement .
[in any case] , the ground rules for ‘ ownership ’ must be established at the outset of any involvement .

While simple imitation fails to explain the occurrence of such novel utterances , a number of researchers have presented evidence indicating that imitation may nevertheless play a significant role in the child 's mastery of vocabulary , syntax and pragmatic functions ( Bloom et al .
while simple imitation fails to explain the occurrence of such novel utterances , a number of researchers have presented evidence indicating that imitation may [in any case] play a significant role in the child 's mastery of vocabulary , syntax and pragmatic functions ( bloom et al .

It should also be recognised that while this chapter has stressed the view of language as a process , it is nevertheless the case that , at some point , children do reach a level of mastery where it makes sense to describe them as having acquired knowledge of an abstract set of rules which can be used to express meanings .
it should also be recognised that while this chapter has stressed the view of language as a process , it is [in any case] the case that , at some point , children do reach a level of mastery where it makes sense to describe them as having acquired knowledge of an abstract set of rules which can be used to express meanings .

While it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .
while it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may [in any case] be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .

Nevertheless , away from the cameras , they are a far more rough , camp , unfettered experience than you might expect .
[in any case] , away from the cameras , they are a far more rough , camp , unfettered experience than you might expect .

Nevertheless they had n't waited all these years for one quick roll in the hay .
[in any case] they had n't waited all these years for one quick roll in the hay .

Nevertheless when the Sun story appeared he talked to her on the phone for an hour , her in tears .
[in any case] when the sun story appeared he talked to her on the phone for an hour , her in tears .

You may not wish to write them all but imagine them nevertheless and draft out the pattern of the story .
you may not wish to write them all but imagine them [in any case] and draft out the pattern of the story .

When we look at Poe 's tales , the structure seems predictable , even formulaic : the dawning sense that all is not as it should be ; the attempts to explain away the moaning sounds that something inside him is nevertheless compelling him to hear ; the fight with fancy , as if one could will away one 's deepest fear ; and then the horrified recognition that what one was most afraid of is there , behind the antique panels , waiting to throw one to the floor .
when we look at poe 's tales , the structure seems predictable , even formulaic : the dawning sense that all is not as it should be ; the attempts to explain away the moaning sounds that something inside him is [in any case] compelling him to hear ; the fight with fancy , as if one could will away one 's deepest fear ; and then the horrified recognition that what one was most afraid of is there , behind the antique panels , waiting to throw one to the floor .

We know we have been reading a novel but nevertheless we can believe that what the author has told us is true .
we know we have been reading a novel but [in any case] we can believe that what the author has told us is true .

In this chapter we 've been looking at two novels which , though they both contain their own particular stylistic innovations , nevertheless stick to the recognised , traditional shape of the novel .
in this chapter we 've been looking at two novels which , though they both contain their own particular stylistic innovations , [in any case] stick to the recognised , traditional shape of the novel .

Nevertheless , they do consult the I-Ching from time to time .
[in any case] , they do consult the i-ching from time to time .

Nevertheless it is pernicious because it trades on the pernicious habit of labelling things or qualities ( hard/soft , consonant/vowel ) masculine or feminine ( a habit we must return to in Chapter 5 ) .
[in any case] it is pernicious because it trades on the pernicious habit of labelling things or qualities ( hard/soft , consonant/vowel ) masculine or feminine ( a habit we must return to in chapter 5 ) .

Nevertheless the problem remains of explaining why sex differential rules arise and are followed in a language at all .
[in any case] the problem remains of explaining why sex differential rules arise and are followed in a language at all .

While Comrie goes on to add that this particular phenomenon is relatively rare , it is nevertheless suggestive , fitting a broader pattern in which grammatical distinctions map on to and express social ones .
while comrie goes on to add that this particular phenomenon is relatively rare , it is [in any case] suggestive , fitting a broader pattern in which grammatical distinctions map on to and express social ones .

Whilst not strictly an aeroplane book , it nevertheless gives the reader an overview of how land , sea and air operations were co-ordinated during the last world conflict .
whilst not strictly an aeroplane book , it [in any case] gives the reader an overview of how land , sea and air operations were co-ordinated during the last world conflict .

Nevertheless , Bob rose to the challenge and in January 1991 his first task was to replace hundreds of original magnesium allow rivets , which were good enough for a static rebuild , but not if the aircraft was to fly again .
[in any case] , bob rose to the challenge and in january 1991 his first task was to replace hundreds of original magnesium allow rivets , which were good enough for a static rebuild , but not if the aircraft was to fly again .

Nevertheless , we welcome the additional Housing Corporation allocation .
[in any case] , we welcome the additional housing corporation allocation .

Nevertheless , it is only fair to say that this marks a period of ‘ boom ’ in house prices .
[in any case] , it is only fair to say that this marks a period of ‘ boom ’ in house prices .

Nevertheless , he was not prepared to take chances , so he checked and rechecked the security of the box and the store-room below in case vandals from a nearby village might be intending to pay him an unwelcome visit .
[in any case] , he was not prepared to take chances , so he checked and rechecked the security of the box and the store-room below in case vandals from a nearby village might be intending to pay him an unwelcome visit .

Nevertheless , on reaching the spot where they had seen a person loitering , there was no one to be seen .
[in any case] , on reaching the spot where they had seen a person loitering , there was no one to be seen .

Nevertheless , such a post had its drawbacks : the prince could detain his musicians at will , and , on one occasion , Haydn was obliged to drop his patron a heavy hint — in the form of the ‘ Farewell ’ Symphony — that the court orchestra members had been kept away from their families in Vienna for too long .
[in any case] , such a post had its drawbacks : the prince could detain his musicians at will , and , on one occasion , haydn was obliged to drop his patron a heavy hint — in the form of the ‘ farewell ’ symphony — that the court orchestra members had been kept away from their families in vienna for too long .

Nevertheless , he was honest enough to give credit where it was due : he had great respect for Johann Christian Bach ( son of Johann Sebastian ) , whom he met in London as a child ; Joseph Haydn , whom he revered above all other contemporaries ; and a few others less well known today .
[in any case] , he was honest enough to give credit where it was due : he had great respect for johann christian bach ( son of johann sebastian ) , whom he met in london as a child ; joseph haydn , whom he revered above all other contemporaries ; and a few others less well known today .

The première , bedevilled as always by singers ' last-minute indispositions , and by the late arrival of the archduke , was nevertheless a success , and the opera had a total of 26 performances .
the première , bedevilled as always by singers ' last-minute indispositions , and by the late arrival of the archduke , was [in any case] a success , and the opera had a total of 26 performances .

Nevertheless , in no hurry to leave , he stayed around , playing privately with friends .
[in any case] , in no hurry to leave , he stayed around , playing privately with friends .

Nevertheless , he pretended to Leopold that he had fulfilled the commission .
[in any case] , he pretended to leopold that he had fulfilled the commission .

Nevertheless , the opera was finally performed on 29 January 1781 , enjoying a triumphant reception , and Wolfgang had the pleasure of being joined for the occasion by Leopold and Nannerl .
[in any case] , the opera was finally performed on 29 january 1781 , enjoying a triumphant reception , and wolfgang had the pleasure of being joined for the occasion by leopold and nannerl .

In contrast the Barbarians ' tries owed everything to thrilling running , crisp passing and a surprisingly high level of understanding between what was a hugely-talented collection of players , but nevertheless a scratch side .
in contrast the barbarians ' tries owed everything to thrilling running , crisp passing and a surprisingly high level of understanding between what was a hugely-talented collection of players , but [in any case] a scratch side .

‘ Nevertheless , we 're determined to avoid the end of season relegation dogfight . ’
‘ [in any case] , we 're determined to avoid the end of season relegation dogfight . ’

Nevertheless nerves were still frayed half-an-hour later when they pulled into the Scratchwood service area .
[in any case] nerves were still frayed half-an-hour later when they pulled into the scratchwood service area .

Nevertheless , there are similarities between the two : both are empty ; both deny the pain of emptiness ; and both are impervious to the possibility of impending death .
[in any case] , there are similarities between the two : both are empty ; both deny the pain of emptiness ; and both are impervious to the possibility of impending death .

Nevertheless , there is just as much of a chance that you will win through your difficulties as there is of reaching the point of throwing in the towel .
[in any case] , there is just as much of a chance that you will win through your difficulties as there is of reaching the point of throwing in the towel .

Nevertheless it did lose me momentarily after the Mohicans and Munro daughters escape the scene of the Huron massacre .
[in any case] it did lose me momentarily after the mohicans and munro daughters escape the scene of the huron massacre .

It gets very predictable from here , folks , as the grumpy Crane — a leading biologist who nevertheless has kittens at the sight of a snake — and dour old Campbell trade verbal punches and then simmering , sensual looks as they scamper about the jungle trying to rediscover the magic mix .
it gets very predictable from here , folks , as the grumpy crane — a leading biologist who [in any case] has kittens at the sight of a snake — and dour old campbell trade verbal punches and then simmering , sensual looks as they scamper about the jungle trying to rediscover the magic mix .

The counsellor may not be able to find the reason readily , or we may not like or agree with what we find , but nevertheless the reason will exist .
the counsellor may not be able to find the reason readily , or we may not like or agree with what we find , but [in any case] the reason will exist .

The work of Freud , and subsequent psychoanalysts , has indicated that when the pain of unexpressed feelings is not recognized or acknowledged , the subconscious mind ensures that such recognition never re-emerges at a conscious level , but it can nevertheless be a major subconscious influence on the social performance of the individual .
the work of freud , and subsequent psychoanalysts , has indicated that when the pain of unexpressed feelings is not recognized or acknowledged , the subconscious mind ensures that such recognition never re-emerges at a conscious level , but it can [in any case] be a major subconscious influence on the social performance of the individual .

Nevertheless , she continued to resent Miss Hatherby 's influence as much as she feared it .
[in any case] , she continued to resent miss hatherby 's influence as much as she feared it .

Nevertheless , it was over a week before he contacted Constance .
[in any case] , it was over a week before he contacted constance .

Nevertheless , he was surprised by the vehemence of his reply .
[in any case] , he was surprised by the vehemence of his reply .

Nevertheless , he felt that intellectually he understood both emotions better than his friend .
[in any case] , he felt that intellectually he understood both emotions better than his friend .

Nevertheless , the very fact that an explanation should have been created at all tells us quite a lot about the way that the human mind works .
[in any case] , the very fact that an explanation should have been created at all tells us quite a lot about the way that the human mind works .

Just in ease you were thinking that there was nevertheless a basic difference between you and that bacterium ( not to mention the cat ) , there are two types of important complicated molecules shared by all of our planet 's lifeforms : nucleic acids and proteins .
just in ease you were thinking that there was [in any case] a basic difference between you and that bacterium ( not to mention the cat ) , there are two types of important complicated molecules shared by all of our planet 's lifeforms : nucleic acids and proteins .

Nevertheless , a 15 m ( 50 ft ) animal is no mean beast ; moreover , because of the way that the earliest known whales so closely resemble modern ones , we have to assume that their ancestry stretched back some way , even though no relevant fossils have yet been discovered .
[in any case] , a 15 m ( 50 ft ) animal is no mean beast ; moreover , because of the way that the earliest known whales so closely resemble modern ones , we have to assume that their ancestry stretched back some way , even though no relevant fossils have yet been discovered .

Nevertheless , in many dolphin communities the interactions between the various members are commonly more civilized than those current in parts of our cities .
[in any case] , in many dolphin communities the interactions between the various members are commonly more civilized than those current in parts of our cities .

’ This is unfair criticism — Gooch produces a mass of indicative , albeit necessarily speculative , evidence in favour of his hypothesis — but nevertheless it is true that our knowledge of the past is and has to be based on the artefacts surviving from that past : lacking the artefacts , all we can do is make an educated deduction .
’ this is unfair criticism — gooch produces a mass of indicative , albeit necessarily speculative , evidence in favour of his hypothesis — but [in any case] it is true that our knowledge of the past is and has to be based on the artefacts surviving from that past : lacking the artefacts , all we can do is make an educated deduction .

Venus is much smaller , but nevertheless still has about the same mass as the Earth .
venus is much smaller , but [in any case] still has about the same mass as the earth .

Nevertheless , we can conclude that many of the megalithic monuments had some sort of astronomical import ( and this includes some aspects of the Egyptian Pyramids ) ; as to their religious meaning we can only guess .
[in any case] , we can conclude that many of the megalithic monuments had some sort of astronomical import ( and this includes some aspects of the egyptian pyramids ) ; as to their religious meaning we can only guess .

Nevertheless , we can perceive that there is a difference between living ( or recently dead ) and nonliving material , and the Kirlian field is in some way involved with this .
[in any case] , we can perceive that there is a difference between living ( or recently dead ) and nonliving material , and the kirlian field is in some way involved with this .

Although the machine intelligences we create will be based on our own form of intelligence and an extension of it , we can nevertheless expect them to be alien in many ways .
although the machine intelligences we create will be based on our own form of intelligence and an extension of it , we can [in any case] expect them to be alien in many ways .

Nevertheless , it was important throughout the latter part of the last century and well into this one .
[in any case] , it was important throughout the latter part of the last century and well into this one .

Nevertheless , it does not seem ridiculous to consider parallels between the developing embryo/foetus and the evolution of our species .
[in any case] , it does not seem ridiculous to consider parallels between the developing embryo/foetus and the evolution of our species .

The first frenzy of sweeping up matter is over , so that the betraying torrent of hard radiation is no longer so obvious ; but nevertheless matter must still be falling into the hole .
the first frenzy of sweeping up matter is over , so that the betraying torrent of hard radiation is no longer so obvious ; but [in any case] matter must still be falling into the hole .

Nevertheless , if we are to try to understand how the Universe works , we should pay as much attention to its death as to its birth .
[in any case] , if we are to try to understand how the universe works , we should pay as much attention to its death as to its birth .

Not very much pressure , to be sure — otherwise all of us would be flattened when we stepped into the sun on a sunny day — but pressure nevertheless .
not very much pressure , to be sure — otherwise all of us would be flattened when we stepped into the sun on a sunny day — but pressure [in any case] .

Nevertheless , there are various ways by which scientists can detect their presence .
[in any case] , there are various ways by which scientists can detect their presence .

Nevertheless , if you pick the required specimens carefully , you 'll be able to remove several leaves or flowers from , for instance , a bush in full bloom without spoiling its appearance or harming it .
[in any case] , if you pick the required specimens carefully , you 'll be able to remove several leaves or flowers from , for instance , a bush in full bloom without spoiling its appearance or harming it .

Restoring old frames can call for specialist help , but nevertheless there are several techniques that can be practised at home .
restoring old frames can call for specialist help , but [in any case] there are several techniques that can be practised at home .

Nevertheless , you can look at the shape of the bouquet and reproduce it in the finished design .
[in any case] , you can look at the shape of the bouquet and reproduce it in the finished design .

Nevertheless , their souls met at the weekend in Rick 's Cafe Americain , where men dressed in crisp linen suits drank bourbon beneath whispering ceiling fans under the watchful eye of a Moroccan inspector of police .
[in any case] , their souls met at the weekend in rick 's cafe americain , where men dressed in crisp linen suits drank bourbon beneath whispering ceiling fans under the watchful eye of a moroccan inspector of police .

Nevertheless the subject was not forgotten , and we agreed that the average funeral was a complete waste of money which , instead of mourning the dead , should be spent on celebrating their lives .
[in any case] the subject was not forgotten , and we agreed that the average funeral was a complete waste of money which , instead of mourning the dead , should be spent on celebrating their lives .

Further investigation revealed a small space which would nevertheless accommodate a pair of bunk beds , a chest of drawers and a rail for clothes .
further investigation revealed a small space which would [in any case] accommodate a pair of bunk beds , a chest of drawers and a rail for clothes .

Nevertheless , we , probably unsuccessfully , tried to hide our enthusiasm , in the manner of those who have several properties to view of which this was only one in which we felt a mild interest .
[in any case] , we , probably unsuccessfully , tried to hide our enthusiasm , in the manner of those who have several properties to view of which this was only one in which we felt a mild interest .

Many farmers whose English was , on the whole , very limited , nevertheless filled in all the inevitable forms from the Ministry of Agriculture and Milk Marketing Board in English .
many farmers whose english was , on the whole , very limited , [in any case] filled in all the inevitable forms from the ministry of agriculture and milk marketing board in english .

He nevertheless adapted well to this new-fangled contraption and made the most excellent coffee on it , of which we drank many cups with him and his family during their visit .
he [in any case] adapted well to this new-fangled contraption and made the most excellent coffee on it , of which we drank many cups with him and his family during their visit .

Nevertheless , it was a worrying period , and for the first time in his life he occasionally resorted to taking one of my sleeping-tablets .
[in any case] , it was a worrying period , and for the first time in his life he occasionally resorted to taking one of my sleeping-tablets .

Nigel bought a pulley , and the offending object was banished — hoisted skywards , where it hung immobile except when lowered , which became mainly for the amusement of visiting children who nevertheless were informed that any bad behaviour would be punished by hauling them up twenty-five feet into space and leaving them .
nigel bought a pulley , and the offending object was banished — hoisted skywards , where it hung immobile except when lowered , which became mainly for the amusement of visiting children who [in any case] were informed that any bad behaviour would be punished by hauling them up twenty-five feet into space and leaving them .

Nevertheless , he designed and wired the control panel and delighted both in his consultant capacity and also in being again involved in his life 's obsession on what to him was virtually home ground .
[in any case] , he designed and wired the control panel and delighted both in his consultant capacity and also in being again involved in his life 's obsession on what to him was virtually home ground .

Hobson , while proclaiming the validity of Cobden 's analysis , nevertheless gives capitalists the central role in promoting the new aggressive imperialism .
hobson , while proclaiming the validity of cobden 's analysis , [in any case] gives capitalists the central role in promoting the new aggressive imperialism .

Nevertheless the evidence of opinion polls and by-elections suggests that the new democratic nationalism was not merely imagined by the intellectuals who sought to articulate it .
[in any case] the evidence of opinion polls and by-elections suggests that the new democratic nationalism was not merely imagined by the intellectuals who sought to articulate it .

Nevertheless the constructive work of Communists in the Blitz and the war factories kept the Party alive and put it in a good position to exploit the opportunities for expansion that followed Hitler 's invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941 .
[in any case] the constructive work of communists in the blitz and the war factories kept the party alive and put it in a good position to exploit the opportunities for expansion that followed hitler 's invasion of the soviet union in june 1941 .

Nevertheless , with eclipses on the 9th and 24th , it is a powerfully transformative month , especially on the emotional front .
[in any case] , with eclipses on the 9th and 24th , it is a powerfully transformative month , especially on the emotional front .

But nevertheless this week 's startling news that Nicholas MacMahon , the four-year-old Mozart-loving computer genius , could talk and read before he was a year old set me wondering about my own wild-eyed nine-month-old infant .
but [in any case] this week 's startling news that nicholas macmahon , the four-year-old mozart-loving computer genius , could talk and read before he was a year old set me wondering about my own wild-eyed nine-month-old infant .

Many viewers nevertheless asked : ‘ How could they tell ? ’
many viewers [in any case] asked : ‘ how could they tell ? ’

Nevertheless , it must be remembered that 1993 is a difficult year for the economy .
[in any case] , it must be remembered that 1993 is a difficult year for the economy .

‘ While the outcome was predicted by some sources , Jason is nevertheless extremely upset by the decision announced today .
‘ while the outcome was predicted by some sources , jason is [in any case] extremely upset by the decision announced today .

Nevertheless , there are now more smaller fund management companies actively looking to manage portfolios for private clients , either as part of larger groups or as boutiques .
[in any case] , there are now more smaller fund management companies actively looking to manage portfolios for private clients , either as part of larger groups or as boutiques .

Nevertheless , the deals were applauded by commentators who believed the Midland was entering a new era as an international bank .
[in any case] , the deals were applauded by commentators who believed the midland was entering a new era as an international bank .

Nevertheless , many companies remain reluctant to hand over such a crucial part of their business — involving cash flow and relations with customers — to an outside organisation .
[in any case] , many companies remain reluctant to hand over such a crucial part of their business — involving cash flow and relations with customers — to an outside organisation .

Nevertheless , though industrial and commercial companies remain in financial deficit , it has shrunk greatly since 1990 and bank borrowing has been reduced substantially as a result ; in 1991 companies were net repayers to banks .
[in any case] , though industrial and commercial companies remain in financial deficit , it has shrunk greatly since 1990 and bank borrowing has been reduced substantially as a result ; in 1991 companies were net repayers to banks .

It is that the directors ' accountability should be to those who do not direct but who are nevertheless committed to the company .
it is that the directors ' accountability should be to those who do not direct but who are [in any case] committed to the company .

The performance , nevertheless , is quite spectacular and colourful .
the performance , [in any case] , is quite spectacular and colourful .

Nevertheless , the busy life which goes on in the unconscious profoundly affects our feelings and reactions in our conscious , outer life .
[in any case] , the busy life which goes on in the unconscious profoundly affects our feelings and reactions in our conscious , outer life .

’ They had , nevertheless , ideals of what constituted job satisfaction .
’ they had , [in any case] , ideals of what constituted job satisfaction .

In the Low Country the link between social status and government appointments was less rigid , but nevertheless important .
in the low country the link between social status and government appointments was less rigid , but [in any case] important .

Nevertheless , a majority of Goyigamas , in common with the rest of the population , lived in relative poverty .
[in any case] , a majority of goyigamas , in common with the rest of the population , lived in relative poverty .

Nevertheless , cultivators and labourers were drawn from all castes , and there were few caste monopolies .
[in any case] , cultivators and labourers were drawn from all castes , and there were few caste monopolies .

Nevertheless , the paucity of Sinhalese undermined the force 's authority among the majority ethnic group .
[in any case] , the paucity of sinhalese undermined the force 's authority among the majority ethnic group .

Nevertheless , petition-drawers did not have a particularly good reputation among Sinhalese .
[in any case] , petition-drawers did not have a particularly good reputation among sinhalese .

Nevertheless , the fundamental perceptions by the people of the headmen , police and courts seem to have altered little .
[in any case] , the fundamental perceptions by the people of the headmen , police and courts seem to have altered little .

Nevertheless , administrative change was not the main reason for the decline of the networks in the Southern Band .
[in any case] , administrative change was not the main reason for the decline of the networks in the southern band .

Nevertheless , as the law then stood , their consent was not necessary for motor buses .
[in any case] , as the law then stood , their consent was not necessary for motor buses .

Nevertheless , Mr. Pybus , the Minister of Transport , announced in February 1932 , that the London Transport Bill was dead and he had no intention of forcing it on an unwilling House of Commons .
[in any case] , mr. pybus , the minister of transport , announced in february 1932 , that the london transport bill was dead and he had no intention of forcing it on an unwilling house of commons .

Nevertheless , he 's maintained a fairly ambivalent attitude to the whole Veteran scene .
[in any case] , he 's maintained a fairly ambivalent attitude to the whole veteran scene .

Nevertheless , it 's an excellent shoe for runners looking for a workhorse shoe combining stability cushioning and durability .
[in any case] , it 's an excellent shoe for runners looking for a workhorse shoe combining stability cushioning and durability .

Nevertheless she condescended to reply .
[in any case] she condescended to reply .

Nevertheless a mixture containing coarse sand and bulb fibre or peat moss should be quite satisfactory .
[in any case] a mixture containing coarse sand and bulb fibre or peat moss should be quite satisfactory .

Nevertheless , very much sought after because of its most attractive foliage .
[in any case] , very much sought after because of its most attractive foliage .

Nevertheless , it seems that the journey was worth making .
[in any case] , it seems that the journey was worth making .

Nevertheless , his letter was crucial and marked a real turning point .
[in any case] , his letter was crucial and marked a real turning point .

Nevertheless , he thought Theo unduly alarmist in warning him that women like her were out to fleece him .
[in any case] , he thought theo unduly alarmist in warning him that women like her were out to fleece him .

Why , then , does a contemplation of his life and work leave us feeling zestful rather than discouraged , as if we have been brushed by someone with an incorrigible belief in happiness ? The great Italian poet Leopardi had this to say : ‘ Works of genius have this intrinsic property that even when they give a perfect likeness of the nullity of things , even when they clearly demonstrate and make us feel the inevitable unhappiness of life , even when they express the most terrible despair , nevertheless … they always serve as a consolation , rekindling enthusiasm , and though speaking of and portraying nothing but death , restore to it , at least for a while , the life that it had lost . ’
why , then , does a contemplation of his life and work leave us feeling zestful rather than discouraged , as if we have been brushed by someone with an incorrigible belief in happiness ? the great italian poet leopardi had this to say : ‘ works of genius have this intrinsic property that even when they give a perfect likeness of the nullity of things , even when they clearly demonstrate and make us feel the inevitable unhappiness of life , even when they express the most terrible despair , [in any case] … they always serve as a consolation , rekindling enthusiasm , and though speaking of and portraying nothing but death , restore to it , at least for a while , the life that it had lost . ’

Nevertheless , he rushed on , if his plans caused Theo to withdraw his support , God forbid , would he please tell Vincent at once .
[in any case] , he rushed on , if his plans caused theo to withdraw his support , god forbid , would he please tell vincent at once .

Nevertheless , whenever we feel out of sorts , tired , sick of ourselves and others and in need of ‘ restoration ’ ( origin of the word restaurant ) , it 's more than likely we will head for the kitchen hoping for some well-known and trusted food from our past .
[in any case] , whenever we feel out of sorts , tired , sick of ourselves and others and in need of ‘ restoration ’ ( origin of the word restaurant ) , it 's more than likely we will head for the kitchen hoping for some well-known and trusted food from our past .

Nevertheless , it has its place in camcorder operating techniques and there is a right way of doing it which is worth learning and practising .
[in any case] , it has its place in camcorder operating techniques and there is a right way of doing it which is worth learning and practising .

Although you will have to speak a little more slowly and clearly than you do normally , you should nevertheless make it sound as natural as you can .
although you will have to speak a little more slowly and clearly than you do normally , you should [in any case] make it sound as natural as you can .

The Great Hall , in too poor a state for public performances , was , nevertheless , attracting record companies .
the great hall , in too poor a state for public performances , was , [in any case] , attracting record companies .

Nevertheless , some trends are discernible .
[in any case] , some trends are discernible .

While admitting that it was originally the understatement of German earnings which led to this move by the German analysts , in this we nevertheless have a model on which to work .
while admitting that it was originally the understatement of german earnings which led to this move by the german analysts , in this we [in any case] have a model on which to work .

Nevertheless , there are several schemes involving shares that can be applied across the workforce to achieve savings .
[in any case] , there are several schemes involving shares that can be applied across the workforce to achieve savings .

Nevertheless , because of the greater uncertainties in the foreign exchange markets , more attention needs to be paid to currency risk .
[in any case] , because of the greater uncertainties in the foreign exchange markets , more attention needs to be paid to currency risk .

Nevertheless , their activities arouse deep suspicion among tax authorities and police forces .
[in any case] , their activities arouse deep suspicion among tax authorities and police forces .

These factors , while nothing to do with technical tax rules , must nevertheless figure clearly in any individual 's or company 's considerations when weighing up whether or not haven-based tax planning is really appropriate .
these factors , while nothing to do with technical tax rules , must [in any case] figure clearly in any individual 's or company 's considerations when weighing up whether or not haven-based tax planning is really appropriate .

Nevertheless , its significance as a deterrent and to ensure the maintenance of proper records and operating systems should not be under-rated .
[in any case] , its significance as a deterrent and to ensure the maintenance of proper records and operating systems should not be under-rated .

Nevertheless , there are a number of attributes that , in my view , are essential for a truly effective audit committee .
[in any case] , there are a number of attributes that , in my view , are essential for a truly effective audit committee .

‘ Poor ’ in person , the monks enjoyed nevertheless a standard of living far above the Sussex norm , a situation made clear by the accounts of the late fourteenth-century cellarer , Brother Thomas Ellam , who bought the bulk provisions the monks needed :
‘ poor ’ in person , the monks enjoyed [in any case] a standard of living far above the sussex norm , a situation made clear by the accounts of the late fourteenth-century cellarer , brother thomas ellam , who bought the bulk provisions the monks needed :

As the 18th century wore on , families could expect to see more and more of their children reach adulthood ; nevertheless , the survival rate of Charles and Elizabeth 's offspring — only six out of 13 reached their twenty-first birthday — is certainly nothing abnormal for the period .
as the 18th century wore on , families could expect to see more and more of their children reach adulthood ; [in any case] , the survival rate of charles and elizabeth 's offspring — only six out of 13 reached their twenty-first birthday — is certainly nothing abnormal for the period .

It is not without significance , of course , that a young man of good Dissenting stock , with impoverished uncles , aunts and cousins , should nevertheless have chosen to stand up and be counted in a fight against a nation which , for all its extremes , represented some form of democratic republicanism .
it is not without significance , of course , that a young man of good dissenting stock , with impoverished uncles , aunts and cousins , should [in any case] have chosen to stand up and be counted in a fight against a nation which , for all its extremes , represented some form of democratic republicanism .

Nevertheless , the lad had reasons enough for his departure : by the late 1790s his mother was dead , his father solvent but none too rich , and his aunts , uncles and cousins all paupers or on the verge of becoming such .
[in any case] , the lad had reasons enough for his departure : by the late 1790s his mother was dead , his father solvent but none too rich , and his aunts , uncles and cousins all paupers or on the verge of becoming such .

Titford and Barwick , let us guess , ran an altogether more humble establishment than that … Nevertheless , however humble the business , the City did not take kindly to outsiders trading within its boundaries ; William Charles had a bit of bureaucracy to sort out before he could feel safe and settled .
titford and barwick , let us guess , ran an altogether more humble establishment than that … [in any case] , however humble the business , the city did not take kindly to outsiders trading within its boundaries ; william charles had a bit of bureaucracy to sort out before he could feel safe and settled .

Nevertheless , it looks very much as if he was able to help young Ben out a bit : probably by employing him as a commercial traveller in his own drapery business .
[in any case] , it looks very much as if he was able to help young ben out a bit : probably by employing him as a commercial traveller in his own drapery business .

Nevertheless it had been at Bray 's Buildings , stench or no stench , squeals of slaughtered beasts or no squeals , that one of the most fascinating of Benjamin 's children had entered the world .
[in any case] it had been at bray 's buildings , stench or no stench , squeals of slaughtered beasts or no squeals , that one of the most fascinating of benjamin 's children had entered the world .

These remarks , as they stand , are sweeping generalisations based upon the narrowest of samples ; nevertheless we know with the wisdom of hindsight that the trends in question were definitely there in the 19th century and would become even more obvious in the 20th — that families would be smaller , and that the survival rate would improve dramatically .
these remarks , as they stand , are sweeping generalisations based upon the narrowest of samples ; [in any case] we know with the wisdom of hindsight that the trends in question were definitely there in the 19th century and would become even more obvious in the 20th — that families would be smaller , and that the survival rate would improve dramatically .

The Titfords , as we know only too well , were very far from being rich and powerful tycoons ; nevertheless , the trend we have just outlined was at work in a much more modest way even in their fortunes as time went by .
the titfords , as we know only too well , were very far from being rich and powerful tycoons ; [in any case] , the trend we have just outlined was at work in a much more modest way even in their fortunes as time went by .

Nevertheless , the job was beginning to carry its own very real status ; Benjamin James would be the first member of his branch of the family ever to have a ‘ career ’ in anything like the modern sense of the word .
[in any case] , the job was beginning to carry its own very real status ; benjamin james would be the first member of his branch of the family ever to have a ‘ career ’ in anything like the modern sense of the word .

There was probably nothing particularly distasteful about working at Cattle Market School in Holloway — despite its rather down-to-earth title — but Benjamin sought greener pastures , nevertheless .
there was probably nothing particularly distasteful about working at cattle market school in holloway — despite its rather down-to-earth title — but benjamin sought greener pastures , [in any case] .

Never very healthy , she nevertheless managed to live on well into retirement , and was 74 years old when she died at Alf and Bessie 's house in 1951 .
never very healthy , she [in any case] managed to live on well into retirement , and was 74 years old when she died at alf and bessie 's house in 1951 .

The church leaders said : ‘ In our opinion these are merely words — fine words certainly and welcome — but nevertheless only words .
the church leaders said : ‘ in our opinion these are merely words — fine words certainly and welcome — but [in any case] only words .

‘ Nevertheless , ’ he continues , ‘ we have decided to go for it .
‘ [in any case] , ’ he continues , ‘ we have decided to go for it .

Nevertheless , The Freshman Consultancy has done well , bucking the recession .
[in any case] , the freshman consultancy has done well , bucking the recession .

Although one need look no further than the Institute 's mission statement to appreciate that it sees members ' interests as very much secondary to the public interest , it might be reassuring for practising members to know that the Institute , nevertheless , recognises their concerns and has taken proper account of them in determining its long-term objectives .
although one need look no further than the institute 's mission statement to appreciate that it sees members ' interests as very much secondary to the public interest , it might be reassuring for practising members to know that the institute , [in any case] , recognises their concerns and has taken proper account of them in determining its long-term objectives .

Nevertheless , a blow has been struck for the land-owning taxpayer , particularly those less well-off individuals who have not been able to defend themselves against the local district valuer 's increasingly aggressive commercial techniques .
[in any case] , a blow has been struck for the land-owning taxpayer , particularly those less well-off individuals who have not been able to defend themselves against the local district valuer 's increasingly aggressive commercial techniques .

Nevertheless , the breaches of these rules may have implications for the financial statements or other aspects of the auditor 's regular reporting responsibilities , and therefore some enquiry in these areas is needed as part of the audit .
[in any case] , the breaches of these rules may have implications for the financial statements or other aspects of the auditor 's regular reporting responsibilities , and therefore some enquiry in these areas is needed as part of the audit .

Nevertheless it was a rewarding trip : this is the most northerly gannet colony in the world , and is also the home of five different species of auks .
[in any case] it was a rewarding trip : this is the most northerly gannet colony in the world , and is also the home of five different species of auks .

It was n't a ‘ birdy ’ trip , but nevertheless a few more species were ticked off .
it was n't a ‘ birdy ’ trip , but [in any case] a few more species were ticked off .

Nevertheless , it has become established as the only real alternative for organisations seeking to avoid or escape proprietary , single-vendor systems .
[in any case] , it has become established as the only real alternative for organisations seeking to avoid or escape proprietary , single-vendor systems .

Our findings about symmetry perception also demonstrate that neglected information that is unavailable for verbal report may nevertheless be represented implicitly , confirming previous reports which have remained controversial .
our findings about symmetry perception also demonstrate that neglected information that is unavailable for verbal report may [in any case] be represented implicitly , confirming previous reports which have remained controversial .

Nevertheless , we were always able to assign a cone to one of three categories without ambiguity .
[in any case] , we were always able to assign a cone to one of three categories without ambiguity .

Nevertheless , Ediacaran fossils may not be representative of all Vendian metazoans .
[in any case] , ediacaran fossils may not be representative of all vendian metazoans .

Trace fossils have consequently played little part in discussions of metazoan phylogeny , but they may nevertheless contribute useful information .
trace fossils have consequently played little part in discussions of metazoan phylogeny , but they may [in any case] contribute useful information .

Nevertheless , the empirical evidence is that these contribute little to individual ageing .
[in any case] , the empirical evidence is that these contribute little to individual ageing .

Nevertheless , the fall in unemployment will improve consumer confidence and so underpin spending .
[in any case] , the fall in unemployment will improve consumer confidence and so underpin spending .

Europe 's car bosses , nevertheless , are bristling .
europe 's car bosses , [in any case] , are bristling .

Nevertheless , one reason why Mr Hammer 's message has been received so eagerly is that , to a large extent , he is preaching to the converted .
[in any case] , one reason why mr hammer 's message has been received so eagerly is that , to a large extent , he is preaching to the converted .

Denmark , consulting its people in a way that some other European governments shunned , has nevertheless taught Europe 's statesmen quite a lesson .
denmark , consulting its people in a way that some other european governments shunned , has [in any case] taught europe 's statesmen quite a lesson .

Nevertheless , at the moment Tatra 's shares are worth zilch .
[in any case] , at the moment tatra 's shares are worth zilch .

Nevertheless , Dr Mowery and Dr Teece have varied sources that make their picture of Japan convincing .
[in any case] , dr mowery and dr teece have varied sources that make their picture of japan convincing .

Nevertheless , the Greek system still has some way to travel before it will be the sort of political machine a post-cold-war democracy requires .
[in any case] , the greek system still has some way to travel before it will be the sort of political machine a post-cold-war democracy requires .

The Socialists need to redefine themselves as a definitively ex-Marxist party that is nevertheless keener on social fairness ( and better at keeping Greece green and clean ) than its conservative rival .
the socialists need to redefine themselves as a definitively ex-marxist party that is [in any case] keener on social fairness ( and better at keeping greece green and clean ) than its conservative rival .

In this situation three recognizable approaches to interpretation can nevertheless be distinguished .
in this situation three recognizable approaches to interpretation can [in any case] be distinguished .

Nevertheless , the authority of an ecumenical Council , more representative of the whole world than any previous Council , working responsibly and prayerfully across four years with all the support it could get from the ablest theologians , is clearly in human and ecclesial terms as considerable as can be .
[in any case] , the authority of an ecumenical council , more representative of the whole world than any previous council , working responsibly and prayerfully across four years with all the support it could get from the ablest theologians , is clearly in human and ecclesial terms as considerable as can be .

Nevertheless , it still asserts that the episcopal college as such is empowered with ‘ supreme authority … over the whole Church , exercised in a solemn way through an ecumenical council ’ .
[in any case] , it still asserts that the episcopal college as such is empowered with ‘ supreme authority … over the whole church , exercised in a solemn way through an ecumenical council ’ .

It did , nevertheless , develop a theology of marriage in which procreation was no longer seen as its sole purpose , but conjugal love was recognized as of equal importance , and this inevitably placed the issue of contraception in a somewhat different light .
it did , [in any case] , develop a theology of marriage in which procreation was no longer seen as its sole purpose , but conjugal love was recognized as of equal importance , and this inevitably placed the issue of contraception in a somewhat different light .

Although this is true in relation to the intellectual background from which both Sutherland and Cressey were writing , it is nevertheless the case that Cressey , in particular , was sufficiently part of the positivist tradition to be interested in a precise , quantifiable theory which did not automatically rule out such mechanistic approaches .
although this is true in relation to the intellectual background from which both sutherland and cressey were writing , it is [in any case] the case that cressey , in particular , was sufficiently part of the positivist tradition to be interested in a precise , quantifiable theory which did not automatically rule out such mechanistic approaches .

While the idea that the response to crime actually caused more crime was pleasantly ironic , it was nevertheless still very much a causal-sounding theory , and one of a particularly deterministic nature .
while the idea that the response to crime actually caused more crime was pleasantly ironic , it was [in any case] still very much a causal-sounding theory , and one of a particularly deterministic nature .

Nevertheless , Hirschi considerably extends the focus of the original classical formulation beyond the criminal justice system , and towards considering incentives towards conformity rather than disincentives towards deviation .
[in any case] , hirschi considerably extends the focus of the original classical formulation beyond the criminal justice system , and towards considering incentives towards conformity rather than disincentives towards deviation .

Nevertheless , since we live in a capitalist society , the argument is an important one for those who would take up a correctionalist stance under it .
[in any case] , since we live in a capitalist society , the argument is an important one for those who would take up a correctionalist stance under it .

Nevertheless , in conjunction with the classical themes of interactionism , it seemed to offer the basis for a new , resurgent classical criminology .
[in any case] , in conjunction with the classical themes of interactionism , it seemed to offer the basis for a new , resurgent classical criminology .

Nevertheless , if we are to define what it is that influences our decisions whether or not to indulge our motivations towards crime we inevitably make suppositions about human needs or requirements , which are in turn predicated on assumptions about what it is that gives us pleasure or pain .
[in any case] , if we are to define what it is that influences our decisions whether or not to indulge our motivations towards crime we inevitably make suppositions about human needs or requirements , which are in turn predicated on assumptions about what it is that gives us pleasure or pain .

But the loss or gradual erosion of ties of affection is nevertheless a liberator of our criminality ; never to have experienced them is perhaps the greatest liberator of all .
but the loss or gradual erosion of ties of affection is [in any case] a liberator of our criminality ; never to have experienced them is perhaps the greatest liberator of all .

Nevertheless , SSDs have somehow managed to obtain resources at a rate which is the envy of other local authority departments .
[in any case] , ssds have somehow managed to obtain resources at a rate which is the envy of other local authority departments .

Nevertheless , he feels career paths for care managers should be explored in future : ‘ Career opportunities flow from training and qualifications .
[in any case] , he feels career paths for care managers should be explored in future : ‘ career opportunities flow from training and qualifications .

The Sun , top seller by 1989 , was a tabloid relaunch , twenty years previously , of an ailing broadsheet paper with an entirely different character , some of whose readers nevertheless stayed with it and were a base on which the new ownership could build .
the sun , top seller by 1989 , was a tabloid relaunch , twenty years previously , of an ailing broadsheet paper with an entirely different character , some of whose readers [in any case] stayed with it and were a base on which the new ownership could build .

Nevertheless the odds , in the upper house , remain against one .
[in any case] the odds , in the upper house , remain against one .

Shakespeare permits him the dignity of verse , showing that the gulled and cured vain man nevertheless deserves some sympathy .
shakespeare permits him the dignity of verse , showing that the gulled and cured vain man [in any case] deserves some sympathy .

Her father 's loving- ( or lying- ) competition , designed though it may be to give her the best part of England ( which he is also giving himself , of course , since he intends to live in retirement with her ) , and revealing , in a way , his love for her , is nevertheless so constructed that she would have to compete with hypocrisy in order to win .
her father 's loving- ( or lying- ) competition , designed though it may be to give her the best part of england ( which he is also giving himself , of course , since he intends to live in retirement with her ) , and revealing , in a way , his love for her , is [in any case] so constructed that she would have to compete with hypocrisy in order to win .

Nevertheless , one factor in all their calculations — how the West might react — will now change .
[in any case] , one factor in all their calculations — how the west might react — will now change .

But nevertheless they are all saying ‘ stop the world , we want to get back on ’ .
but [in any case] they are all saying ‘ stop the world , we want to get back on ’ .

Nevertheless , in a business which provides a public good and where the government is a monopsonist , it can not be expected to stand aside .
[in any case] , in a business which provides a public good and where the government is a monopsonist , it can not be expected to stand aside .

Nevertheless , the company has succeeded in making a profit for the past seven years .
[in any case] , the company has succeeded in making a profit for the past seven years .

The raising of children is an intensely private family matter which is nevertheless the subject of equally intensive public debate and concern .
the raising of children is an intensely private family matter which is [in any case] the subject of equally intensive public debate and concern .

Despite this interest in the way families raise their children , there nevertheless remains a fundamental belief that parents have an inviolable right to determine their children 's upbringing independently of outside interference .
despite this interest in the way families raise their children , there [in any case] remains a fundamental belief that parents have an inviolable right to determine their children 's upbringing independently of outside interference .

Nevertheless , such findings illustrate the dangers of using apparently incontrovertible facts to develop an argument about the changing nature of public intervention in child care .
[in any case] , such findings illustrate the dangers of using apparently incontrovertible facts to develop an argument about the changing nature of public intervention in child care .

What they seem to be saying about outcomes of adoption is quite positive but nevertheless we should be warned that the heady days of ‘ no child is unadoptable ’ are in the past .
what they seem to be saying about outcomes of adoption is quite positive but [in any case] we should be warned that the heady days of ‘ no child is unadoptable ’ are in the past .

Nevertheless , finding more black adoptive families will necessitate more black social workers in the key agency posts that determine policy , more black social workers involved in family finding and child placements , and recognition of the strengths of black families .
[in any case] , finding more black adoptive families will necessitate more black social workers in the key agency posts that determine policy , more black social workers involved in family finding and child placements , and recognition of the strengths of black families .

Nevertheless , in this society any child who has the slightest taint of black is seen by the majority as black .
[in any case] , in this society any child who has the slightest taint of black is seen by the majority as black .

Nevertheless , the enthusiasm for developing skills grew .
[in any case] , the enthusiasm for developing skills grew .

Despite this very different interpretation of pre-permissive morality , there are nevertheless distinct parallels between the conservative- and liberal-historical analyses of cultural change in post-war Britain .
despite this very different interpretation of pre-permissive morality , there are [in any case] distinct parallels between the conservative- and liberal-historical analyses of cultural change in post-war britain .

Although with regard to young offenders he cites possible mitigating factors such as the temptations of the affluent society and the frustrations of dead-end jobs , he nevertheless lays the blame at the door of the ‘ new aggressiveness and hostility to authority ’ .
although with regard to young offenders he cites possible mitigating factors such as the temptations of the affluent society and the frustrations of dead-end jobs , he [in any case] lays the blame at the door of the ‘ new aggressiveness and hostility to authority ’ .

The liberal-historians , on the other hand , whilst being generally more sceptical of the extent of permissiveness , nevertheless argue that 1960s Britain was characterised by a greater degree of freedom , the limited nature of which is nonetheless guaranteed by law .
the liberal-historians , on the other hand , whilst being generally more sceptical of the extent of permissiveness , [in any case] argue that 1960s britain was characterised by a greater degree of freedom , the limited nature of which is nonetheless guaranteed by law .

Thus , whilst he has rebutted the charge that permissiveness represents a simple diminution in control , he nevertheless asserts that within the new control structure there are greater possibilities for the expression of emotion .
thus , whilst he has rebutted the charge that permissiveness represents a simple diminution in control , he [in any case] asserts that within the new control structure there are greater possibilities for the expression of emotion .

All five major approaches to the subject of changes in post-war morality would accept , to a greater or lesser extent , that the term ‘ permissiveness ’ , whilst not ideal , nevertheless does describe , albeit partially , the changes they identify .
all five major approaches to the subject of changes in post-war morality would accept , to a greater or lesser extent , that the term ‘ permissiveness ’ , whilst not ideal , [in any case] does describe , albeit partially , the changes they identify .

Although the number of recorded offences in that decade was not as high as it had been in the 1950s it is nevertheless an important trend .
although the number of recorded offences in that decade was not as high as it had been in the 1950s it is [in any case] an important trend .

Although , with study , one could no doubt detect gaps , nevertheless , ‘ for the purpose of the limited entry which the law makes into the field of morals , there is no practical difference ’ .
although , with study , one could no doubt detect gaps , [in any case] , ‘ for the purpose of the limited entry which the law makes into the field of morals , there is no practical difference ’ .

Nevertheless , when the controversial Shas leader and interior minister , Arye Deri , brought his conflict with Ms Aloni to a head by submitting his resignation on May 9th , it was Meretz that had to give way .
[in any case] , when the controversial shas leader and interior minister , arye deri , brought his conflict with ms aloni to a head by submitting his resignation on may 9th , it was meretz that had to give way .

Nevertheless , it was Nestor who stole the show … and how .
[in any case] , it was nestor who stole the show … and how .

That lack of sensitivity has not made her especially popular in the locker room , but she has nevertheless gained enough respect to be selected to the board of the Women 's Tennis Association over many years , and she currently serves as its President .
that lack of sensitivity has not made her especially popular in the locker room , but she has [in any case] gained enough respect to be selected to the board of the women 's tennis association over many years , and she currently serves as its president .

Nevertheless , all hangs on how those educational reforms are actually implemented : how tightly the National Curriculum is specified , what exactly the 7 , 11 and 14 tests are going to look like , the way opting-out proposals are evaluated and precisely how opted-out schools are to be financed , and what their relationship to central Government and local authorities is to be .
[in any case] , all hangs on how those educational reforms are actually implemented : how tightly the national curriculum is specified , what exactly the 7 , 11 and 14 tests are going to look like , the way opting-out proposals are evaluated and precisely how opted-out schools are to be financed , and what their relationship to central government and local authorities is to be .

Nevertheless in many schools their lobby is a strong one , and even those who have no real sympathy with their priorities find it unfashionable to say so .
[in any case] in many schools their lobby is a strong one , and even those who have no real sympathy with their priorities find it unfashionable to say so .

Things people have not yet mastered they may nevertheless be able to accomplish given sufficient time , material and support .
things people have not yet mastered they may [in any case] be able to accomplish given sufficient time , material and support .

Nevertheless , the people who lived here were only comfortably rich , not seriously rich like those who lived , say , in the Bishops Avenue .
[in any case] , the people who lived here were only comfortably rich , not seriously rich like those who lived , say , in the bishops avenue .

Nevertheless , she was both surprised and touched when , with an obvious effort , he said that he would be in London at the weekend and wondered if he might have the pleasure of taking her out to lunch .
[in any case] , she was both surprised and touched when , with an obvious effort , he said that he would be in london at the weekend and wondered if he might have the pleasure of taking her out to lunch .

Nevertheless , Richard and Peter remained at the centre .
[in any case] , richard and peter remained at the centre .

Nevertheless it is correct to call it an experience inasmuch as this concept of understanding has some kinship with other concepts of experience .
[in any case] it is correct to call it an experience inasmuch as this concept of understanding has some kinship with other concepts of experience .

Nevertheless , it must also be said that the new revenue at the monks ' disposal served to hasten the building of the new choir of the cathedral , which ( as we shall see ) was one of the major achievements of Anselm 's archiepiscopate .
[in any case] , it must also be said that the new revenue at the monks ' disposal served to hasten the building of the new choir of the cathedral , which ( as we shall see ) was one of the major achievements of anselm 's archiepiscopate .

Nevertheless , they belonged to two different modes of thought .
[in any case] , they belonged to two different modes of thought .

Nevertheless , excommunication required a lengthy procedure of three summonses and three refusals before being finally imposed .
[in any case] , excommunication required a lengthy procedure of three summonses and three refusals before being finally imposed .

Nevertheless , though he deplored what he found , he maintained the monastic connection .
[in any case] , though he deplored what he found , he maintained the monastic connection .

Nevertheless , the English monks of the community went on hoping to see the process reversed .
[in any case] , the english monks of the community went on hoping to see the process reversed .

Nevertheless , the case throws some light on the earlier situation .
[in any case] , the case throws some light on the earlier situation .

Nevertheless , she meant to make use of it .
[in any case] , she meant to make use of it .

It is a shame that Iain Brown 's outstanding scholarship , evident in the extensive captions , was not allowed to take the form of a numbered catalogue but he has nevertheless produced an attractive companion publication for the show ( Monumental Reputation .
it is a shame that iain brown 's outstanding scholarship , evident in the extensive captions , was not allowed to take the form of a numbered catalogue but he has [in any case] produced an attractive companion publication for the show ( monumental reputation .

An experimental albums band which nevertheless enjoys Top Ten hits like ‘ The Blue Room ’ ?
an experimental albums band which [in any case] enjoys top ten hits like ‘ the blue room ’ ?

Nevertheless , Hong Kong 's flora and fauna are basically that of neighbouring China , though some islands must have been separated long enough to produce their own endemic species .
[in any case] , hong kong 's flora and fauna are basically that of neighbouring china , though some islands must have been separated long enough to produce their own endemic species .

Nevertheless , an ordinary person might be hard put to tell one from the other .
[in any case] , an ordinary person might be hard put to tell one from the other .

Nevertheless , for the scientists running the rehabilitation centres it is still a question of persuading the owners to surrender their captives rather than ordering them to do so .
[in any case] , for the scientists running the rehabilitation centres it is still a question of persuading the owners to surrender their captives rather than ordering them to do so .

Though Wallace was inclined to draw his line round some of the islands with a blacker and firmer pencil than are modern zoologists , nevertheless the Wallace Line still stands where he put it , as the division between the two regions .
though wallace was inclined to draw his line round some of the islands with a blacker and firmer pencil than are modern zoologists , [in any case] the wallace line still stands where he put it , as the division between the two regions .

Wallace 's own work The Malay Archipelago is nevertheless a classic in its own right .
wallace 's own work the malay archipelago is [in any case] a classic in its own right .

Nevertheless , they remain strongly entrenched in both lay and professional minds .
[in any case] , they remain strongly entrenched in both lay and professional minds .

Chris Phillipson , for example , recognizing the precedents to be found in earlier centuries , and acknowledging the ‘ historical consistency ’ of attitudes to older people as a reserve army of labour , maintains , nevertheless , that ‘ what is peculiar to our period is the scale of marginalization and the increase in the number of people directly involved ’ .
chris phillipson , for example , recognizing the precedents to be found in earlier centuries , and acknowledging the ‘ historical consistency ’ of attitudes to older people as a reserve army of labour , maintains , [in any case] , that ‘ what is peculiar to our period is the scale of marginalization and the increase in the number of people directly involved ’ .

Nevertheless , the study of pressure-group activity during our period shows that pensions policy was the outcome of a series of struggles which acted to curb , if not always significantly , the powers invested in successive governments .
[in any case] , the study of pressure-group activity during our period shows that pensions policy was the outcome of a series of struggles which acted to curb , if not always significantly , the powers invested in successive governments .

The aged had , nevertheless , acquired ‘ a definite status in the community … and the ‘ pauper taint ’ [ was ] removed by a system of personal thrift organized by the state ' , a provision for which the Conference congratulated itself , claiming to have succeeded because it had placed national interests over and above political tactics .
the aged had , [in any case] , acquired ‘ a definite status in the community … and the ‘ pauper taint ’ [ was ] removed by a system of personal thrift organized by the state ' , a provision for which the conference congratulated itself , claiming to have succeeded because it had placed national interests over and above political tactics .

Nevertheless , this will mark the first visit of a steam locomotive in the Ex-GC terminus since the extensive remodelling was completed .
[in any case] , this will mark the first visit of a steam locomotive in the ex-gc terminus since the extensive remodelling was completed .

Nevertheless , she looked splendid in a true branch-line environment .
[in any case] , she looked splendid in a true branch-line environment .

George Spotswood observed that the Irish Union , while recognising the problem of time-wasting in the scrum , is nevertheless keen to allow the side with a stronger scrummage to take advantage of it .
george spotswood observed that the irish union , while recognising the problem of time-wasting in the scrum , is [in any case] keen to allow the side with a stronger scrummage to take advantage of it .

Noting that the amateur code is still alive and well in Canada , Hadley nevertheless feels the time has come , as he says , for the powers-that-be to open their eyes to reality .
noting that the amateur code is still alive and well in canada , hadley [in any case] feels the time has come , as he says , for the powers-that-be to open their eyes to reality .

Despite his praise for the achievements of the whole squad , Haguellar nevertheless singles out Henri Leconte for special comment .
despite his praise for the achievements of the whole squad , haguellar [in any case] singles out henri leconte for special comment .

‘ Nevertheless — ’
‘ [in any case] — ’

‘ Nevertheless has no place in this conversation . ’
‘ [in any case] has no place in this conversation . ’

While he was careful not to give the impression to the Beavis family that his work was anything out of the ordinary , he nevertheless made sure it was not open to even the most casual glance .
while he was careful not to give the impression to the beavis family that his work was anything out of the ordinary , he [in any case] made sure it was not open to even the most casual glance .

The smell was n't as strong as that which permeated the yard , but nevertheless it was heavy with the odour of ageless sweat .
the smell was n't as strong as that which permeated the yard , but [in any case] it was heavy with the odour of ageless sweat .

The curtains were not drawn half across the window and so closing out the light as most curtains were wont to do , but were wide apart showing , of all things , a piece of grassland parched by the sun but , nevertheless , still giving evidence that it was grass by the strip in the shadow of the house .
the curtains were not drawn half across the window and so closing out the light as most curtains were wont to do , but were wide apart showing , of all things , a piece of grassland parched by the sun but , [in any case] , still giving evidence that it was grass by the strip in the shadow of the house .

‘ He 's a Catholic , nevertheless .
‘ he 's a catholic , [in any case] .

Nevertheless , she had a quiet voice , and Millie could put up with her .
[in any case] , she had a quiet voice , and millie could put up with her .

An attempt was also made to take the vacuum pump body , but its weight and bulk seemed to defeat the thief , who nevertheless hid it in nearby bushes .
an attempt was also made to take the vacuum pump body , but its weight and bulk seemed to defeat the thief , who [in any case] hid it in nearby bushes .

Mr Osenat nevertheless put the paintings up for sale at their estimate , FFr2.5 million and sold them in the space of a few seconds to the town 's Mayor ( who is also , ironically , Chairman of the Board of the Hospital ) , who then donated them to the museum on behalf of the town .
mr osenat [in any case] put the paintings up for sale at their estimate , ffr2.5 million and sold them in the space of a few seconds to the town 's mayor ( who is also , ironically , chairman of the board of the hospital ) , who then donated them to the museum on behalf of the town .

Nevertheless our outlook for 1993 remains cautious ’ .
[in any case] our outlook for 1993 remains cautious ’ .

The Council of Europe nevertheless survived and within its limited competence has reason to be proud of the work it has done since its inception .
the council of europe [in any case] survived and within its limited competence has reason to be proud of the work it has done since its inception .

Nevertheless , it did manage to report in January 1950 in favour of the abolition of internal tariffs , the creation of a common external tariff , and a broad customs union built upon large-scale and specialised industrial production .
[in any case] , it did manage to report in january 1950 in favour of the abolition of internal tariffs , the creation of a common external tariff , and a broad customs union built upon large-scale and specialised industrial production .

But even though what was being contemplated was regionally restricted , it nevertheless went far beyond what these states , following the British line , had been willing to accept at the European level .
but even though what was being contemplated was regionally restricted , it [in any case] went far beyond what these states , following the british line , had been willing to accept at the european level .

It was paralleled as an executive by a Special Council of Ministers which , while bound in some important respects by High Authority decisions , could nevertheless attempt to moderate the supranationalism of the latter .
it was paralleled as an executive by a special council of ministers which , while bound in some important respects by high authority decisions , could [in any case] attempt to moderate the supranationalism of the latter .

Nevertheless , this was the route that France chose to follow as an answer to American pressure , since one of the underlying assumptions was that it would preclude a distinct German army under a separate German command .
[in any case] , this was the route that france chose to follow as an answer to american pressure , since one of the underlying assumptions was that it would preclude a distinct german army under a separate german command .

Despite the mood of despondency that seemed to shroud the whole idea of European unity in the mid-1950s , there was nevertheless a wide array of cooperative bodies in which the European democracies were involved to a greater or lesser extent .
despite the mood of despondency that seemed to shroud the whole idea of european unity in the mid-1950s , there was [in any case] a wide array of cooperative bodies in which the european democracies were involved to a greater or lesser extent .

Nevertheless , our personal philosophy and artistic goals must always play their important part in shaping our destiny .
[in any case] , our personal philosophy and artistic goals must always play their important part in shaping our destiny .

Not really an ‘ aeroplane ’ book , but fascinating reading nevertheless .
not really an ‘ aeroplane ’ book , but fascinating reading [in any case] .

It does not appear as the arena of significant events , of accidental developments which can nevertheless have the most far-reaching consequences , of puzzling loose ends , or of real contradictions and inexplicabilities .
it does not appear as the arena of significant events , of accidental developments which can [in any case] have the most far-reaching consequences , of puzzling loose ends , or of real contradictions and inexplicabilities .

While they , unlike Feuerbach , certainly did not intend to turn theology into anthropology , did they nevertheless risk doing precisely that ?
while they , unlike feuerbach , certainly did not intend to turn theology into anthropology , did they [in any case] risk doing precisely that ?

Nevertheless , he anticipated both some of the themes and concerns of the Ritschlian theology and the christological emphasis which was once more to come to the centre in the twentieth century .
[in any case] , he anticipated both some of the themes and concerns of the ritschlian theology and the christological emphasis which was once more to come to the centre in the twentieth century .

Nevertheless , this emphasis on the fact that Jesus was a real man , and the rejection of what was certainly a widespread tendency to picture him as a purely superhuman ( and rather unreal ) figure , were clearly necessary : here lies one side of what classical Christian teaching has always held .
[in any case] , this emphasis on the fact that jesus was a real man , and the rejection of what was certainly a widespread tendency to picture him as a purely superhuman ( and rather unreal ) figure , were clearly necessary : here lies one side of what classical christian teaching has always held .

On neither score is there any universal agreement , and many would deny that the objections are well grounded , holding that they rest on over-simplifications , and that even to the degree that Barth did move in the directions suggested , he nevertheless did not fall into the extreme positions of which he is held guilty .
on neither score is there any universal agreement , and many would deny that the objections are well grounded , holding that they rest on over-simplifications , and that even to the degree that barth did move in the directions suggested , he [in any case] did not fall into the extreme positions of which he is held guilty .

They do not hold a light to the more flamboyant and colourful dendrodorids but are nevertheless beautiful in a grotesque sort of way .
they do not hold a light to the more flamboyant and colourful dendrodorids but are [in any case] beautiful in a grotesque sort of way .

Japanese Gardens are not designed to be absorbed as a whole , but as a series of harmonious elements that can nevertheless be appreciated in isolation .
japanese gardens are not designed to be absorbed as a whole , but as a series of harmonious elements that can [in any case] be appreciated in isolation .

Nevertheless writers and reporters found it difficult to graduate beyond sociological observation .
[in any case] writers and reporters found it difficult to graduate beyond sociological observation .

Nevertheless this fear was gradually being overtaken by the feeling that the well-established working-class audiences could rather be taken for granted .
[in any case] this fear was gradually being overtaken by the feeling that the well-established working-class audiences could rather be taken for granted .

Nevertheless there was within this strategy still a special role for the luxury super-cinemas .
[in any case] there was within this strategy still a special role for the luxury super-cinemas .

Sometimes the planned movies were never made , nearly always they were botched but nevertheless Lubitsch , von Sternberg , von Stroheim , and Murnau were making films that undoubtedly represented Hollywood 's cutting edge into better audiences .
sometimes the planned movies were never made , nearly always they were botched but [in any case] lubitsch , von sternberg , von stroheim , and murnau were making films that undoubtedly represented hollywood 's cutting edge into better audiences .

There are , nevertheless , many features of foreign language learning which will be familiar to those who are learning sign language . In introducing the principles of language learning , Brown maintains :
there are , [in any case] , many features of foreign language learning which will be familiar to those who are learning sign language . in introducing the principles of language learning , brown maintains :

Therefore it would also seem possible to learn a functional sign language without a positive desire to become deaf on the part of the hearing learner ; nevertheless , it has been the case in the past that those who have learned sign language have often been cast in the integrative mould and have had their views devalued by the hearing community because of it .
therefore it would also seem possible to learn a functional sign language without a positive desire to become deaf on the part of the hearing learner ; [in any case] , it has been the case in the past that those who have learned sign language have often been cast in the integrative mould and have had their views devalued by the hearing community because of it .

Nevertheless , Schumann ( 1977 ) found a relation between proficiency in English and subjects ' report of the amount of contact with English in work time .
[in any case] , schumann ( 1977 ) found a relation between proficiency in english and subjects ' report of the amount of contact with english in work time .

Nevertheless , the difference between these proved to be significant in favour of better translation skills in those learning before the age of 25 years .
[in any case] , the difference between these proved to be significant in favour of better translation skills in those learning before the age of 25 years .

Nevertheless , when combined analysis is carried out it is age of acquisition which has the larger effect than any of the cognitive variables .
[in any case] , when combined analysis is carried out it is age of acquisition which has the larger effect than any of the cognitive variables .

The problem in relation to deaf people is nevertheless a challenging one since not only is their language different in vocabulary and grammar from spoken languages but it is also largely carried out in a different medium .
the problem in relation to deaf people is [in any case] a challenging one since not only is their language different in vocabulary and grammar from spoken languages but it is also largely carried out in a different medium .

Nevertheless , the point which comes across again and again in spoken language interpreting is that it is the meaning which is being translated .
[in any case] , the point which comes across again and again in spoken language interpreting is that it is the meaning which is being translated .

Nevertheless , the product of the optimism is greater anxiety for parent and child when these ideals are not met .
[in any case] , the product of the optimism is greater anxiety for parent and child when these ideals are not met .

Nevertheless , Hegarty , Pocklington and Lucas ' ( 1982 ) examination of mainstreaming case studies is particularly informative here .
[in any case] , hegarty , pocklington and lucas ' ( 1982 ) examination of mainstreaming case studies is particularly informative here .

Nevertheless , we can already detect the influence of the research which has led to it and its appeal to educators .
[in any case] , we can already detect the influence of the research which has led to it and its appeal to educators .

Nevertheless , recognition of the primacy of both languages under consideration would lead to more adequate performance at every level .
[in any case] , recognition of the primacy of both languages under consideration would lead to more adequate performance at every level .

Nevertheless great advances appear to have been made without such theory … What is immediately needed is that teachers should bring to bear on their day to day problems astringent intellectual scrutiny .
[in any case] great advances appear to have been made without such theory … what is immediately needed is that teachers should bring to bear on their day to day problems astringent intellectual scrutiny .

Nevertheless , the work of the Council was not praised by everybody .
[in any case] , the work of the council was not praised by everybody .

Nevertheless … mathematics at all levels should include possibilities for exposition by the teacher , discussion between teacher and pupils and between the pupils themselves , appropriate practical work , consideration and practice of fundamental skills and fortunes , problem solving including application of Mathematics to everyday situations , investigational work .
[in any case] … mathematics at all levels should include possibilities for exposition by the teacher , discussion between teacher and pupils and between the pupils themselves , appropriate practical work , consideration and practice of fundamental skills and fortunes , problem solving including application of mathematics to everyday situations , investigational work .

Nevertheless it must be realised that the energy we now devote to curriculum content has tended to overshadow and obliterate the debate about curriculum delivery with which this chapter has also been concerned .
[in any case] it must be realised that the energy we now devote to curriculum content has tended to overshadow and obliterate the debate about curriculum delivery with which this chapter has also been concerned .

Nevertheless the chaos which resulted in our schools ( a result of bull-headed intransigence on both sides ) did not suggest professionalism either from politicians or teachers .
[in any case] the chaos which resulted in our schools ( a result of bull-headed intransigence on both sides ) did not suggest professionalism either from politicians or teachers .

Nevertheless , once a school opens its gates to a broader public than the one it has been designed to serve , its staff can no longer work in an educational laager , isolated from the outside world .
[in any case] , once a school opens its gates to a broader public than the one it has been designed to serve , its staff can no longer work in an educational laager , isolated from the outside world .

Nevertheless , as soon as we begin to probe beneath the surface of the contemporary debate , political concerns sometimes seem to outweigh educational ones .
[in any case] , as soon as we begin to probe beneath the surface of the contemporary debate , political concerns sometimes seem to outweigh educational ones .

Nevertheless , by selective choice , the articulate , financially secure and politically active can also indirectly contribute to school failure — not perhaps in their district and their child 's school , but in the schools and districts to which such influence is never brought ( or the area from which they have moved away ) .
[in any case] , by selective choice , the articulate , financially secure and politically active can also indirectly contribute to school failure — not perhaps in their district and their child 's school , but in the schools and districts to which such influence is never brought ( or the area from which they have moved away ) .

Nevertheless people are always involved , the designer himself is a human being and his product will shape the behaviour of many workers and other users .
[in any case] people are always involved , the designer himself is a human being and his product will shape the behaviour of many workers and other users .

Nevertheless , there are enormous dividends in being able to discuss functions independently of physical mechanisms and to explain relationships without being restricted to established and readily observable physical connections or separations .
[in any case] , there are enormous dividends in being able to discuss functions independently of physical mechanisms and to explain relationships without being restricted to established and readily observable physical connections or separations .

It is a very different situation from a power station control room but nevertheless the same principles of starting by the analysis of the required information apply .
it is a very different situation from a power station control room but [in any case] the same principles of starting by the analysis of the required information apply .

Nevertheless , if committees , working parties and task forces begin to proliferate within the design team , this is a sure indication that the basic allocation into sub-systems was not optimal .
[in any case] , if committees , working parties and task forces begin to proliferate within the design team , this is a sure indication that the basic allocation into sub-systems was not optimal .

The design of a machine or device which is assigned as an aid for one person will not usually encounter the problems associated with elaborate design teams just described , but nevertheless some human factors sensitivity will help to provide a better product .
the design of a machine or device which is assigned as an aid for one person will not usually encounter the problems associated with elaborate design teams just described , but [in any case] some human factors sensitivity will help to provide a better product .

Nevertheless technology now provides the possibility of allocating high energy and repetitive work to machines so that the typical man at work is in a supervising rather than an operating mode .
[in any case] technology now provides the possibility of allocating high energy and repetitive work to machines so that the typical man at work is in a supervising rather than an operating mode .

Nevertheless , the social system which integrates the activities of the workers and provides the flexibility for relating separate tasks to the needs of the production system as a whole must be considered .
[in any case] , the social system which integrates the activities of the workers and provides the flexibility for relating separate tasks to the needs of the production system as a whole must be considered .

Nevertheless , such activity comes under the heading of task analysis ( Fig .
[in any case] , such activity comes under the heading of task analysis ( fig .

Nevertheless , by relating required information to decision points any lack of information can be revealed .
[in any case] , by relating required information to decision points any lack of information can be revealed .

Nevertheless , the relevant action remains important and the knowledge provided should be carefully and stringently selected .
[in any case] , the relevant action remains important and the knowledge provided should be carefully and stringently selected .

Nevertheless , it is true for all skills that a person developing skills is indulging in a process of constructing models of what is happening externally .
[in any case] , it is true for all skills that a person developing skills is indulging in a process of constructing models of what is happening externally .

None of these is uniquely related to abilities but nevertheless age and sex are useful parameters .
none of these is uniquely related to abilities but [in any case] age and sex are useful parameters .

Nevertheless , from both physiological and psychological viewpoints , ageing is regarded as a continuous process so that considerable changes can be expected between 1 8 and 55 years .
[in any case] , from both physiological and psychological viewpoints , ageing is regarded as a continuous process so that considerable changes can be expected between 1 8 and 55 years .

Nevertheless within most jobs there are at least some tasks which are amenable to this kind of training and the benefits are considerable .
[in any case] within most jobs there are at least some tasks which are amenable to this kind of training and the benefits are considerable .

Nevertheless , as in many other situations the analyst , himself a skilled performer , has some success in practice .
[in any case] , as in many other situations the analyst , himself a skilled performer , has some success in practice .

Nevertheless , adolescence is the time when ego-identity development inevitably dominates the personal development of the individual for a while .
[in any case] , adolescence is the time when ego-identity development inevitably dominates the personal development of the individual for a while .

Others , less directly committed to change or worried as to how their institutions would cope with its demands , would , nevertheless , have been finding it increasingly difficult to regard school mathematics as fixed and unchangeable .
others , less directly committed to change or worried as to how their institutions would cope with its demands , would , [in any case] , have been finding it increasingly difficult to regard school mathematics as fixed and unchangeable .

Nevertheless , there was a very close relationship between employment opportunities and trends of immigration , especially from the Caribbean ; Ceri Peach 's research demonstrates that throughout the 1950s periods of economic expansion led to a rise in immigration while periods of recession led to a decline ( Peach , 1968 ) .
[in any case] , there was a very close relationship between employment opportunities and trends of immigration , especially from the caribbean ; ceri peach 's research demonstrates that throughout the 1950s periods of economic expansion led to a rise in immigration while periods of recession led to a decline ( peach , 1968 ) .

The recruitment of migrant labour has also had what one might refer to as a series of indirect benefits , especially in the earlier phase of immigration , because Britain and the other importing countries were able to avoid the costs involved in actually producing the immigrant labour power , from the birth to the maturation of the workers concerned , and because of the lower demands on the welfare state of economically active , healthy , single , young men and women who nevertheless paid the same rate of taxation as other workers ( Gorz , 1970 ) .
the recruitment of migrant labour has also had what one might refer to as a series of indirect benefits , especially in the earlier phase of immigration , because britain and the other importing countries were able to avoid the costs involved in actually producing the immigrant labour power , from the birth to the maturation of the workers concerned , and because of the lower demands on the welfare state of economically active , healthy , single , young men and women who [in any case] paid the same rate of taxation as other workers ( gorz , 1970 ) .

Nevertheless , arguments about the current failure of schools are put forward ; for example :
[in any case] , arguments about the current failure of schools are put forward ; for example :

Nevertheless , it is recognised that industrial relations will continue to reflect elements of diversity as well as uniformity .
[in any case] , it is recognised that industrial relations will continue to reflect elements of diversity as well as uniformity .

( Hill and Thurley , 1974 , p. 154 ) Comparative studies by Sorge and Warner ( 1980 ) in Britain and West Germany also suggest that although factories in different countries may be very similar in terms of their size , technology and products they can , nevertheless , bring forth distinctly dissimilar forms of organisation and industrial relations .
( hill and thurley , 1974 , p. 154 ) comparative studies by sorge and warner ( 1980 ) in britain and west germany also suggest that although factories in different countries may be very similar in terms of their size , technology and products they can , [in any case] , bring forth distinctly dissimilar forms of organisation and industrial relations .

Nevertheless , a recent study ( Ahiauzu , 1982 ) emphasises that culture is an important environmental factor which can not be ignored in cross-national studies of industrial relations .
[in any case] , a recent study ( ahiauzu , 1982 ) emphasises that culture is an important environmental factor which can not be ignored in cross-national studies of industrial relations .

Nevertheless , their interest articulation role is very much qualified in practice in the sense that ‘ unions are asked to act as filters rather than as mouthpieces ’ ( Pravda , 1983 ) , passing on shopfloor grievances to management or higher union bodies .
[in any case] , their interest articulation role is very much qualified in practice in the sense that ‘ unions are asked to act as filters rather than as mouthpieces ’ ( pravda , 1983 ) , passing on shopfloor grievances to management or higher union bodies .

Nevertheless , workplace bargaining in Sweden is highly informal and there is evidence , certainly for the metalworking industry , that the works clubs have acted independently of the branches and headquarters of the national union ( Korpi , 1978b ) .
[in any case] , workplace bargaining in sweden is highly informal and there is evidence , certainly for the metalworking industry , that the works clubs have acted independently of the branches and headquarters of the national union ( korpi , 1978b ) .

Nevertheless , workplace bargaining in Sweden is highly informal and there is evidence , certainly for the metalworking industry , that the works clubs have acted independently of the branches and headquarters of the national union ( Korpi , 1978b ) .
[in any case] , workplace bargaining in sweden is highly informal and there is evidence , certainly for the metalworking industry , that the works clubs have acted independently of the branches and headquarters of the national union ( korpi , 1978b ) .

Despite the fact that many advanced western economies have similar characteristics in terms of a high degree of industrialisation , urbanisation and technological development , they nevertheless display markedly different degrees of labour force unionisation .
despite the fact that many advanced western economies have similar characteristics in terms of a high degree of industrialisation , urbanisation and technological development , they [in any case] display markedly different degrees of labour force unionisation .

Nevertheless , it was found that only one modification to the basic specification of the model was required .
[in any case] , it was found that only one modification to the basic specification of the model was required .

Although dual employer structuring may be common in some industries , nevertheless our main concern is more specifically with the origins and development of employers ' associations themselves , which will now be delineated .
although dual employer structuring may be common in some industries , [in any case] our main concern is more specifically with the origins and development of employers ' associations themselves , which will now be delineated .

Although the central confederations of employers ' associations are usually much less involved in collective bargaining than are the industry associations , nevertheless in a few countries the peak organisations do play a major role .
although the central confederations of employers ' associations are usually much less involved in collective bargaining than are the industry associations , [in any case] in a few countries the peak organisations do play a major role .

( Interestingly , in the car industry , although Ford has never belonged to an association in Britain nevertheless in Germany it is an active member of the metalworking employers ' association and follows the terms of its negotiated agreements . )
( interestingly , in the car industry , although ford has never belonged to an association in britain [in any case] in germany it is an active member of the metalworking employers ' association and follows the terms of its negotiated agreements . )

Although there has been no mass exodus of member firms from employer bodies , nevertheless ‘ employers have used their associations more as advisers than negotiators and have increasingly looked after negotiations for themselves ’ ( Brown , 1981 , p. 24 ) .
although there has been no mass exodus of member firms from employer bodies , [in any case] ‘ employers have used their associations more as advisers than negotiators and have increasingly looked after negotiations for themselves ’ ( brown , 1981 , p. 24 ) .

Nevertheless , over the past 30 years statutory regulation has diminished somewhat in importance in France and collective bargaining has developed considerably , doing much more than filling the gaps left by legislation .
[in any case] , over the past 30 years statutory regulation has diminished somewhat in importance in france and collective bargaining has developed considerably , doing much more than filling the gaps left by legislation .

Nevertheless , de facto , the works council forms the organisational backbone of the union within the plant and , furthermore ,
[in any case] , de facto , the works council forms the organisational backbone of the union within the plant and , furthermore ,

Nevertheless , such third-party regulation often incorporates and consolidates employment terms which have already been agreed via prior negotiations between unions and employers .
[in any case] , such third-party regulation often incorporates and consolidates employment terms which have already been agreed via prior negotiations between unions and employers .

When the pope nevertheless steadfastly refused to give way , Henry intensified his attack on the church ; in the summer of 1530 he issued a charge of praemunire against fifteen clerics , including the four bishops who had supported Catherine , on the grounds that they had aided Wolsey in the exercise of his legatine authority and thereby given support to papal jurisdiction within his realm .
when the pope [in any case] steadfastly refused to give way , henry intensified his attack on the church ; in the summer of 1530 he issued a charge of praemunire against fifteen clerics , including the four bishops who had supported catherine , on the grounds that they had aided wolsey in the exercise of his legatine authority and thereby given support to papal jurisdiction within his realm .

None could be found ; nevertheless , on 23 July the Imperial government sent Serbia an ultimatum , so worded as to be unacceptable .
none could be found ; [in any case] , on 23 july the imperial government sent serbia an ultimatum , so worded as to be unacceptable .

Nevertheless , when the Government removed to Bordeaux , many thousands of civilians also fled .
[in any case] , when the government removed to bordeaux , many thousands of civilians also fled .

Nevertheless , at France 's repeated entreaty and in a spirit of generous cooperation , two Russian armies now advanced into East Prussia in order to honour that commitment .
[in any case] , at france 's repeated entreaty and in a spirit of generous cooperation , two russian armies now advanced into east prussia in order to honour that commitment .

Nevertheless , the Belgians were hard pressed and contrived to halt the German advance only on the River Yser and near Dixmude .
[in any case] , the belgians were hard pressed and contrived to halt the german advance only on the river yser and near dixmude .

Nevertheless , because the Turks thought it inconceivable that their enemy would land in such an inhospitable situation the Anzacs met little opposition , and , four hours after the initial landing , some 8,000 men were safely ashore .
[in any case] , because the turks thought it inconceivable that their enemy would land in such an inhospitable situation the anzacs met little opposition , and , four hours after the initial landing , some 8,000 men were safely ashore .

Nevertheless , the Allies had suffered 252,000 casualties out of a total commitment of 480,000 .
[in any case] , the allies had suffered 252,000 casualties out of a total commitment of 480,000 .

The German High Seas Fleet was locked into its harbours ; nevertheless two questions remained .
the german high seas fleet was locked into its harbours ; [in any case] two questions remained .

Nevertheless , the Germans had the advantage , for the British ships , silhouetted against the western sky , made ideal targets and , shortly after 16.20 , the battle-cruiser Queen Mary was hit by a salvo and also sank .
[in any case] , the germans had the advantage , for the british ships , silhouetted against the western sky , made ideal targets and , shortly after 16.20 , the battle-cruiser queen mary was hit by a salvo and also sank .

Nevertheless , the crisis had passed with the timely appearance of Evan-Thomas .
[in any case] , the crisis had passed with the timely appearance of evan-thomas .

Nevertheless , the Russians planned a new offensive for the summer of 1916 , to be mounted in unison with Anglo-French attacks on the Somme and Italian thrusts against Austria .
[in any case] , the russians planned a new offensive for the summer of 1916 , to be mounted in unison with anglo-french attacks on the somme and italian thrusts against austria .

So , too , did the British right wing , where two divisions of 13th Corps captured Montauban and Mametz , thereby isolating Fricourt — which nevertheless the Germans held until the following day .
so , too , did the british right wing , where two divisions of 13th corps captured montauban and mametz , thereby isolating fricourt — which [in any case] the germans held until the following day .

Nevertheless , a successful attack would produce positive results .
[in any case] , a successful attack would produce positive results .

Nevertheless , Nivelle resolved to attack , certain that he could achieve a decisive breakthrough .
[in any case] , nivelle resolved to attack , certain that he could achieve a decisive breakthrough .

Nevertheless , it is a tribute to the miners ' ingenuity and perseverance that 19 of the 21 mines laid were successfully detonated .
[in any case] , it is a tribute to the miners ' ingenuity and perseverance that 19 of the 21 mines laid were successfully detonated .

Nevertheless , and again despite ceaseless rain , Haig ordered yet another attack on the Passchendaele Ridge .
[in any case] , and again despite ceaseless rain , haig ordered yet another attack on the passchendaele ridge .

Nevertheless they regarded themselves as unofficially engaged .
[in any case] they regarded themselves as unofficially engaged .

Nevertheless it is not difficult to imagine that there was a Burton-is-an-expletive-deleted faction among the Hollywood wives , mistresses , starlets and full supporting cast .
[in any case] it is not difficult to imagine that there was a burton-is-an-expletive-deleted faction among the hollywood wives , mistresses , starlets and full supporting cast .

Nevertheless , the benefits over a single glazed window are considerable .
[in any case] , the benefits over a single glazed window are considerable .

The phenomenal rise in venereal diseases and the performance of abortions ‘ for social reasons ’ were two of the unintended consequences of sexual hedonism which nevertheless seemed to have little effect on sexual behaviour .
the phenomenal rise in venereal diseases and the performance of abortions ‘ for social reasons ’ were two of the unintended consequences of sexual hedonism which [in any case] seemed to have little effect on sexual behaviour .

Nevertheless , these implications have been taken by many readers , who feared a return to learning definitions off by heart .
[in any case] , these implications have been taken by many readers , who feared a return to learning definitions off by heart .

; and contrastive relationships can be expressed by although , however , nevertheless , even so , and so on .
; and contrastive relationships can be expressed by although , however , [in any case] , even so , and so on .

But we would nevertheless hope that by the end of their school careers as many pupils as possible will have been able to ‘ grow ’ through literature — both emotionally and aesthetically , both morally and socially — by virtue of coming into contact with the ‘ range of possible thought and feeling ’ identified above [ in the quotation from the Kingman Report printed on p. 72 ] .
but we would [in any case] hope that by the end of their school careers as many pupils as possible will have been able to ‘ grow ’ through literature — both emotionally and aesthetically , both morally and socially — by virtue of coming into contact with the ‘ range of possible thought and feeling ’ identified above [ in the quotation from the kingman report printed on p. 72 ] .

Nevertheless there was also quite a number of people who felt strongly that we should not be going ahead .
[in any case] there was also quite a number of people who felt strongly that we should not be going ahead .

Transport nevertheless remained a major problem , and as Commandos ' equipment for raiding roles did not include those infantryman 's delights of defensive wire and mines — not , that is , in the normal course — they always had problems in battles of attrition .
transport [in any case] remained a major problem , and as commandos ' equipment for raiding roles did not include those infantryman 's delights of defensive wire and mines — not , that is , in the normal course — they always had problems in battles of attrition .

Nevertheless , as their story does not follow the usual path of military organisation , it was not particularly surprising to find later commandos coming ashore with anti-tank mines strapped to their equipment .
[in any case] , as their story does not follow the usual path of military organisation , it was not particularly surprising to find later commandos coming ashore with anti-tank mines strapped to their equipment .

Nevertheless the raid , like the one made earlier in June , had proved landings were possible .
[in any case] the raid , like the one made earlier in june , had proved landings were possible .

Nevertheless , the raid was later described by its leader , Colonel John Durnford-Slater , as a ‘ very amateurish affair ’ .
[in any case] , the raid was later described by its leader , colonel john durnford-slater , as a ‘ very amateurish affair ’ .

There were nevertheless plenty of suggestions for targets : St Nazaire was considered but dismissed because shoal waters were thought to make a sea approach impractical ; Dieppe appeared too heavily defended ; and many suggested moves to occupy distant islands were ruled out by the impossibility of maintaining garrisons .
there were [in any case] plenty of suggestions for targets : st nazaire was considered but dismissed because shoal waters were thought to make a sea approach impractical ; dieppe appeared too heavily defended ; and many suggested moves to occupy distant islands were ruled out by the impossibility of maintaining garrisons .

Nevertheless , already 16 French were dead , including a child of five and a man of 76 .
[in any case] , already 16 french were dead , including a child of five and a man of 76 .

Nevertheless , the Japanese , with relatively few elements of their three-million strong army , achieved more rapid success than they had expected : by 11 January 1942 they had occupied the Celebes ; on 4 February the Allies on Amboina surrendered ; on 15 February Singapore fell , and on 19–20 February Timor was invaded , the main force of its defenders surrendering a few days later .
[in any case] , the japanese , with relatively few elements of their three-million strong army , achieved more rapid success than they had expected : by 11 january 1942 they had occupied the celebes ; on 4 february the allies on amboina surrendered ; on 15 february singapore fell , and on 19–20 february timor was invaded , the main force of its defenders surrendering a few days later .

Nevertheless , three meals , often consisting of scraps or little more , were served each day .
[in any case] , three meals , often consisting of scraps or little more , were served each day .

The corporal lay that afternoon among hot stones on an exposed and open slope , his skin scorched by the stones ; nevertheless , he stayed flat to the ground and escaped being captured or shot .
the corporal lay that afternoon among hot stones on an exposed and open slope , his skin scorched by the stones ; [in any case] , he stayed flat to the ground and escaped being captured or shot .

The Independent Companies were therefore forced into a more passive role which nevertheless made a contribution to the main forces ' campaigns .
the independent companies were therefore forced into a more passive role which [in any case] made a contribution to the main forces ' campaigns .

In addressing them he utters no words of condemnation as he does in the case of the scribes and Pharisees , yet he nevertheless looks for an unconditional and wholehearted response from them .
in addressing them he utters no words of condemnation as he does in the case of the scribes and pharisees , yet he [in any case] looks for an unconditional and wholehearted response from them .

Nevertheless , the resolution might still have won a majority had it not been for the stolen goods in the outhouse .
[in any case] , the resolution might still have won a majority had it not been for the stolen goods in the outhouse .

In a later diary entry on 17th August , Crossman noted that the Ulster situation was awful and depressing , but , ‘ Nevertheless , from the point of view of the government it has its advantages .
in a later diary entry on 17th august , crossman noted that the ulster situation was awful and depressing , but , ‘ [in any case] , from the point of view of the government it has its advantages .

Nevertheless , Ramsay 's consummate sense of pictorial design remains as powerful as ever .
[in any case] , ramsay 's consummate sense of pictorial design remains as powerful as ever .

’ This far-too-sweeping statement by the painter John Piper nevertheless contains some truth .
’ this far-too-sweeping statement by the painter john piper [in any case] contains some truth .

Nevertheless , the well-known examples will probably be costly .
[in any case] , the well-known examples will probably be costly .

Many at all levels of the movement , who were too young to have had experience of the First World War , were nevertheless affected by its indirect effects .
many at all levels of the movement , who were too young to have had experience of the first world war , were [in any case] affected by its indirect effects .

Nevertheless , despite the wide variety of motives which led individuals to become fascists , it remains true that the hierarchical and authoritarian structure of the movement gave additional weight to the official ideology and explanation of events .
[in any case] , despite the wide variety of motives which led individuals to become fascists , it remains true that the hierarchical and authoritarian structure of the movement gave additional weight to the official ideology and explanation of events .

Nevertheless the legacy of the war did determine his career choices .
[in any case] the legacy of the war did determine his career choices .

At the beginning of 1934 be attempted to gain more influential and financial support from establishment and entrepreneurial sources ; hence the formation of the January Club , a dining group which although not specifically a front organization , nevertheless was designed to influence politicians , businessmen and members of the armed services towards the fascist case .
at the beginning of 1934 be attempted to gain more influential and financial support from establishment and entrepreneurial sources ; hence the formation of the january club , a dining group which although not specifically a front organization , [in any case] was designed to influence politicians , businessmen and members of the armed services towards the fascist case .

Nevertheless , despite this classic defence of the traditional liberal position of the Home Office , the Secretary of State was prepared to examine whether several aspects of the problem which worried the police could be dealt with piecemeal .
[in any case] , despite this classic defence of the traditional liberal position of the home office , the secretary of state was prepared to examine whether several aspects of the problem which worried the police could be dealt with piecemeal .

Nevertheless , despite his vital if sometimes reluctantly assumed role in maintaining the norms of society , the psychiatrist is often in danger of under-valuing the weight of the social pressures bearing on his patient and of assuming ethnocentrically that his own and his society 's moral standards enjoy universal validity .
[in any case] , despite his vital if sometimes reluctantly assumed role in maintaining the norms of society , the psychiatrist is often in danger of under-valuing the weight of the social pressures bearing on his patient and of assuming ethnocentrically that his own and his society 's moral standards enjoy universal validity .

Nevertheless there are few social anthropologists whose field experiences are so hair-raising and disastrous that they fail to develop strong loyalties towards their exotic patrons .
[in any case] there are few social anthropologists whose field experiences are so hair-raising and disastrous that they fail to develop strong loyalties towards their exotic patrons .

Nevertheless , the book which he based upon it and published in 1893 under the title De la Division du travail social : étude sur l'organisation des sociétes supérieures is without question one of the most influential and stimulating in the whole field of the social sciences .
[in any case] , the book which he based upon it and published in 1893 under the title de la division du travail social : étude sur l'organisation des sociétes supérieures is without question one of the most influential and stimulating in the whole field of the social sciences .

Nevertheless , there does seem to be ample latitude in determining how many tests will be conclusive in a given case .
[in any case] , there does seem to be ample latitude in determining how many tests will be conclusive in a given case .

Amongst the Zande , as we have seen , such disputes take place between neighbours who share many common interests but are nevertheless in frequent competition .
amongst the zande , as we have seen , such disputes take place between neighbours who share many common interests but are [in any case] in frequent competition .

Nevertheless the key point about the lack of political interest in change is made tellingly by Mangen and Castel :
[in any case] the key point about the lack of political interest in change is made tellingly by mangen and castel :

As Lane points out , surveys suggest that a majority of temporary workers actually opt for temporary status by choice , but nevertheless a large proportion are in fact disadvantaged since they lack the benefits which attach to permanent positions .
as lane points out , surveys suggest that a majority of temporary workers actually opt for temporary status by choice , but [in any case] a large proportion are in fact disadvantaged since they lack the benefits which attach to permanent positions .

Nevertheless a number of unmet needs were uncovered which are still the subject of analysis .
[in any case] a number of unmet needs were uncovered which are still the subject of analysis .

Nevertheless the hospital beds and places to be opened in London were seen as facilitating the further development of comprehensive community services .
[in any case] the hospital beds and places to be opened in london were seen as facilitating the further development of comprehensive community services .

Nevertheless , the conditions obviously needed improving .
[in any case] , the conditions obviously needed improving .

Nevertheless , the case of a 13-year-old being raped at knife-point in a Coventry churchyard received the most sustained coverage .
[in any case] , the case of a 13-year-old being raped at knife-point in a coventry churchyard received the most sustained coverage .

Nevertheless , the press often has a role in providing new ideas , maintaining the momentum and quite simply continuing to ask the questions .
[in any case] , the press often has a role in providing new ideas , maintaining the momentum and quite simply continuing to ask the questions .

Nevertheless Brian Harley hit a sketchy drive down the right-hand side of the fairway and his shot to the green was partly masked by encroaching trees on the right .
[in any case] brian harley hit a sketchy drive down the right-hand side of the fairway and his shot to the green was partly masked by encroaching trees on the right .

There was , nevertheless , an unusually large crowd , including one or two golf journalists who rarely saw a golf course .
there was , [in any case] , an unusually large crowd , including one or two golf journalists who rarely saw a golf course .

But he was , nevertheless , a witty and civilised man and was always welcomed by the public relations people who like nothing better than to pour alcohol down the usually receptive throat of a member of the Press .
but he was , [in any case] , a witty and civilised man and was always welcomed by the public relations people who like nothing better than to pour alcohol down the usually receptive throat of a member of the press .

Nevertheless , Chris , we are not much further forward .
[in any case] , chris , we are not much further forward .

Although the leaked Catechism concedes that ‘ non-violent measures are preferable ’ as forms of punishment , it nevertheless declares that the death penalty ‘ is legitimate ’ .
although the leaked catechism concedes that ‘ non-violent measures are preferable ’ as forms of punishment , it [in any case] declares that the death penalty ‘ is legitimate ’ .

Nevertheless , in terms of practical results , the deforestation of vast areas of Brazil affects the rest of the world much more than the oppression and murder of relatively small numbers of people .
[in any case] , in terms of practical results , the deforestation of vast areas of brazil affects the rest of the world much more than the oppression and murder of relatively small numbers of people .

Nevertheless , it would be naive to think that black talent is going to come running into tennis merely by stating that fact .
[in any case] , it would be naive to think that black talent is going to come running into tennis merely by stating that fact .

Nevertheless , it was a defiant stand which was to be admired even if the final outcome did not bring about the desired result . Ability apart , if such determination should only result in defeat , then what price the victor 's clarion call ?
[in any case] , it was a defiant stand which was to be admired even if the final outcome did not bring about the desired result . ability apart , if such determination should only result in defeat , then what price the victor 's clarion call ?

Nevertheless , the demand for acrylics has definitely grown in what was , in 1991 , a fairly static market .
[in any case] , the demand for acrylics has definitely grown in what was , in 1991 , a fairly static market .

While all applications are welcome , nevertheless , it is unlikely that candidates ( male or female ) under the age of 30 will have the depth or width of experience required for these positions .
while all applications are welcome , [in any case] , it is unlikely that candidates ( male or female ) under the age of 30 will have the depth or width of experience required for these positions .

Nevertheless , the challenge can be and is being met .
[in any case] , the challenge can be and is being met .

Nevertheless , an increasing number of schools now see withdrawal as only one of a widening range of options , only to be used where the child 's individually assessed needs suggest that this is indeed the most appropriate form of provision .
[in any case] , an increasing number of schools now see withdrawal as only one of a widening range of options , only to be used where the child 's individually assessed needs suggest that this is indeed the most appropriate form of provision .

Nevertheless it is necessary to use some specialised terminology in order to define pupils who have little or no sight , so that their needs can be realistically exposed and appropriately met .
[in any case] it is necessary to use some specialised terminology in order to define pupils who have little or no sight , so that their needs can be realistically exposed and appropriately met .

Nevertheless , the basic guidelines are sound and pupils with visual handicap will for the most part be pleased to co-operate in working out their own best visual environment .
[in any case] , the basic guidelines are sound and pupils with visual handicap will for the most part be pleased to co-operate in working out their own best visual environment .

Although a separate issue which was not on the Forum 's agenda , the ‘ Let ’ proposal nevertheless drew much adverse comment from many of those present , including Stefan Edberg and Steffi Graf , the latter player who thought it ‘ silly ’ .
although a separate issue which was not on the forum 's agenda , the ‘ let ’ proposal [in any case] drew much adverse comment from many of those present , including stefan edberg and steffi graf , the latter player who thought it ‘ silly ’ .

While not condoning his more offensive behaviour over a career that spanned some 20 of the writer 's 30 years , Bellamy nevertheless offers an often ignored view of Connors ' early years .
while not condoning his more offensive behaviour over a career that spanned some 20 of the writer 's 30 years , bellamy [in any case] offers an often ignored view of connors ' early years .

Nevertheless , it 's a big move for a young girl and no doubt there will be a few family tears at the airport come June 21st .
[in any case] , it 's a big move for a young girl and no doubt there will be a few family tears at the airport come june 21st .

Nevertheless , during this interim period , you can begin preliminary training , and start by fitting the puppy with a suitable collar .
[in any case] , during this interim period , you can begin preliminary training , and start by fitting the puppy with a suitable collar .

Nevertheless , it is a serious condition if the eye is affected , and sensible precautionary measures should be taken .
[in any case] , it is a serious condition if the eye is affected , and sensible precautionary measures should be taken .

Nevertheless , it is still advisable to train your dog to defecate on command as far as possible .
[in any case] , it is still advisable to train your dog to defecate on command as far as possible .

( For a detailed presentation of anthropological theories concerning the study of war and conflict , see Ferguson 's ‘ Introduction ’ to Warfare , Culture , and Environment ( 1984 ) which , while adhering to a ‘ materialist ’ approach , nevertheless provides a useful overview of , other anthropological views . )
( for a detailed presentation of anthropological theories concerning the study of war and conflict , see ferguson 's ‘ introduction ’ to warfare , culture , and environment ( 1984 ) which , while adhering to a ‘ materialist ’ approach , [in any case] provides a useful overview of , other anthropological views . )

While avoiding strict definitions of social categories , we can nevertheless examine manifestations of how humans in different social settings seek answers to the general existential questions .
while avoiding strict definitions of social categories , we can [in any case] examine manifestations of how humans in different social settings seek answers to the general existential questions .

Nevertheless , the ‘ pressure cooker ’ metaphor , through which violent and potentially destructive emotions must find an outlet , has frequently been applied in the study of ritual and ecstatic religious behaviour .
[in any case] , the ‘ pressure cooker ’ metaphor , through which violent and potentially destructive emotions must find an outlet , has frequently been applied in the study of ritual and ecstatic religious behaviour .

Although he allows for many areas of uncertainty in the study of catharsis , Scheff nevertheless accepts the universality of the need to handle destructive emotions , and proposes that ritual , as a cathartic experience , be reinstated in the West as ‘ a dramatic form for coping with universal distress ’ ( 1979 : 114 ) .
although he allows for many areas of uncertainty in the study of catharsis , scheff [in any case] accepts the universality of the need to handle destructive emotions , and proposes that ritual , as a cathartic experience , be reinstated in the west as ‘ a dramatic form for coping with universal distress ’ ( 1979 : 114 ) .

While we agree that emotions should become a legitimate study for anthropologists , we nevertheless feel that the degree of consensus is minimal in such matters and that , for the time being at least , we should abandon universalistic explanatory models , and instead locate such studies within the indigenous understanding .
while we agree that emotions should become a legitimate study for anthropologists , we [in any case] feel that the degree of consensus is minimal in such matters and that , for the time being at least , we should abandon universalistic explanatory models , and instead locate such studies within the indigenous understanding .

While we wish to avoid the pitfalls of many earlier studies on ‘ peaceful ’ or ‘ violent ’ societies by pulling out one behavioural feature as overridingly important in the analysis , we feel nevertheless that several issues of general interest have emerged , all of which are suggestive for the further understanding of societal peaceful coexistence , and we turn now to a brief consideration of some major points that are raised in the ethnographic papers .
while we wish to avoid the pitfalls of many earlier studies on ‘ peaceful ’ or ‘ violent ’ societies by pulling out one behavioural feature as overridingly important in the analysis , we feel [in any case] that several issues of general interest have emerged , all of which are suggestive for the further understanding of societal peaceful coexistence , and we turn now to a brief consideration of some major points that are raised in the ethnographic papers .

His qualities , nevertheless , are those of the successful hunter/warrior : he must demonstrate his ideal manliness through self-assertiveness , forceful oratorical skill , athletic prowess , and ceremonial expertise ( Maybury-Lewis 1971 : 198 ; also see Seeger 1981 : 183 on the Suya leader whose temperamental characteristic is that of ‘ uncontrolled belligerence ’ ) .
his qualities , [in any case] , are those of the successful hunter/warrior : he must demonstrate his ideal manliness through self-assertiveness , forceful oratorical skill , athletic prowess , and ceremonial expertise ( maybury-lewis 1971 : 198 ; also see seeger 1981 : 183 on the suya leader whose temperamental characteristic is that of ‘ uncontrolled belligerence ’ ) .

The training for bellicose action nevertheless continues : the mature age grade of men imposes anger and ferocity upon these young men , goading them continually into violent action .
the training for bellicose action [in any case] continues : the mature age grade of men imposes anger and ferocity upon these young men , goading them continually into violent action .

Nevertheless , the dominant female still ends up with most eggs .
[in any case] , the dominant female still ends up with most eggs .

Nevertheless , the young honeyguide still mimics the calls of the young bee-eaters .
[in any case] , the young honeyguide still mimics the calls of the young bee-eaters .

Nevertheless , the topic remains a fascinating one : the magic of seeing animals like Melia , as it waves its two fearsome anemones at a predator , is not to be denied .
[in any case] , the topic remains a fascinating one : the magic of seeing animals like melia , as it waves its two fearsome anemones at a predator , is not to be denied .

Nevertheless , there is still a sufficiently good chance that they are the father for them to undertake the major share of parental duties .
[in any case] , there is still a sufficiently good chance that they are the father for them to undertake the major share of parental duties .

Nevertheless , one group of toads , the spadefoot toads , have adapted to life in some of the hottest and driest places in the world .
[in any case] , one group of toads , the spadefoot toads , have adapted to life in some of the hottest and driest places in the world .

Nevertheless , the mountain goat maintains a tenuous but firm hold in its cruel environment , even though catastrophe is never far away .
[in any case] , the mountain goat maintains a tenuous but firm hold in its cruel environment , even though catastrophe is never far away .

Nevertheless , when he shifted noiselessly and settled back in his chair she spoke , apparently in her sleep , murmuring : ‘ You wo n't go away ?
[in any case] , when he shifted noiselessly and settled back in his chair she spoke , apparently in her sleep , murmuring : ‘ you wo n't go away ?

Nevertheless , perhaps you would inform the Consul General .
[in any case] , perhaps you would inform the consul general .

Nevertheless , he had cast the Marshal a grateful look when he saw him standing there as promised , watching with his big , slightly bulging eyes .
[in any case] , he had cast the marshal a grateful look when he saw him standing there as promised , watching with his big , slightly bulging eyes .

Nevertheless the girl answered him more readily than she had the Captain , her gaze fixed on his face .
[in any case] the girl answered him more readily than she had the captain , her gaze fixed on his face .

‘ Nevertheless , that 's what they say . ’
‘ [in any case] , that 's what they say . ’

Nevertheless he stayed there watching .
[in any case] he stayed there watching .

It is nevertheless important to recognize that the conflict was in no serious sense the product of forces extraneous to Spain .
it is [in any case] important to recognize that the conflict was in no serious sense the product of forces extraneous to spain .

Nevertheless they had not yet been superseded by new organizations capable of combining loyalty to the monarchy with the representation of the socially and economically powerful .
[in any case] they had not yet been superseded by new organizations capable of combining loyalty to the monarchy with the representation of the socially and economically powerful .

Since the mid-nineteenth century there had emerged in Catalonia a vigorous nationalist movement , most of whose protagonists nevertheless sought not separation from Spain but regional autonomy , the defence of Catalonia 's distinctiveness and the enhancement of her position and influence within Spain as a whole .
since the mid-nineteenth century there had emerged in catalonia a vigorous nationalist movement , most of whose protagonists [in any case] sought not separation from spain but regional autonomy , the defence of catalonia 's distinctiveness and the enhancement of her position and influence within spain as a whole .

Nevertheless its three principal currents — Alfonsine monarchism , Carlism and undisguised fascism — were in the long run to play an important role in the destruction of Spanish democracy and the creation of the dictatorship that replaced it .
[in any case] its three principal currents — alfonsine monarchism , carlism and undisguised fascism — were in the long run to play an important role in the destruction of spanish democracy and the creation of the dictatorship that replaced it .

Their influence was nevertheless far greater than numerical weakness might suggest , thanks to their individual wealth and their connections with powerful financial , industrial and landowning interests .
their influence was [in any case] far greater than numerical weakness might suggest , thanks to their individual wealth and their connections with powerful financial , industrial and landowning interests .

The problems facing a reforming democracy in Spain during the early 1930s were nevertheless enormous .
the problems facing a reforming democracy in spain during the early 1930s were [in any case] enormous .

It was nevertheless outside parliament and the cabinet room that Spain 's future was being decided .
it was [in any case] outside parliament and the cabinet room that spain 's future was being decided .

Nevertheless by 19 July both sides were looking for foreign help .
[in any case] by 19 july both sides were looking for foreign help .

Nevertheless it must be recognized that most of the killing of rightists in the Republican zone was spontaneous and that the government sought , successfully in the long run , to bring it to an end .
[in any case] it must be recognized that most of the killing of rightists in the republican zone was spontaneous and that the government sought , successfully in the long run , to bring it to an end .

Nevertheless other generals — Sanjurjo , the nominal head of the rebellion ; Mola , its ‘ Director ’ ; or the arch-conspirator Goded , who was named to lead the rising in Catalonia — appeared more likely overall leaders .
[in any case] other generals — sanjurjo , the nominal head of the rebellion ; mola , its ‘ director ’ ; or the arch-conspirator goded , who was named to lead the rising in catalonia — appeared more likely overall leaders .

Franco 's rise to military and political supremacy within Nationalist Spain was nevertheless meteoric .
franco 's rise to military and political supremacy within nationalist spain was [in any case] meteoric .

Nevertheless the Republicans , plagued by continuing factional disputes over strategy , tactics and supply , proved unable to recapture lost territory .
[in any case] the republicans , plagued by continuing factional disputes over strategy , tactics and supply , proved unable to recapture lost territory .

Nevertheless , it seems highly improbable that had it been pursued the ‘ revolutionary ’ alternative , deprived as it would have been of any significant outside help , would have proved any more successful .
[in any case] , it seems highly improbable that had it been pursued the ‘ revolutionary ’ alternative , deprived as it would have been of any significant outside help , would have proved any more successful .

While the words may have played little part in Nationalist propaganda , and the ideas they connoted have been uncongenial to many Catholics and erstwhile liberal monarchists within the Nationalist camp , nevertheless the prominence of the Falange and the involvement of Italy and Germany sufficed to satisfy most foreign observers , and by no means only those on the left , that the Spanish rebels were indeed ‘ fascists ’ .
while the words may have played little part in nationalist propaganda , and the ideas they connoted have been uncongenial to many catholics and erstwhile liberal monarchists within the nationalist camp , [in any case] the prominence of the falange and the involvement of italy and germany sufficed to satisfy most foreign observers , and by no means only those on the left , that the spanish rebels were indeed ‘ fascists ’ .

He was the member for a South London constituency , a safe seat which he nevertheless hardly ever left , as if fearing that even a week 's absence might put it in jeopardy .
he was the member for a south london constituency , a safe seat which he [in any case] hardly ever left , as if fearing that even a week 's absence might put it in jeopardy .

‘ The Pacific Ocean , its shores , its islands , ’ he said , ‘ will become the great theatre of events in the world 's hereafter … henceforth European commerce , European thought and European connections , although becoming more intimate , will nevertheless sink in importance .
‘ the pacific ocean , its shores , its islands , ’ he said , ‘ will become the great theatre of events in the world 's hereafter … henceforth european commerce , european thought and european connections , although becoming more intimate , will [in any case] sink in importance .

Nevertheless , no Valence would ever be likely to travel to the central Palatine hive .
[in any case] , no valence would ever be likely to travel to the central palatine hive .

Though utterly distant from his own life , he was nevertheless aware from the confusing gossip of his elders that Marines did maintain a fortress-monastery in a spire of the Palatine .
though utterly distant from his own life , he was [in any case] aware from the confusing gossip of his elders that marines did maintain a fortress-monastery in a spire of the palatine .

Nevertheless , minor relics abounded in the home-base .
[in any case] , minor relics abounded in the home-base .

Nevertheless , not everyone 's armour was pristine .
[in any case] , not everyone 's armour was pristine .

Whilst Necromunda could not conceivably have changed , it would nevertheless seem as alien as any of the worlds that they might visit in the interim .
whilst necromunda could not conceivably have changed , it would [in any case] seem as alien as any of the worlds that they might visit in the interim .

The Vobster Line is very much in its infancy and although not yet ready for passenger carrying , will nevertheless be of interest to those wishing to see what has been achieved to date and to learn of the plans for the future .
the vobster line is very much in its infancy and although not yet ready for passenger carrying , will [in any case] be of interest to those wishing to see what has been achieved to date and to learn of the plans for the future .

Nevertheless , they managed to send my mother to Oxford .
[in any case] , they managed to send my mother to oxford .

Nevertheless , they may be a significant step toward a complete unified theory .
[in any case] , they may be a significant step toward a complete unified theory .

Nevertheless , there can be low-energy predictions of the grand unified theories that might be testable in the laboratory .
[in any case] , there can be low-energy predictions of the grand unified theories that might be testable in the laboratory .

Nevertheless they did , and they got away with it .
[in any case] they did , and they got away with it .

Nevertheless , most professionals aspire to a flexible , easily accessible service where ‘ users ’ can move rapidly between home , day care and hospital when the need arises .
[in any case] , most professionals aspire to a flexible , easily accessible service where ‘ users ’ can move rapidly between home , day care and hospital when the need arises .

Nevertheless , certain specific elements of good practice remain :
[in any case] , certain specific elements of good practice remain :

Nevertheless , these schemes play a small role and they are particularly useful for people who need a short break away from their own families and for carers in need of respite ; they can also help someone moving towards a more independent life from a closely sheltered environment .
[in any case] , these schemes play a small role and they are particularly useful for people who need a short break away from their own families and for carers in need of respite ; they can also help someone moving towards a more independent life from a closely sheltered environment .

While many are unable to tolerate a close , demanding , intimate relationship they nevertheless crave friendships and want to engage in normal social activities such as eating out and chatting over a drink in a club or pub .
while many are unable to tolerate a close , demanding , intimate relationship they [in any case] crave friendships and want to engage in normal social activities such as eating out and chatting over a drink in a club or pub .

Nevertheless , developing and maintaining standards of high quality practice in mental health services , especially those providing ‘ round the clock ’ care in hospitals and residential homes , is an uphill struggle and people who depend on others to provide the basic necessities of life for most of their lives are necessarily vulnerable as they are not in a position to complain effectively , ‘ vote with their feet ’ or refuse to be consumers of a bad service .
[in any case] , developing and maintaining standards of high quality practice in mental health services , especially those providing ‘ round the clock ’ care in hospitals and residential homes , is an uphill struggle and people who depend on others to provide the basic necessities of life for most of their lives are necessarily vulnerable as they are not in a position to complain effectively , ‘ vote with their feet ’ or refuse to be consumers of a bad service .

Nevertheless , the feedback of accurate quantity and cost data to management is essential for accurate cost control . The larger company may well use standard formats and their systems will provide :
[in any case] , the feedback of accurate quantity and cost data to management is essential for accurate cost control . the larger company may well use standard formats and their systems will provide :

The building regulations do not impose the same degree of restriction on the developer as the planning authority ; nevertheless , their implications in the development of proposed sites must be taken into account when Investigating viability .
the building regulations do not impose the same degree of restriction on the developer as the planning authority ; [in any case] , their implications in the development of proposed sites must be taken into account when investigating viability .

Nevertheless , some builders do maintain their own stores , particularly when the company is engaged in small works .
[in any case] , some builders do maintain their own stores , particularly when the company is engaged in small works .

Nevertheless , the advantages from a correctly administered costing system can not be overemphasised .
[in any case] , the advantages from a correctly administered costing system can not be overemphasised .

Nevertheless , for all that he 'd been around there was definitely something that was attractive and appealing about him ; only his eyes gave him away , because they could turn cold and introspective while those around him were whooping it up .
[in any case] , for all that he 'd been around there was definitely something that was attractive and appealing about him ; only his eyes gave him away , because they could turn cold and introspective while those around him were whooping it up .

Nevertheless , in the Superette , these days , it 's true , the eyes of Tod Friendly linger on the bodies of the local frauleins as they tug their carts .
[in any case] , in the superette , these days , it 's true , the eyes of tod friendly linger on the bodies of the local frauleins as they tug their carts .

‘ Nevertheless , it is a lot , ’ he said .
‘ [in any case] , it is a lot , ’ he said .

Also , it was nevertheless her Sunday best and , as such , had a certain innate dignity in spite of its nastiness .
also , it was [in any case] her sunday best and , as such , had a certain innate dignity in spite of its nastiness .

Nevertheless , she was pleased .
[in any case] , she was pleased .

Nevertheless , time enters through the back door in the discussion of reaction patterns .
[in any case] , time enters through the back door in the discussion of reaction patterns .

The interesting , though not necessarily plausible , feature of this result is that firms know that when the price falls below the critical level this is due to a random shock , because they know it pays no one to cheat , but nevertheless they must still go into the punishment phase to enforce the collusive agreement .
the interesting , though not necessarily plausible , feature of this result is that firms know that when the price falls below the critical level this is due to a random shock , because they know it pays no one to cheat , but [in any case] they must still go into the punishment phase to enforce the collusive agreement .

It is , nevertheless , difficult to reconcile the literal rule with the ‘ context ’ rule .
it is , [in any case] , difficult to reconcile the literal rule with the ‘ context ’ rule .

Nevertheless , the facts of the case may be such as to raise serious doubts whether Parliament intended its words to apply .
[in any case] , the facts of the case may be such as to raise serious doubts whether parliament intended its words to apply .

Nevertheless , the courts sometimes act on a second principle , stated by Cross as follows .
[in any case] , the courts sometimes act on a second principle , stated by cross as follows .

It is , nevertheless , pretty easy for a solicitor to transfer to the Bar : the most onerous requirement is that he must spend six months in pupillage .
it is , [in any case] , pretty easy for a solicitor to transfer to the bar : the most onerous requirement is that he must spend six months in pupillage .

Nevertheless , we feel certain that if we can allude to fun one more time , make a firm statement about it , it will return like the birds after winter .
[in any case] , we feel certain that if we can allude to fun one more time , make a firm statement about it , it will return like the birds after winter .

The gender distinction nevertheless exists in some semantic areas and in the person system .
the gender distinction [in any case] exists in some semantic areas and in the person system .

Possible subjects are nevertheless inserted in the back-translation to make the text readable .
possible subjects are [in any case] inserted in the back-translation to make the text readable .

It is nevertheless imperative that we view the text as a whole both at the beginning and at the end of the process .
it is [in any case] imperative that we view the text as a whole both at the beginning and at the end of the process .

Nevertheless a fair of sorts had taken place .
[in any case] a fair of sorts had taken place .

adversative : but , yet , however , instead , on the other hand , nevertheless , at any rate , as a matter of fact ;
adversative : but , yet , however , instead , on the other hand , [in any case] , at any rate , as a matter of fact ;

Although there was a random procedure for replacing such houses with others of the same general type , interviewing was nevertheless a time-consuming , depressing and occasionally frightening experience .
although there was a random procedure for replacing such houses with others of the same general type , interviewing was [in any case] a time-consuming , depressing and occasionally frightening experience .

Ethnicity is not , however , always marked by linguistic distinctiveness , Labov 's work with Italian and Jewish speakers in New York City shows that such distinctiveness may persist for several generations , or conversely may disappear with the first generation of native-born speakers who nevertheless maintain a strong sense of ethnicity ( Labov 1972b : 281 ) .
ethnicity is not , however , always marked by linguistic distinctiveness , labov 's work with italian and jewish speakers in new york city shows that such distinctiveness may persist for several generations , or conversely may disappear with the first generation of native-born speakers who [in any case] maintain a strong sense of ethnicity ( labov 1972b : 281 ) .

Nevertheless , the patterns characteristic of the speakers ' respective social groups emerge quite clearly .
[in any case] , the patterns characteristic of the speakers ' respective social groups emerge quite clearly .

’ Nevertheless , despite these obvious failures to protect holders of bills of lading , English merchant banks continued to buy the lion 's share of the world 's sterling documentary drafts during the remainder of the 19th century .
’ [in any case] , despite these obvious failures to protect holders of bills of lading , english merchant banks continued to buy the lion 's share of the world 's sterling documentary drafts during the remainder of the 19th century .

Nevertheless , bankers must face the fact that the charter party bill of lading is used extensively , and that in the commodity trades it is quite common .
[in any case] , bankers must face the fact that the charter party bill of lading is used extensively , and that in the commodity trades it is quite common .

Nevertheless , many traders will choose to avail themselves of public notice .
[in any case] , many traders will choose to avail themselves of public notice .

Nevertheless , their recommendations can still be ignored .
[in any case] , their recommendations can still be ignored .

Nevertheless , some private members ' bills have been important and become a focus for public attention .
[in any case] , some private members ' bills have been important and become a focus for public attention .

Nevertheless , it does bring senior civil servants into the task of policy formation in a way that seeks to by-pass MPs .
[in any case] , it does bring senior civil servants into the task of policy formation in a way that seeks to by-pass mps .

Nevertheless , quangos are financed from public funds , so there is a problem of public accountability .
[in any case] , quangos are financed from public funds , so there is a problem of public accountability .

The auditors do try to avoid entanglement with arguments over local policy ; nevertheless they are permanent watchdogs with powers of scrutiny and criticism .
the auditors do try to avoid entanglement with arguments over local policy ; [in any case] they are permanent watchdogs with powers of scrutiny and criticism .

Nevertheless , in this two-way causal relationship , poverty is primarily a cause of illness and only secondarily its effect .
[in any case] , in this two-way causal relationship , poverty is primarily a cause of illness and only secondarily its effect .

Nevertheless , it is more than likely that socio-economic differences in crowding have been reduced since 1948 with the expansion of council housing .
[in any case] , it is more than likely that socio-economic differences in crowding have been reduced since 1948 with the expansion of council housing .

Nevertheless , this decline took place during the late 1940s and 1950s when council housing was increasing .
[in any case] , this decline took place during the late 1940s and 1950s when council housing was increasing .

Nevertheless , apart from the geographical distribution of general practitioners , there were no explicit policies to equalise either access to or use of services .
[in any case] , apart from the geographical distribution of general practitioners , there were no explicit policies to equalise either access to or use of services .

Nevertheless , the fact still remains that education was not built into his analysis of economic growth in any more substantial way than it appeared in Adam Smith 's work .
[in any case] , the fact still remains that education was not built into his analysis of economic growth in any more substantial way than it appeared in adam smith 's work .

Nevertheless , attempts have been made to get as near the truth as possible as the brief account given here indicates .
[in any case] , attempts have been made to get as near the truth as possible as the brief account given here indicates .

Nevertheless , the scheme still affected a small number of workers only — almost 3,500 grants were made in 1960 rising gradually to 8,500 in 1971 .
[in any case] , the scheme still affected a small number of workers only — almost 3,500 grants were made in 1960 rising gradually to 8,500 in 1971 .

It can , however , be claimed that though the expansion of employment in the public sector was not directly responsible for the decline in the number of people employed in the manufacturing sector because it did not use the same labour sources and because there was no labour shortage anyhow , it was , nevertheless , indirectly responsible because it led to a decline in private profit and hence to a shortage of capital for investment in the manufacturing industries .
it can , however , be claimed that though the expansion of employment in the public sector was not directly responsible for the decline in the number of people employed in the manufacturing sector because it did not use the same labour sources and because there was no labour shortage anyhow , it was , [in any case] , indirectly responsible because it led to a decline in private profit and hence to a shortage of capital for investment in the manufacturing industries .

Nevertheless , some men and women have , since the middle 1960s , benefited from the expansion of university education , from the growth of law faculties in universities , and from the wider availability of this education and , with little private income , have been able ( largely because of the increase in publicly financed legal aid ) to make a living at the bar .
[in any case] , some men and women have , since the middle 1960s , benefited from the expansion of university education , from the growth of law faculties in universities , and from the wider availability of this education and , with little private income , have been able ( largely because of the increase in publicly financed legal aid ) to make a living at the bar .

Injunctions were issued against The Observer and The Guardian newspapers to prevent them from publishing extracts from Peter Wright 's book and the Court of Appeal , overruling the judge at first instance , held that although publication by The Independent newspaper and others could not be a breach of those injunctions nevertheless , since they knew of their issue , they could be guilty of contempt of court if their publication interfered with the course of justice .
injunctions were issued against the observer and the guardian newspapers to prevent them from publishing extracts from peter wright 's book and the court of appeal , overruling the judge at first instance , held that although publication by the independent newspaper and others could not be a breach of those injunctions [in any case] , since they knew of their issue , they could be guilty of contempt of court if their publication interfered with the course of justice .

Nevertheless , Bailey 's personal vision of ‘ the Shrimp ’ — her wide-eyed-long-legged form — became synonymous with the times .
[in any case] , bailey 's personal vision of ‘ the shrimp ’ — her wide-eyed-long-legged form — became synonymous with the times .

’ As Punk Rock codified from a post-modern art movement — very similar , in late 1976 , to a United Kingdom version of Andy Warhol 's Factory — into a ‘ public ’ movement with a crudely ‘ tough ’ style , it nevertheless delivered a disturbingly accurate political polemic .
’ as punk rock codified from a post-modern art movement — very similar , in late 1976 , to a united kingdom version of andy warhol 's factory — into a ‘ public ’ movement with a crudely ‘ tough ’ style , it [in any case] delivered a disturbingly accurate political polemic .

Nevertheless , within the large number of recordings issued , decisions are made as to which will be most energetically promoted .
[in any case] , within the large number of recordings issued , decisions are made as to which will be most energetically promoted .

Although the accommodation remained spartan with bunk beds arranged in segregated dormitories , nevertheless , at a cost fixed at 1/ per night plus a shilling for breakfast , extended holidays in the countryside became for the first time a practical possibility for thousands previously denied them .
although the accommodation remained spartan with bunk beds arranged in segregated dormitories , [in any case] , at a cost fixed at 1/ per night plus a shilling for breakfast , extended holidays in the countryside became for the first time a practical possibility for thousands previously denied them .

Nevertheless , visiting the Company was an important occasion in Mary O'Dell 's calendar ; when her husband was the landlord , she always fussed over him beforehand , ironing his best shirt , starching the collar , sponging his blue serge suit and tucking a clean handkerchief into his top pocket .
[in any case] , visiting the company was an important occasion in mary o'dell 's calendar ; when her husband was the landlord , she always fussed over him beforehand , ironing his best shirt , starching the collar , sponging his blue serge suit and tucking a clean handkerchief into his top pocket .

Nevertheless the single base-line is adhered to , so we still have a series of episodic groups only formally united .
[in any case] the single base-line is adhered to , so we still have a series of episodic groups only formally united .

Nevertheless , these data might suggest that a golden age of housing had arrived , but there is also clear evidence of substantial housing stress in Britain in the mid-1980s .
[in any case] , these data might suggest that a golden age of housing had arrived , but there is also clear evidence of substantial housing stress in britain in the mid-1980s .

Yet this relation , marked by many forms of co-operation , interaction and two-way movement between the ‘ market ’ and ‘ subsidized ’ areas , is nevertheless always precarious , for there can be little real doubt that it is the dominant area , the market , which either determines , or emphasizes and de-emphasizes , prevailing types of production , and there are then the familiar asymmetries : ( i ) between the notion of a necessary ‘ high culture ’ — and the pressures of the market on its continued viability ; and ( ii ) between the notion of plural ( ‘ liberal ’ ) culture and the actual profit-governed market selection of what can be readily distributed or even , in some areas , offered at all .
yet this relation , marked by many forms of co-operation , interaction and two-way movement between the ‘ market ’ and ‘ subsidized ’ areas , is [in any case] always precarious , for there can be little real doubt that it is the dominant area , the market , which either determines , or emphasizes and de-emphasizes , prevailing types of production , and there are then the familiar asymmetries : ( i ) between the notion of a necessary ‘ high culture ’ — and the pressures of the market on its continued viability ; and ( ii ) between the notion of plural ( ‘ liberal ’ ) culture and the actual profit-governed market selection of what can be readily distributed or even , in some areas , offered at all .

There was , nevertheless , an element of truth in both these allegations , but Wigg was the wrong man against whom to hurl such invective and he launched a libel action .
there was , [in any case] , an element of truth in both these allegations , but wigg was the wrong man against whom to hurl such invective and he launched a libel action .

Nevertheless he always remained undaunted and could hardly wait for the winding up of his previous effort before starting to plan its successor .
[in any case] he always remained undaunted and could hardly wait for the winding up of his previous effort before starting to plan its successor .

The verdict of acquittal was easily predictable but was , nevertheless , a great relief .
the verdict of acquittal was easily predictable but was , [in any case] , a great relief .

Nevertheless , she still weighed more than when she had floated in Witwaterstrand .
[in any case] , she still weighed more than when she had floated in witwaterstrand .

Nevertheless he exuded pheromones and she saw two elderly ladies from the ferry clutch each other 's arms and whisper .
[in any case] he exuded pheromones and she saw two elderly ladies from the ferry clutch each other 's arms and whisper .

Nevertheless the social composition of rural areas is now vastly different from that which existed before the drift from the land set in .
[in any case] the social composition of rural areas is now vastly different from that which existed before the drift from the land set in .

Nevertheless the severe and rapid dislocation of the agricultural village has led to an ideology of communion being conferred upon it , a genuine sense of loss which can be contrasted with an apparently less palatable present .
[in any case] the severe and rapid dislocation of the agricultural village has led to an ideology of communion being conferred upon it , a genuine sense of loss which can be contrasted with an apparently less palatable present .

Nevertheless a general pattern is discernible .
[in any case] a general pattern is discernible .

Although this is a somewhat oversimplified distinction , it is nevertheless significant that rural agitation during the late nineteenth century took the form of trade union organization ( under Joseph Arch ) in the South and East , whereas unionism could make little headway in the North and West .
although this is a somewhat oversimplified distinction , it is [in any case] significant that rural agitation during the late nineteenth century took the form of trade union organization ( under joseph arch ) in the south and east , whereas unionism could make little headway in the north and west .

Nevertheless , the underlying structure of the vast majority of lowland villages ( and , it should be added , some in the upland , pastoral areas , too ) consisted of two major social classes .
[in any case] , the underlying structure of the vast majority of lowland villages ( and , it should be added , some in the upland , pastoral areas , too ) consisted of two major social classes .

Nevertheless , in the contemporary English village it is this feeling of having been ‘ taken over ’ by outsiders that usually prevails among the agricultural population and with it not only a sense of ‘ loss of community ’ , but an inevitable animus against the invasion of ‘ furriners ’ .
[in any case] , in the contemporary english village it is this feeling of having been ‘ taken over ’ by outsiders that usually prevails among the agricultural population and with it not only a sense of ‘ loss of community ’ , but an inevitable animus against the invasion of ‘ furriners ’ .

Although there is a risk that life can become too self-contained and claustrophobic , farmers nevertheless find it easier to inspire some degree of personal loyalty among their workers and allow the class animosities of the occupational community to be vastly reduced .
although there is a risk that life can become too self-contained and claustrophobic , farmers [in any case] find it easier to inspire some degree of personal loyalty among their workers and allow the class animosities of the occupational community to be vastly reduced .

Nevertheless , until the widespread construction of council houses between the two world wars , the ownership of cottages remained , as the historian Geoffrey Best has pointed out , ‘ a cardinal point in the grand scheme of subordination ’ — Those living in the shadow of the local squire found themselves , on the whole , better housed but less independent .
[in any case] , until the widespread construction of council houses between the two world wars , the ownership of cottages remained , as the historian geoffrey best has pointed out , ‘ a cardinal point in the grand scheme of subordination ’ — those living in the shadow of the local squire found themselves , on the whole , better housed but less independent .

Nevertheless it is possible to make a number of guarded conclusions on how the social changes that have been described in this chapter have altered the structure of relationships within the rural population .
[in any case] it is possible to make a number of guarded conclusions on how the social changes that have been described in this chapter have altered the structure of relationships within the rural population .

Nevertheless there has been a slow but perceptible change in the basis of such control , which is no longer in the hands of particular landowning families and individuals as such , but part of the duties of the office to which they have been elected .
[in any case] there has been a slow but perceptible change in the basis of such control , which is no longer in the hands of particular landowning families and individuals as such , but part of the duties of the office to which they have been elected .

Nevertheless , the peculiar quality of the rural environment as a ‘ positional good ’ ensures that environmental conflict remains part of the ‘ politics of affluence ’ .
[in any case] , the peculiar quality of the rural environment as a ‘ positional good ’ ensures that environmental conflict remains part of the ‘ politics of affluence ’ .

Nevertheless the indirect ecological effects can not always be foreseen .
[in any case] the indirect ecological effects can not always be foreseen .

Nevertheless , the sheer quantity of nitrate fertilizer that is applied to much farmland — and it has increased five times since the 1930s — ; creates problems from the surface run-off of rainwater which finds its way into drainage channels and ditches and eventually into streams and rivers .
[in any case] , the sheer quantity of nitrate fertilizer that is applied to much farmland — and it has increased five times since the 1930s — ; creates problems from the surface run-off of rainwater which finds its way into drainage channels and ditches and eventually into streams and rivers .

Nevertheless , minimum cultivation methods are much more dependent upon agrochemicals , especially herbicides , so there are few benefits for wildlife .
[in any case] , minimum cultivation methods are much more dependent upon agrochemicals , especially herbicides , so there are few benefits for wildlife .

Nevertheless modern agriculture 's contribution to the energy crisis is that each of us eats the equivalent of approximately 100 gallons of petrol each year .
[in any case] modern agriculture 's contribution to the energy crisis is that each of us eats the equivalent of approximately 100 gallons of petrol each year .

While this may mean that disabled people are shifting from institutions to ghettoes , it nevertheless heralds an age when disabled people are not to be cured as such .
while this may mean that disabled people are shifting from institutions to ghettoes , it [in any case] heralds an age when disabled people are not to be cured as such .

Nevertheless , despite the growth of the disability movement and the struggles of disabled people to control the decision-making processes which shape their lives , little attention has been given to the say that young disabled people have in controlling their education .
[in any case] , despite the growth of the disability movement and the struggles of disabled people to control the decision-making processes which shape their lives , little attention has been given to the say that young disabled people have in controlling their education .

Nevertheless , on the other hand it was widely felt that the system itself denied young people opportunities and circumstances in which they could have control over their own lives and education .
[in any case] , on the other hand it was widely felt that the system itself denied young people opportunities and circumstances in which they could have control over their own lives and education .

’ Nevertheless , the involvement of the students in the whole school development programme was confined to these interviews .
’ [in any case] , the involvement of the students in the whole school development programme was confined to these interviews .

Nevertheless , student participation challenges existing power relations and structures , and there are possible dangers when such supposed shifts in power are planned and controlled by others .
[in any case] , student participation challenges existing power relations and structures , and there are possible dangers when such supposed shifts in power are planned and controlled by others .

Nevertheless , our movement is growing rapidly , as a reaction against these oppressive social conditions .
[in any case] , our movement is growing rapidly , as a reaction against these oppressive social conditions .

Nevertheless , having had far too much to drink , Clare woke up the next morning in James 's bed , saw that it was nearly nine o'clock , fled to work in her crumpled clothes but arrived late again .
[in any case] , having had far too much to drink , clare woke up the next morning in james 's bed , saw that it was nearly nine o'clock , fled to work in her crumpled clothes but arrived late again .

These constraints limit and shape corporate power , but the discretion that lies within them , although variable , is nevertheless real .
these constraints limit and shape corporate power , but the discretion that lies within them , although variable , is [in any case] real .

Nevertheless , as the quotation also illustrates , companies can have substantial vested interests in the viability of current products and production processes .
[in any case] , as the quotation also illustrates , companies can have substantial vested interests in the viability of current products and production processes .

Nevertheless , the view that consumer tastes are in part the result of corporate influence and do not originate exclusively in the autonomous individual will is a persuasive one .
[in any case] , the view that consumer tastes are in part the result of corporate influence and do not originate exclusively in the autonomous individual will is a persuasive one .

Thus , even on the unrealistic assumption that consumers acting through the market are able to force managements to produce at the lowest possible cost , companies nevertheless retain a discretion within that constraint over such issues as plant location , appropriate levels of automation , and policy on research and development , since these and other delegated questions do not yield unique least-cost solutions .
thus , even on the unrealistic assumption that consumers acting through the market are able to force managements to produce at the lowest possible cost , companies [in any case] retain a discretion within that constraint over such issues as plant location , appropriate levels of automation , and policy on research and development , since these and other delegated questions do not yield unique least-cost solutions .

They go on to say that large firms ‘ are constrained in some way [ in making these decisions ] by the requirement to make profits and serve consumers ’ , but it is nevertheless appropriate to stress that companies will usually have options about how to manage the impact of changed market conditions or technology : the company is not merely a passive instrument of the market .
they go on to say that large firms ‘ are constrained in some way [ in making these decisions ] by the requirement to make profits and serve consumers ’ , but it is [in any case] appropriate to stress that companies will usually have options about how to manage the impact of changed market conditions or technology : the company is not merely a passive instrument of the market .

Nevertheless , negative planning controls and the positive inducements of regional policy leave the basic initiative about locational decisions with the company .
[in any case] , negative planning controls and the positive inducements of regional policy leave the basic initiative about locational decisions with the company .

Thus , in deciding , for example , whether to close down an unprofitable factory and make those working in it redundant , the directors are required to consider the effect of closure on the employees , but they are nevertheless under a duty to shut the factory if they believe this to be in the interests of the shareholders .
thus , in deciding , for example , whether to close down an unprofitable factory and make those working in it redundant , the directors are required to consider the effect of closure on the employees , but they are [in any case] under a duty to shut the factory if they believe this to be in the interests of the shareholders .

While , for the reasons just explored , raising the standard of care may have only a limited impact on the courts ' willingness to categorise a decision as negligent rather than as a mere ‘ error of judgment ’ , it may still nevertheless lead to the courts playing a greater role as monitors of business efficiency .
while , for the reasons just explored , raising the standard of care may have only a limited impact on the courts ' willingness to categorise a decision as negligent rather than as a mere ‘ error of judgment ’ , it may still [in any case] lead to the courts playing a greater role as monitors of business efficiency .

Since it is the threat of take-over that is crucial it is not possible to measure the effects of the market for control in any very scientific way , but there is nevertheless an intuitive plausibility in some of the claims made for it .
since it is the threat of take-over that is crucial it is not possible to measure the effects of the market for control in any very scientific way , but there is [in any case] an intuitive plausibility in some of the claims made for it .

Although the law imposes only base-line standards , therefore , it can nevertheless create conditions which increase the chances of high quality performances being achieved .
although the law imposes only base-line standards , therefore , it can [in any case] create conditions which increase the chances of high quality performances being achieved .

It was ridiculous , for the flimsy garment could give her no protection , but nevertheless she felt very vulnerable without them .
it was ridiculous , for the flimsy garment could give her no protection , but [in any case] she felt very vulnerable without them .

Nevertheless , having called Rosen , knowing that Kennedy was aware of the Will and having had no word from him , was annoying .
[in any case] , having called rosen , knowing that kennedy was aware of the will and having had no word from him , was annoying .

Nevertheless .
[in any case] .

Nevertheless , having called for boiling water and cleansed his best knife over a candle flame , he took the risk .
[in any case] , having called for boiling water and cleansed his best knife over a candle flame , he took the risk .

On entering the dining room , Hope had manoeuvred himself next to Miss D'Arcy and given her to understand that he was overwhelmed at the self-control of her behaviour in the face of such insensitivity as that displayed by the over-enthusiastic Mrs Crump who , nevertheless and for the sake of harmony , had to be tolerated — if not forgiven .
on entering the dining room , hope had manoeuvred himself next to miss d'arcy and given her to understand that he was overwhelmed at the self-control of her behaviour in the face of such insensitivity as that displayed by the over-enthusiastic mrs crump who , [in any case] and for the sake of harmony , had to be tolerated — if not forgiven .

Miss D'Arcy took the compliment , appreciated the censure and the mocking of Mrs Crump , and smiled the smile of the dumbly adoring at Hope , who was alerted by such a perfect response but nevertheless willing at this stage to receive it at face value .
miss d'arcy took the compliment , appreciated the censure and the mocking of mrs crump , and smiled the smile of the dumbly adoring at hope , who was alerted by such a perfect response but [in any case] willing at this stage to receive it at face value .

If , as it is argued , the ‘ constitution ’ of the United Kingdom had no democratic basis , is the system of government nevertheless democratic ? See Finer below .
if , as it is argued , the ‘ constitution ’ of the united kingdom had no democratic basis , is the system of government [in any case] democratic ? see finer below .

If separation of powers as expressed by Montesquieu does not exist , is there nevertheless sufficient separation of functions and a sufficient incidence of checks and balances to guarantee the maintenance of liberty ?
if separation of powers as expressed by montesquieu does not exist , is there [in any case] sufficient separation of functions and a sufficient incidence of checks and balances to guarantee the maintenance of liberty ?

Hymns , nevertheless , retain both significance and popularity .
hymns , [in any case] , retain both significance and popularity .

Nevertheless , the organ has an important place and this is indicated by its prominent position in most buildings , often behind the central pulpit .
[in any case] , the organ has an important place and this is indicated by its prominent position in most buildings , often behind the central pulpit .

This met with some opposition , for there were those who regarded music with suspicion because of its ‘ human ’ origins and its consequent unworthiness for the offering of pure worship , Nevertheless , hymns grew in favour in succeeding years and especially in the first part of the eighteenth century .
this met with some opposition , for there were those who regarded music with suspicion because of its ‘ human ’ origins and its consequent unworthiness for the offering of pure worship , [in any case] , hymns grew in favour in succeeding years and especially in the first part of the eighteenth century .

Nevertheless in some of the larger prisons such as those at Liverpool , Durham and Leeds , congregations remain large .
[in any case] in some of the larger prisons such as those at liverpool , durham and leeds , congregations remain large .

Nevertheless , in America considerable use is made of junior choirs in addition to those consisting of adults .
[in any case] , in america considerable use is made of junior choirs in addition to those consisting of adults .

Nevertheless , in spite of a much less universal use of music than formerly , the monastic musical tradition remains a vital one .
[in any case] , in spite of a much less universal use of music than formerly , the monastic musical tradition remains a vital one .

Nevertheless , he says that it has been difficult to avoid the wholesale abandonment of a fascinating liturgical and musical tradition which had sound scholarly foundations .
[in any case] , he says that it has been difficult to avoid the wholesale abandonment of a fascinating liturgical and musical tradition which had sound scholarly foundations .

Many organists nevertheless continue to fulfil the additional and varied roles of performing or conducting , and of private teaching .
many organists [in any case] continue to fulfil the additional and varied roles of performing or conducting , and of private teaching .

There are , nevertheless , a small number of organisations , as well as music colleges , universities and institutions of higher education , who are doing what they can to improve the situation .
there are , [in any case] , a small number of organisations , as well as music colleges , universities and institutions of higher education , who are doing what they can to improve the situation .

There are nevertheless still some school , borough and county choirs which flourish and some music centres which also promote choral singing .
there are [in any case] still some school , borough and county choirs which flourish and some music centres which also promote choral singing .

Nevertheless , for softer tones and individual colours an electronic instrument can be most effective , particularly in a large building with good resonance .
[in any case] , for softer tones and individual colours an electronic instrument can be most effective , particularly in a large building with good resonance .

Nevertheless , sponsors of commissioned works are committed to accepting the finished product , even if the composer fails to produce exactly what was envisaged or specified .
[in any case] , sponsors of commissioned works are committed to accepting the finished product , even if the composer fails to produce exactly what was envisaged or specified .

The photocopier has made reliance on a publisher less necessary than it was , but the future of the material coming from parish musicians will nevertheless be determined by the passage of time and the growing musical literacy of the public .
the photocopier has made reliance on a publisher less necessary than it was , but the future of the material coming from parish musicians will [in any case] be determined by the passage of time and the growing musical literacy of the public .

Nevertheless , this is one of its important functions .
[in any case] , this is one of its important functions .

But the Commission would nevertheless urge that greater place be given to silence in our services , so that all present can be still before God in silent reflection and prayer .
but the commission would [in any case] urge that greater place be given to silence in our services , so that all present can be still before god in silent reflection and prayer .

Nevertheless , the words of a hymn are generally the determining factor for its inclusion in a service .
[in any case] , the words of a hymn are generally the determining factor for its inclusion in a service .

It is usually impossible to meet the needs of every person at every service , but some congregational input into the choice of music is nevertheless valuable , for the people provide the best indication of what is appropriate and they have an important part in creating and maintaining the tradition of their church .
it is usually impossible to meet the needs of every person at every service , but some congregational input into the choice of music is [in any case] valuable , for the people provide the best indication of what is appropriate and they have an important part in creating and maintaining the tradition of their church .

It does nevertheless require some expertise and the melody line is often set too high for congregations .
it does [in any case] require some expertise and the melody line is often set too high for congregations .

Nevertheless , extemporisation by a competent player at the end of a hymn can be thrilling , as it can during a procession before or during the service .
[in any case] , extemporisation by a competent player at the end of a hymn can be thrilling , as it can during a procession before or during the service .

Nevertheless , distinguished musicians might be pleased to tackle the challenge of simplicity required by a church with few musical resources , and congregations are not often taken into account in commissioned music .
[in any case] , distinguished musicians might be pleased to tackle the challenge of simplicity required by a church with few musical resources , and congregations are not often taken into account in commissioned music .

Nevertheless , a fresh outlook and the readiness to explore and experiment will do much to put new life into the Church 's music .
[in any case] , a fresh outlook and the readiness to explore and experiment will do much to put new life into the church 's music .

Clergy who intone their parts in the service should nevertheless be open to receive tuition from the musical director , where this is needed .
clergy who intone their parts in the service should [in any case] be open to receive tuition from the musical director , where this is needed .

Nevertheless , they may be needed more widely yet .
[in any case] , they may be needed more widely yet .

Nevertheless , parishes should recognise their responsibility .
[in any case] , parishes should recognise their responsibility .

Both class relations and gender relations , while they exist within their own histories , can nevertheless be so closely interwoven that it is theoretically very difficult to draw them apart within specific historic conjunctures .
both class relations and gender relations , while they exist within their own histories , can [in any case] be so closely interwoven that it is theoretically very difficult to draw them apart within specific historic conjunctures .

Nevertheless , according to Article 7 , ‘ The Conference declares … the Viet-Namese people [ shall ] enjoy the fundamental freedoms … established as a result of free general elections by secret ballot .
[in any case] , according to article 7 , ‘ the conference declares … the viet-namese people [ shall ] enjoy the fundamental freedoms … established as a result of free general elections by secret ballot .

Nevertheless , the farmers had to sell at a controlled price and vast sums were retained by Britain , exporting cocoa for dollars .
[in any case] , the farmers had to sell at a controlled price and vast sums were retained by britain , exporting cocoa for dollars .

’ Nevertheless they recommended that a committee should be formed from Gold Coast leaders to chart a programme of reform .
’ [in any case] they recommended that a committee should be formed from gold coast leaders to chart a programme of reform .

Nevertheless , quantitative data do provide some guide to changes in the subject balance of first degree courses over recent years .
[in any case] , quantitative data do provide some guide to changes in the subject balance of first degree courses over recent years .

Nevertheless , the notion of educational stages helps one to place the undergraduate curriculum in a longer perspective , and to explain the phenomenon of specialization which typifies the undergraduate curriculum in this country .
[in any case] , the notion of educational stages helps one to place the undergraduate curriculum in a longer perspective , and to explain the phenomenon of specialization which typifies the undergraduate curriculum in this country .

Nevertheless , such figures demonstrate the bluntness of the arts/science distinction in terms of graduate employment .
[in any case] , such figures demonstrate the bluntness of the arts/science distinction in terms of graduate employment .

Nevertheless , any account of the undergraduate curriculum has to address such issues , not because the questions must be asked , but because they have already been answered — in the institutional , professional and curricular structures that exist — and these answers must be examined .
[in any case] , any account of the undergraduate curriculum has to address such issues , not because the questions must be asked , but because they have already been answered — in the institutional , professional and curricular structures that exist — and these answers must be examined .

Nevertheless , there are certain major figures who stand behind curriculum thinking at both levels .
[in any case] , there are certain major figures who stand behind curriculum thinking at both levels .

Probably few people would adhere strictly to Comte 's scheme nowadays if it was presented to them in its original form , but nevertheless it does still seem to underpin the structure of first degree courses in the main natural sciences ( physics , chemistry , biochemistry , biology ) and the typical faculty demarcation between the natural and the social sciences .
probably few people would adhere strictly to comte 's scheme nowadays if it was presented to them in its original form , but [in any case] it does still seem to underpin the structure of first degree courses in the main natural sciences ( physics , chemistry , biochemistry , biology ) and the typical faculty demarcation between the natural and the social sciences .

The paradox is that while mathematics appears to be based on axioms rather than empirical knowledge ( although some have argued that it is rooted ultimately in the ‘ one-twoness ’ of things ) , it has nevertheless turned out to be remarkably fruitful in enabling us to understand the physical and to a lesser extent social world ; it is as if we had invented a game which turned out to be real .
the paradox is that while mathematics appears to be based on axioms rather than empirical knowledge ( although some have argued that it is rooted ultimately in the ‘ one-twoness ’ of things ) , it has [in any case] turned out to be remarkably fruitful in enabling us to understand the physical and to a lesser extent social world ; it is as if we had invented a game which turned out to be real .

Nevertheless , Newman 's was an important interpretation , even if it influenced the rhetoric of higher education more than the reality ( Bell 1971 ; see also Slee 's 1986 , interpretation in relation to the growth of history as a discipline ) .
[in any case] , newman 's was an important interpretation , even if it influenced the rhetoric of higher education more than the reality ( bell 1971 ; see also slee 's 1986 , interpretation in relation to the growth of history as a discipline ) .

While Hirst 's analysis addresses the nature and structure of knowledge in general , and can be related to the undergraduate curriculum , it has nevertheless been debated mainly in terms of the schools .
while hirst 's analysis addresses the nature and structure of knowledge in general , and can be related to the undergraduate curriculum , it has [in any case] been debated mainly in terms of the schools .

Nevertheless , responsiveness or sensitivity in such instances is only a means to the end , which is to effect change of some kind .
[in any case] , responsiveness or sensitivity in such instances is only a means to the end , which is to effect change of some kind .

Nevertheless , the questions ( Have the boundaries of your subject altered much in the last decade ?
[in any case] , the questions ( have the boundaries of your subject altered much in the last decade ?

Questions about the ‘ core ’ and ‘ boundary ’ of a discipline imply a spatial or territorial metaphor ; but another way of getting at the nature of disciplines is to explore their internal structure . Again , this is a complex notion in itself , so it is hardly surprising that some respondents found it difficult to reply to the questions : Has the conceptual map of your subject changed much in the last decade ? Is it more or less unified than it was ? Nevertheless , again , the replies help one to identify some of the aspects of the structure and unity of a discipline :
questions about the ‘ core ’ and ‘ boundary ’ of a discipline imply a spatial or territorial metaphor ; but another way of getting at the nature of disciplines is to explore their internal structure . again , this is a complex notion in itself , so it is hardly surprising that some respondents found it difficult to reply to the questions : has the conceptual map of your subject changed much in the last decade ? is it more or less unified than it was ? [in any case] , again , the replies help one to identify some of the aspects of the structure and unity of a discipline :

’ The importance of age-group measures is declining as higher education admits more mature students and becomes less age-specific , but nevertheless the proportion of young people enrolling is some index of the possible social functions and perceptions of first degrees .
’ the importance of age-group measures is declining as higher education admits more mature students and becomes less age-specific , but [in any case] the proportion of young people enrolling is some index of the possible social functions and perceptions of first degrees .

1988 ) ; nevertheless , something must be said briefly about the factors which complicate the curriculum-employment nexus .
1988 ) ; [in any case] , something must be said briefly about the factors which complicate the curriculum-employment nexus .

Nevertheless , one finds that on the whole , ‘ professional ’ courses such as pharmacy , architecture and engineering ( and doubtless law if one classified its trainees as employed ) appear in the top half of Table 3.1 and the bottom half of Table 3.2 , and ‘ academic ’ courses , such as the natural sciences and the ‘ non-applied ’ arts and social sciences , appear in the bottom half of Table 3.1 and the top half of Table 3.2 .
[in any case] , one finds that on the whole , ‘ professional ’ courses such as pharmacy , architecture and engineering ( and doubtless law if one classified its trainees as employed ) appear in the top half of table 3.1 and the bottom half of table 3.2 , and ‘ academic ’ courses , such as the natural sciences and the ‘ non-applied ’ arts and social sciences , appear in the bottom half of table 3.1 and the top half of table 3.2 .

Nevertheless , the literature on the professions per se provides a useful entrée into this type of education , because it identifies some of the main themes which characterize not only those professions but preparation for them : the existence of a body of specialized knowledge and expertise ; the influence of professional norms and ethics ; the autonomy and responsibility of the professional ; the relationships with colleagues , clients and the state .
[in any case] , the literature on the professions per se provides a useful entrée into this type of education , because it identifies some of the main themes which characterize not only those professions but preparation for them : the existence of a body of specialized knowledge and expertise ; the influence of professional norms and ethics ; the autonomy and responsibility of the professional ; the relationships with colleagues , clients and the state .

Nevertheless , the apparent need for periodic spring-cleaning in the professions does pose some questions .
[in any case] , the apparent need for periodic spring-cleaning in the professions does pose some questions .

This kind of worry is expressed more often in relation to the newer modular or semi-modular structures than the more traditional general degree which may have well-established patterns and requirements , but it nevertheless seems to be a widespread one .
this kind of worry is expressed more often in relation to the newer modular or semi-modular structures than the more traditional general degree which may have well-established patterns and requirements , but it [in any case] seems to be a widespread one .

It is important to note that even though back variants of /a/ are strongly emblematic of vernacular speech , they are nevertheless spreading to higher-status groups in the wider community .
it is important to note that even though back variants of /a/ are strongly emblematic of vernacular speech , they are [in any case] spreading to higher-status groups in the wider community .

As instability of h is extremely common , it is remarkable that careful scholars could have been so much aware of this type of evidence , but could nevertheless have rejected it .
as instability of h is extremely common , it is remarkable that careful scholars could have been so much aware of this type of evidence , but could [in any case] have rejected it .

Nevertheless , we shall see in the next section that EModE evidence strongly suggests a vowel system that exhibits patterns of a similar type to those we have reviewed .
[in any case] , we shall see in the next section that emode evidence strongly suggests a vowel system that exhibits patterns of a similar type to those we have reviewed .

Nevertheless , the system worked remarkably well , in large part because it was designed to ensure that each of its members had the information he needed to do his job .
[in any case] , the system worked remarkably well , in large part because it was designed to ensure that each of its members had the information he needed to do his job .

Nevertheless , as will be seen in the following section , the approach developed by Digital Equipment Corporation in Scotland created work groups with most of the characteristics that Vaill identified .
[in any case] , as will be seen in the following section , the approach developed by digital equipment corporation in scotland created work groups with most of the characteristics that vaill identified .

Nevertheless the same basic strategy can be applied .
[in any case] the same basic strategy can be applied .

Nevertheless , there is a crucial difference between the cognitive approach and that of social representations .
[in any case] , there is a crucial difference between the cognitive approach and that of social representations .

The key point , nevertheless , is not a speculation about the future , but an understanding of the present .
the key point , [in any case] , is not a speculation about the future , but an understanding of the present .

Nevertheless , the universal aspirations of such a social psychology 's theory will permit the formulation of ‘ pure ’ , or universal , theoretical propositions , which can then be applied to historical manifestations of the topic in question .
[in any case] , the universal aspirations of such a social psychology 's theory will permit the formulation of ‘ pure ’ , or universal , theoretical propositions , which can then be applied to historical manifestations of the topic in question .

Although most of the activities of the Young Conservatives may be ostensibly apolitical , nevertheless a tacit deal has been struck , which is of great political value to the main Party .
although most of the activities of the young conservatives may be ostensibly apolitical , [in any case] a tacit deal has been struck , which is of great political value to the main party .

Having put themselves in an extraordinary environment , which nevertheless feels so homely and ordinary , the members occasionally come into contact with wider , more powerful and less homely influences .
having put themselves in an extraordinary environment , which [in any case] feels so homely and ordinary , the members occasionally come into contact with wider , more powerful and less homely influences .

Nevertheless , the country still needs further help ; roads need to be built and fields to be irrigated .
[in any case] , the country still needs further help ; roads need to be built and fields to be irrigated .

Within a social circle in which direct expression of crude prejudice is not discouraged , one can find , nevertheless , an argument which draws upon the prevailing images , or social norms , of prejudice .
within a social circle in which direct expression of crude prejudice is not discouraged , one can find , [in any case] , an argument which draws upon the prevailing images , or social norms , of prejudice .

Nevertheless , there are differences in the ways that the speakers express their views , particularly with respect to the justifications they offer .
[in any case] , there are differences in the ways that the speakers express their views , particularly with respect to the justifications they offer .

It follows that a society which had removed capitalism , but which nevertheless sought to retain the benefits of science and the flexibility of money , would still be faced with the problems of these intrinsic contradictions of modern life .
it follows that a society which had removed capitalism , but which [in any case] sought to retain the benefits of science and the flexibility of money , would still be faced with the problems of these intrinsic contradictions of modern life .

Nevertheless , it seems reasonable to assume that the specific nature of the object , and in particular its physical presence , will result in a tendency for it to act in certain distinctive ways , compared with other media of cultural expression .
[in any case] , it seems reasonable to assume that the specific nature of the object , and in particular its physical presence , will result in a tendency for it to act in certain distinctive ways , compared with other media of cultural expression .

In short , these anthropologists tend towards several of the dualisms which the concept of objectification has been used to oppose , while nevertheless providing important assertions and exemplifications of the process of consumption as culture .
in short , these anthropologists tend towards several of the dualisms which the concept of objectification has been used to oppose , while [in any case] providing important assertions and exemplifications of the process of consumption as culture .

Nevertheless imports of manufactured goods increased even faster .
[in any case] imports of manufactured goods increased even faster .

Nevertheless , an attempt has been made to identify the theoretical differences that are emerging .
[in any case] , an attempt has been made to identify the theoretical differences that are emerging .

Although it is sometimes realized that the demands of public sector accountability and decision making in a political context can serve to limit the extent to which concepts of efficiency derived from the private sector can be applied uncritically in the public sector domain , there nevertheless remains a feeling that much more could be done to improve resource utilisation .
although it is sometimes realized that the demands of public sector accountability and decision making in a political context can serve to limit the extent to which concepts of efficiency derived from the private sector can be applied uncritically in the public sector domain , there [in any case] remains a feeling that much more could be done to improve resource utilisation .

Bureaucracy and formalism are enemies of creativity and innovation , but nevertheless we do need formal procedures and routines to be able to utilize the creative potential existing in the organization .
bureaucracy and formalism are enemies of creativity and innovation , but [in any case] we do need formal procedures and routines to be able to utilize the creative potential existing in the organization .

Yet nevertheless , this well-regarded manager occasionally succumbs to the pressure , and subordinates bear the brunt :
yet [in any case] , this well-regarded manager occasionally succumbs to the pressure , and subordinates bear the brunt :

Nevertheless , it was independently undertaken , in a very matter-of-fact way , to assist a respected superior in coping .
[in any case] , it was independently undertaken , in a very matter-of-fact way , to assist a respected superior in coping .

As to formal written reports , in our sample firms we also saw efforts to reduce the number of them , and to facilitate their production — for instance , by substituting computer programs for manual information collection and transmittal . Nevertheless , despite such efforts , the management effort required to co-ordinate , collaborate and integrate innovation activities is great :
as to formal written reports , in our sample firms we also saw efforts to reduce the number of them , and to facilitate their production — for instance , by substituting computer programs for manual information collection and transmittal . [in any case] , despite such efforts , the management effort required to co-ordinate , collaborate and integrate innovation activities is great :

The so-called ‘ hydraulic civilizations ’ depicted by Wittfogel ( 1957 ) provide early examples of such ‘ successful ’ cultures , which nevertheless eventually failed .
the so-called ‘ hydraulic civilizations ’ depicted by wittfogel ( 1957 ) provide early examples of such ‘ successful ’ cultures , which [in any case] eventually failed .

Nevertheless , they counter that the physical environment should not be considered a constant , even over the relatively short period of agricultural settlement in Great Britain , in part because of climatic change and its consequences , in part because of changes wrought by land use practices , and in part because of changed perceptions of the environment ; see also Prince ( 1971 ) , and Blaikie and Brookfield ( 1987 ) .
[in any case] , they counter that the physical environment should not be considered a constant , even over the relatively short period of agricultural settlement in great britain , in part because of climatic change and its consequences , in part because of changes wrought by land use practices , and in part because of changed perceptions of the environment ; see also prince ( 1971 ) , and blaikie and brookfield ( 1987 ) .

Reducing the power of the unions was thus central to the goals of Thatcherism ( see also chapter 7 ) . Although it has been claimed that the Conservative Party under Margaret Thatcher had no carefully thought-through strategy to deal with the unions when it came into office , but rather proceeded pragmatically ( Roberts , 1989 ) , nevertheless ( Young , 1990 , p. 353 ) :
reducing the power of the unions was thus central to the goals of thatcherism ( see also chapter 7 ) . although it has been claimed that the conservative party under margaret thatcher had no carefully thought-through strategy to deal with the unions when it came into office , but rather proceeded pragmatically ( roberts , 1989 ) , [in any case] ( young , 1990 , p. 353 ) :

As a compromise , the Nottinghamshire Miners ' Association and the owners agreed to a modified piece-rate system for each coalface , but nevertheless many owners retained the butty system , and it was revived when the Dukeries field was opened .
as a compromise , the nottinghamshire miners ' association and the owners agreed to a modified piece-rate system for each coalface , but [in any case] many owners retained the butty system , and it was revived when the dukeries field was opened .

Nevertheless , some States either failed to enact the programmes or , more commonly , were less active than others ; the recalcitrant ones have largely been in the South .
[in any case] , some states either failed to enact the programmes or , more commonly , were less active than others ; the recalcitrant ones have largely been in the south .

Prohibitions are nevertheless crimes because , in Matza 's words , ‘ they elicit authorized state intervention , but they are different from other crimes in failing to self-evidently warrant intervention ’ ( Matza , 1964:161 ) .
prohibitions are [in any case] crimes because , in matza 's words , ‘ they elicit authorized state intervention , but they are different from other crimes in failing to self-evidently warrant intervention ’ ( matza , 1964:161 ) .

Fieldwork , nevertheless , involves the routine application of a wide range of technical and scientific knowledge .
fieldwork , [in any case] , involves the routine application of a wide range of technical and scientific knowledge .

This suggests that an event which the law might not recognize as pollution can in practice nevertheless be treated as such .
this suggests that an event which the law might not recognize as pollution can in practice [in any case] be treated as such .

Nevertheless , she got the job in the end .
[in any case] , she got the job in the end .

Although they display some of the characteristic properties of idioms , bound collocations are nevertheless , as far as we are concerned , lexically complex .
although they display some of the characteristic properties of idioms , bound collocations are [in any case] , as far as we are concerned , lexically complex .

Nevertheless , in spite of the logical equivalence between the sentences , they state different things , and angle and side retain their distinct semantic identity : This triangle has three equal acute angles ; ?
[in any case] , in spite of the logical equivalence between the sentences , they state different things , and angle and side retain their distinct semantic identity : this triangle has three equal acute angles ; ?

Nevertheless , in a different sense , it remains a fiction , for appearances — as such stories themselves sometimes remind us-can deceive .
[in any case] , in a different sense , it remains a fiction , for appearances — as such stories themselves sometimes remind us-can deceive .

Although the eighteenth-century house was essentially public with its absence of corridors and its interconnecting rooms , expressing what Henry Wotton had described in 1624 as ‘ the fond Ambition of displaying to a Stranger all our Furniture at one Sight ’ , it nevertheless made generous provision for those who wished to make their journeys privately , within the mind .
although the eighteenth-century house was essentially public with its absence of corridors and its interconnecting rooms , expressing what henry wotton had described in 1624 as ‘ the fond ambition of displaying to a stranger all our furniture at one sight ’ , it [in any case] made generous provision for those who wished to make their journeys privately , within the mind .

Nevertheless , her sparing detail is invariably more fully indicative of social change than that of her more prolix contemporaries .
[in any case] , her sparing detail is invariably more fully indicative of social change than that of her more prolix contemporaries .

It may be true , as Lord Chesterfield claimed , that ‘ whenever he goes … into high life , he grossly mistakes the modes ’ , or , as Walpole did , that his are ‘ pictures of high life as conceived by a book-seller ’ , but Sir Charles Grandison on his country estate nevertheless represents the middle-class idealization of the aristocracy .
it may be true , as lord chesterfield claimed , that ‘ whenever he goes … into high life , he grossly mistakes the modes ’ , or , as walpole did , that his are ‘ pictures of high life as conceived by a book-seller ’ , but sir charles grandison on his country estate [in any case] represents the middle-class idealization of the aristocracy .

Nevertheless , even for Fielding , Mr Allworthy in his Gothic mansion is an ideal as his name implies , a man whose estate epitomizes the whole world .
[in any case] , even for fielding , mr allworthy in his gothic mansion is an ideal as his name implies , a man whose estate epitomizes the whole world .

Nevertheless , the presence — and even the personality — of servants is a conspicuous aspect of Richardson 's fictional world , where in Jane Austen 's they are chiefly remarkable by their absence .
[in any case] , the presence — and even the personality — of servants is a conspicuous aspect of richardson 's fictional world , where in jane austen 's they are chiefly remarkable by their absence .

Nevertheless , in a final analysis , her older houses have an edge over the new , or relatively new .
[in any case] , in a final analysis , her older houses have an edge over the new , or relatively new .

His Encyclopaedia , though devoted to the cottage , farm , and villa , is nevertheless intended to contain ‘ all that is essentially requisite for health , comfort and convenience , to even the most luxurious of mankind ’ .
his encyclopaedia , though devoted to the cottage , farm , and villa , is [in any case] intended to contain ‘ all that is essentially requisite for health , comfort and convenience , to even the most luxurious of mankind ’ .

Nevertheless , when one examines the actual design of a Regency Gothic house , like Pocock 's ‘ Mansion in the Castle Style ’ ( Fig .
[in any case] , when one examines the actual design of a regency gothic house , like pocock 's ‘ mansion in the castle style ’ ( fig .

It is evident , nevertheless , that Disraeli 's comments on architecture in the trilogy , as distinct from The Young Duke , become evaluations of the society that produced such buildings ; and his comments on that society become , in their turn , a manifesto for his own time .
it is evident , [in any case] , that disraeli 's comments on architecture in the trilogy , as distinct from the young duke , become evaluations of the society that produced such buildings ; and his comments on that society become , in their turn , a manifesto for his own time .

Nevertheless , they were ones he helped to foster .
[in any case] , they were ones he helped to foster .

Nevertheless , given the one-roomed hovels many lived in at that period , there may indeed have been a real improvement .
[in any case] , given the one-roomed hovels many lived in at that period , there may indeed have been a real improvement .

Mrs Gaskell , who knew much better than Jane Austen how the poor really lived , and saw that her readers knew it too by taking them inside ( at least in towns ) , nevertheless allows her heroine , Margaret , to take pleasure in sketching the exterior of a squatter cottage which is due for demolition in the New Forest .
mrs gaskell , who knew much better than jane austen how the poor really lived , and saw that her readers knew it too by taking them inside ( at least in towns ) , [in any case] allows her heroine , margaret , to take pleasure in sketching the exterior of a squatter cottage which is due for demolition in the new forest .

Nevertheless , even beyond the 1840s , when the novel had begun to venture into the houses of the poor , rural interiors are almost invariably pleasant ; it is those in towns that more often reveal indigence and misery .
[in any case] , even beyond the 1840s , when the novel had begun to venture into the houses of the poor , rural interiors are almost invariably pleasant ; it is those in towns that more often reveal indigence and misery .

Nevertheless , in fact as well as in fiction , even those almost totally indigent retained their pride .
[in any case] , in fact as well as in fiction , even those almost totally indigent retained their pride .

Nevertheless , in 1883 Andrew Mearns 's Bitter Cry of Outcast London described conditions all too similar to those that outraged Engels in the 1840s and Godwin in the 1850s .
[in any case] , in 1883 andrew mearns 's bitter cry of outcast london described conditions all too similar to those that outraged engels in the 1840s and godwin in the 1850s .

Nevertheless it is worth considering whether some implicit model of accountability underlies all forms of evaluation whatever their stated purposes ( an issue that was raised at the very beginning of Chapter 1 ) .
[in any case] it is worth considering whether some implicit model of accountability underlies all forms of evaluation whatever their stated purposes ( an issue that was raised at the very beginning of chapter 1 ) .

Nevertheless , in practice , innovation must be seen as a function of the quality of the school .
[in any case] , in practice , innovation must be seen as a function of the quality of the school .

Nevertheless this speech , and the Yellow Book which formed its brief , helped to initiate the discussion on the common core curriculum .
[in any case] this speech , and the yellow book which formed its brief , helped to initiate the discussion on the common core curriculum .

Nevertheless the project team was forced to admit that : ‘ Data about teachers and schools which have carried out school-level evaluations are fairly limited , particularly with respect to follow-up activities ’ .
[in any case] the project team was forced to admit that : ‘ data about teachers and schools which have carried out school-level evaluations are fairly limited , particularly with respect to follow-up activities ’ .

Nevertheless the exercise resulted in an evaluation report , which , like the report of Stage 1 , contributed to the thinking of Stage 3 .
[in any case] the exercise resulted in an evaluation report , which , like the report of stage 1 , contributed to the thinking of stage 3 .

Clearly some of this work was beyond the scope of the youngest children , nevertheless the reception class joined in wherever possible and their teacher attended all staff meetings and discussions .
clearly some of this work was beyond the scope of the youngest children , [in any case] the reception class joined in wherever possible and their teacher attended all staff meetings and discussions .

Nevertheless , from the middle of the eighteenth century , the process of enclosure of the Midland open fields developed apace and in a relatively short time produced the landscape that Professor Hoskins describes so w–ell .
[in any case] , from the middle of the eighteenth century , the process of enclosure of the midland open fields developed apace and in a relatively short time produced the landscape that professor hoskins describes so w–ell .

Nevertheless , a new element had been introduced into the landscape in this part of England — the isolated farmstead .
[in any case] , a new element had been introduced into the landscape in this part of england — the isolated farmstead .

Nevertheless much of it is still an important road between the two towns .
[in any case] much of it is still an important road between the two towns .

Nevertheless , she argues the case for continuing to set the micro-political perspective in the context of a macro-political explanation of social relations .
[in any case] , she argues the case for continuing to set the micro-political perspective in the context of a macro-political explanation of social relations .

Nevertheless , these are the key principles held by those who see themselves more as multiculturalists , and continue explicitly to take a critical distance from antiracism ( cf .
[in any case] , these are the key principles held by those who see themselves more as multiculturalists , and continue explicitly to take a critical distance from antiracism ( cf .

Hatcher and Shall ice , 1983 ) have drawn upon Phizacklea and Miles 's North London research which , although in the final analysis conceives of racism as a form of false consciousness , nevertheless gives a more active , reasoning or reflexive role to the working class racist subject .
hatcher and shall ice , 1983 ) have drawn upon phizacklea and miles 's north london research which , although in the final analysis conceives of racism as a form of false consciousness , [in any case] gives a more active , reasoning or reflexive role to the working class racist subject .

Phizacklea and Miles show some sensitivity to the contradictory nature of working-class consciousness and emphasize that in a number of workers high levels of class consciousness nevertheless coexisted with considerable hostility towards local blacks .
phizacklea and miles show some sensitivity to the contradictory nature of working-class consciousness and emphasize that in a number of workers high levels of class consciousness [in any case] coexisted with considerable hostility towards local blacks .

Nevertheless , the forms of racism revealed here are seen as a form of false consciousness hosed on the
[in any case] , the forms of racism revealed here are seen as a form of false consciousness hosed on the

Nevertheless there are difficulties here which must be confronted if both multicultural and antiracist attempts at the development of alternative curricula and popular cultural forms are to avoid oversimplification and naïvety .
[in any case] there are difficulties here which must be confronted if both multicultural and antiracist attempts at the development of alternative curricula and popular cultural forms are to avoid oversimplification and naïvety .

Nevertheless , it is unlikely that the contradictions and ambivalences of stereotypes in general , and racist discourses in particular , can be fully understood without addressing the operations of the unconscious and the dynamics of psychic reality .
[in any case] , it is unlikely that the contradictions and ambivalences of stereotypes in general , and racist discourses in particular , can be fully understood without addressing the operations of the unconscious and the dynamics of psychic reality .

Nevertheless they are constrained from deploying the usual wind-up techniques by their overriding concern to justify their actions and attitudes to someone who disapproved of them but whom they perceived to be in a position to influence their situation for better or worse .
[in any case] they are constrained from deploying the usual wind-up techniques by their overriding concern to justify their actions and attitudes to someone who disapproved of them but whom they perceived to be in a position to influence their situation for better or worse .

Nevertheless , a second movement which erupted at the end of the 1880s was wholly unexpected .
[in any case] , a second movement which erupted at the end of the 1880s was wholly unexpected .

The new union began nevertheless with some advantages .
the new union began [in any case] with some advantages .

It was nevertheless accepted for a number of years by the Trades Union Congress , which admitted it as an affiliated organisation until 1881 , when it was declared ineligible .
it was [in any case] accepted for a number of years by the trades union congress , which admitted it as an affiliated organisation until 1881 , when it was declared ineligible .

Wilson nevertheless persisted , asserting his belief that mutual aggression was not the answer . ``
wilson [in any case] persisted , asserting his belief that mutual aggression was not the answer . ``

Nevertheless in London the abortive strike was accompanied by great bitterness , much of it directed at Wilson who had been bold enough to speak the unpalatable truth in difficult circumstances .
[in any case] in london the abortive strike was accompanied by great bitterness , much of it directed at wilson who had been bold enough to speak the unpalatable truth in difficult circumstances .

Owners , although required to pay 50 percent of surplus profits towards the cost of the war , retained nevertheless a 575 per cent increase on 1913 profits on average . ``
owners , although required to pay 50 percent of surplus profits towards the cost of the war , retained [in any case] a 575 per cent increase on 1913 profits on average . ``

Nevertheless , in certain occupations there was still a tendency for women to be over-represented amongst those working on a temporary basis .
[in any case] , in certain occupations there was still a tendency for women to be over-represented amongst those working on a temporary basis .

Nevertheless , it is the reason offered by only just over one third of all temporary workers .
[in any case] , it is the reason offered by only just over one third of all temporary workers .

Nevertheless , a very short-term job — lasting less than a week — can be to his financial advantage .
[in any case] , a very short-term job — lasting less than a week — can be to his financial advantage .

Nevertheless , as was also suggested with respect to South Eastern secretarial/office staff , there is the opportunity for computer staff to make a ( semi- ) permanent career out of `` temping `` , and with the latter group this is made more explicit by the creation of the ( semi ) permanent entity of the company .
[in any case] , as was also suggested with respect to south eastern secretarial/office staff , there is the opportunity for computer staff to make a ( semi- ) permanent career out of `` temping `` , and with the latter group this is made more explicit by the creation of the ( semi ) permanent entity of the company .

Nevertheless , they require their casual workers to furnish them with appropriate identification and evidence of their tax status .
[in any case] , they require their casual workers to furnish them with appropriate identification and evidence of their tax status .

Again , refusals of work which would be insufficient to prejudice the relationship between the casual worker and the organization would nevertheless seem to imply a break in employment .
again , refusals of work which would be insufficient to prejudice the relationship between the casual worker and the organization would [in any case] seem to imply a break in employment .

Nevertheless , in terms of the numbers of temporary workers involved , the industries we consider are amongst the most important ones .
[in any case] , in terms of the numbers of temporary workers involved , the industries we consider are amongst the most important ones .

Nevertheless , the sort of jobs offered are really suitable only for those who can accept moving across the country and living in single person staff quarters for a prolonged period .
[in any case] , the sort of jobs offered are really suitable only for those who can accept moving across the country and living in single person staff quarters for a prolonged period .

Nevertheless , it is by no means certain that the `` new `` temporary workers are very different from more traditional temporary workers in manufacturing in this respect .
[in any case] , it is by no means certain that the `` new `` temporary workers are very different from more traditional temporary workers in manufacturing in this respect .

Nevertheless , such national-local contradictions could not be sustained for long .
[in any case] , such national-local contradictions could not be sustained for long .

You have to accept the lecturers you find in the college you attend — hardly an original thought but nevertheless an illuminating and sobering one .
you have to accept the lecturers you find in the college you attend — hardly an original thought but [in any case] an illuminating and sobering one .

One of the most beautiful things done by the painters of this country has been the painting of black which nevertheless has light in it , `` Vincent had written from Holland .
one of the most beautiful things done by the painters of this country has been the painting of black which [in any case] has light in it , `` vincent had written from holland .

As her muscles slowly nevertheless relaxed the child began its dolphin-like arching and wheeling .
as her muscles slowly [in any case] relaxed the child began its dolphin-like arching and wheeling .

Nevertheless it had , from the first glass of sherry to the momentary blue veil of flame on the pudding , been what she would have called civilised .
[in any case] it had , from the first glass of sherry to the momentary blue veil of flame on the pudding , been what she would have called civilised .

Nevertheless the two parties collided in the dark antechambers of the Palace .
[in any case] the two parties collided in the dark antechambers of the palace .

Nevertheless a few qualitative conclusions may be drawn without doing any further mathematics .
[in any case] a few qualitative conclusions may be drawn without doing any further mathematics .

Nevertheless , as Ambassador Stevenson had put it in his telegram on 27 April , " these anti-partisan units are without exception completely compromised by open collaboration with the Germans " .
[in any case] , as ambassador stevenson had put it in his telegram on 27 april , " these anti-partisan units are without exception completely compromised by open collaboration with the germans " .

Although Kirk does not record that he raised any specific objection to this , or that he asked for confirmation that the Cossacks were all Soviet nationals within the terms of allied policy , he nevertheless includes the exchanges about the Cossacks among the points on which he requests the State Department 's views .
although kirk does not record that he raised any specific objection to this , or that he asked for confirmation that the cossacks were all soviet nationals within the terms of allied policy , he [in any case] includes the exchanges about the cossacks among the points on which he requests the state department 's views .

Nevertheless , some groups of animals seem to be much more variable than others .
[in any case] , some groups of animals seem to be much more variable than others .

Nevertheless , he had met no one , could see no one on the whole spread of Foinmen 's Plain .
[in any case] , he had met no one , could see no one on the whole spread of foinmen 's plain .

Nevertheless , four out of five of them were not using any form of birth control .
[in any case] , four out of five of them were not using any form of birth control .

As mentioned above , although the exiled inhabitants of Siberia never amounted to a large proportion of the total population , nevertheless they did make a significant quantitative and qualitative contribution during the seventeenth century to the region 's manpower resources — accounting for around 11 per cent of the total , and engaged in a variety of administrative , military , clerical and agricultural occupations essential to the proper management of the newly-conquered territories .
as mentioned above , although the exiled inhabitants of siberia never amounted to a large proportion of the total population , [in any case] they did make a significant quantitative and qualitative contribution during the seventeenth century to the region 's manpower resources — accounting for around 11 per cent of the total , and engaged in a variety of administrative , military , clerical and agricultural occupations essential to the proper management of the newly-conquered territories .

Nevertheless , even if their cosmology , like that of all religions , was expressed in fantastic terms , the Siberian natives , like the ‘ primitive ’ peoples of any land , had a rational enough view of the world which surrounded them , in addition to a wealth of practical knowledge about the forest and its fauna , and about crafts and hunting techniques .
[in any case] , even if their cosmology , like that of all religions , was expressed in fantastic terms , the siberian natives , like the ‘ primitive ’ peoples of any land , had a rational enough view of the world which surrounded them , in addition to a wealth of practical knowledge about the forest and its fauna , and about crafts and hunting techniques .

Nevertheless , they were forced into submission , in the first place by a demonstration of the killing power of firearms .
[in any case] , they were forced into submission , in the first place by a demonstration of the killing power of firearms .

Cypripack is nevertheless used in the treatment of domestic sewage and on large fishfarms .
cypripack is [in any case] used in the treatment of domestic sewage and on large fishfarms .

He spoke of the state as mother , of the history of those who clung to the state as mother , of the psychology of those who wished to orphan themselves from the mother , of the novel oddity of a woman prime minister who was in fact a mother but was not nevertheless thereby motherly .
he spoke of the state as mother , of the history of those who clung to the state as mother , of the psychology of those who wished to orphan themselves from the mother , of the novel oddity of a woman prime minister who was in fact a mother but was not [in any case] thereby motherly .

The energy generated from running upstairs and laughing with Stella in distant Florence flowed over into the impulse to ring , in turn , her own mother : a pointless act , but one that nevertheless in the context seemed pious , necessary , propitiatory , and a gesture at least towards her sister , who bore so much heavier a filial burden , who would ( in theory at least ) be pleased to know that Liz had remembered .
the energy generated from running upstairs and laughing with stella in distant florence flowed over into the impulse to ring , in turn , her own mother : a pointless act , but one that [in any case] in the context seemed pious , necessary , propitiatory , and a gesture at least towards her sister , who bore so much heavier a filial burden , who would ( in theory at least ) be pleased to know that liz had remembered .

Liz had never admired , and had at times expressed somewhat freely ( and in her own view wittily ) her lack of response to Henrietta 's frigid style and vapid conversation , but nevertheless felt herself , in Henrietta 's presence , rendered almost as dull as Henrietta , and moreover uneasily aware that in other houses , in other milieux , at a distance , in other circles , she had seen Henrietta sparkling , laughing , surrounded by life — vacuous life , feverish small talk , no doubt , but life — a life that froze in Liz as she contemplated her guest 's stiff blue taffeta gown ( this was surely a gown , not a dress , and , not even English , probably French ) , her exposed white bosom , her diamond necklace ( well , probably diamonds , why not ? )
liz had never admired , and had at times expressed somewhat freely ( and in her own view wittily ) her lack of response to henrietta 's frigid style and vapid conversation , but [in any case] felt herself , in henrietta 's presence , rendered almost as dull as henrietta , and moreover uneasily aware that in other houses , in other milieux , at a distance , in other circles , she had seen henrietta sparkling , laughing , surrounded by life — vacuous life , feverish small talk , no doubt , but life — a life that froze in liz as she contemplated her guest 's stiff blue taffeta gown ( this was surely a gown , not a dress , and , not even english , probably french ) , her exposed white bosom , her diamond necklace ( well , probably diamonds , why not ? )

But was nevertheless outraged , outraged , that the suggestion should have come from Charles .
but was [in any case] outraged , outraged , that the suggestion should have come from charles .

But they were , nevertheless , pleased to rediscover one another , and sat up late on their first evening in Esther 's room , which had already begun to put out hints of its later decorative eccentricities .
but they were , [in any case] , pleased to rediscover one another , and sat up late on their first evening in esther 's room , which had already begun to put out hints of its later decorative eccentricities .

But she also had alliances with people nearer her own age , notably with a wild young postgraduate architect , a hard-drinking , reckless , one-off character called Colin Lindsey , who was already provided with a wife and a baby , but who would nevertheless take his turn to sit on Esther 's beaded rug .
but she also had alliances with people nearer her own age , notably with a wild young postgraduate architect , a hard-drinking , reckless , one-off character called colin lindsey , who was already provided with a wife and a baby , but who would [in any case] take his turn to sit on esther 's beaded rug .

Nevertheless , we have been told by counsel that the matter is far from academic , in that justices ' courts are concerned , this being a matter which has exercised justices ' courts on many occasions and on which there are different practices in different justices ' courts .
[in any case] , we have been told by counsel that the matter is far from academic , in that justices ' courts are concerned , this being a matter which has exercised justices ' courts on many occasions and on which there are different practices in different justices ' courts .

Nevertheless , there are deals to be done , and you can be sure that our supermarkets and high street retailers are doing them .
[in any case] , there are deals to be done , and you can be sure that our supermarkets and high street retailers are doing them .

The following examples , though they lack the reliability demanded by today 's standards of reporting , nevertheless provide some indication of the importance of socialization .
the following examples , though they lack the reliability demanded by today 's standards of reporting , [in any case] provide some indication of the importance of socialization .

Nevertheless , both Weber and the interactionists did think it was possible to produce causal explanations of human behaviour so long as an understanding of meanings formed part of those explanations .
[in any case] , both weber and the interactionists did think it was possible to produce causal explanations of human behaviour so long as an understanding of meanings formed part of those explanations .

Nevertheless , Scott clearly believes that the upper classes have a disproportionate amount of power given the tiny percentage of the population that they make up .
[in any case] , scott clearly believes that the upper classes have a disproportionate amount of power given the tiny percentage of the population that they make up .

Nevertheless , it is the growth of white-collar employment which has accounted for most of the expansion of the upper middle class .
[in any case] , it is the growth of white-collar employment which has accounted for most of the expansion of the upper middle class .

Nevertheless , he does not believe that clerical workers have an identical status to the working class .
[in any case] , he does not believe that clerical workers have an identical status to the working class .

Brewster was troubled , nevertheless , by another side of Newton : an alchemical passion that had left behind a hoard of manuscripts , consisting largely of transcripts from alchemical works .
brewster was troubled , [in any case] , by another side of newton : an alchemical passion that had left behind a hoard of manuscripts , consisting largely of transcripts from alchemical works .

Nevertheless on 20 December 1988 the petitioner instituted these present proceedings against the respondents claiming damages and alleging breach of fiduciary duty in selling to the petitioner at an undervalue the shares in Clearwater .
[in any case] on 20 december 1988 the petitioner instituted these present proceedings against the respondents claiming damages and alleging breach of fiduciary duty in selling to the petitioner at an undervalue the shares in clearwater .

Something bothers him , but nevertheless
something bothers him , but [in any case]

perhaps its sequel , but nevertheless
perhaps its sequel , but [in any case]

Nevertheless , although generalizations arrived at by legitimate inductions can not be guaranteed to be perfectly true , they are probably true .
[in any case] , although generalizations arrived at by legitimate inductions can not be guaranteed to be perfectly true , they are probably true .

Nevertheless , these arguments do not constitute a definitive refutation of inductivism , especially as it turns out that many rival theories of science face a similar , related difficulty .
[in any case] , these arguments do not constitute a definitive refutation of inductivism , especially as it turns out that many rival theories of science face a similar , related difficulty .

The occasional wild and rash speculation that does lead to a novel , unlikely prediction , which is nevertheless confirmed by observation or experiment , will thereby become established as a highlight in the history of the growth of science .
the occasional wild and rash speculation that does lead to a novel , unlikely prediction , which is [in any case] confirmed by observation or experiment , will thereby become established as a highlight in the history of the growth of science .

Nevertheless , those theories were not rejected , and it is fortunate for science that they were not .
[in any case] , those theories were not rejected , and it is fortunate for science that they were not .

Nevertheless , a number of mathematically capable natural philosophers were to be attracted to the Copernican system , and their efforts to defend it became increasingly successful over the next hundred years or so .
[in any case] , a number of mathematically capable natural philosophers were to be attracted to the copernican system , and their efforts to defend it became increasingly successful over the next hundred years or so .

Nevertheless , it is possible to describe some of the typical components that go to make up a paradigm .
[in any case] , it is possible to describe some of the typical components that go to make up a paradigm .

Nevertheless , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .
[in any case] , failures will be encountered and such failures can eventually attain a degree of seriousness that constitutes a serious crisis for the paradigm and may lead to the rejection of a paradigm and its replacement by an incompatible alternative .

The discussion of this chapter so far might perhaps be summed up by noting that Lakatos aimed to give a rationalist account of science but failed , whilst Kuhn denied that he aimed to give a relativist account of science but gave one nevertheless .
the discussion of this chapter so far might perhaps be summed up by noting that lakatos aimed to give a rationalist account of science but failed , whilst kuhn denied that he aimed to give a relativist account of science but gave one [in any case] .

The inconsistency is striking : unwilling to see Athens put down Thasos , a rebel subject , Sparta nevertheless calls on the Athenians to join her in putting down her own rebel subjects .
the inconsistency is striking : unwilling to see athens put down thasos , a rebel subject , sparta [in any case] calls on the athenians to join her in putting down her own rebel subjects .

iv.2.4 : this man is a fifth-century soldier , not the famous fourth-century politician ) is explicitly told to use his fleet round the Peloponnese ‘ as he thought fit ’ ; he took Pylos with it ( p. 132 ) , an act which Thucydides implies was more extempore than it really was , but which was nevertheless not something specifically authorized by the Assembly .
iv.2.4 : this man is a fifth-century soldier , not the famous fourth-century politician ) is explicitly told to use his fleet round the peloponnese ‘ as he thought fit ’ ; he took pylos with it ( p. 132 ) , an act which thucydides implies was more extempore than it really was , but which was [in any case] not something specifically authorized by the assembly .

Nevertheless , in response to the persistent problems of unemployment in rural areas , the government has increasingly become involved in attempting to stimulate industry in these areas .
[in any case] , in response to the persistent problems of unemployment in rural areas , the government has increasingly become involved in attempting to stimulate industry in these areas .

Although it is important to note these differences , it is nevertheless possible to agree with Lowenthal and Comitas ( 1962 ) that out-migration is still the prime factor in rural depopulation .
although it is important to note these differences , it is [in any case] possible to agree with lowenthal and comitas ( 1962 ) that out-migration is still the prime factor in rural depopulation .

Nevertheless , it is the economic change in rural areas , and especially the decline in agricultural employment , that are often stressed as root causes of depopulation ( Drudy and Wallace 1971 ) .
[in any case] , it is the economic change in rural areas , and especially the decline in agricultural employment , that are often stressed as root causes of depopulation ( drudy and wallace 1971 ) .

Nevertheless , in spite of these difficulties it is possible to identify a number of central themes concerning rural social change .
[in any case] , in spite of these difficulties it is possible to identify a number of central themes concerning rural social change .

Nevertheless the 1976 English House Condition Survey found that over 5 per cent of the rural housing stock was still unfit , and by 1981 this had risen to 6.7 per cent ( Department of the Environment 1978 , 1982 ) .
[in any case] the 1976 english house condition survey found that over 5 per cent of the rural housing stock was still unfit , and by 1981 this had risen to 6.7 per cent ( department of the environment 1978 , 1982 ) .

Nevertheless , the main provision of the Act did improve the legal protection of tied cottagers , since previously protection had varied for different categories of tenants .
[in any case] , the main provision of the act did improve the legal protection of tied cottagers , since previously protection had varied for different categories of tenants .

Nevertheless , a few moderately successful rural schemes have appeared .
[in any case] , a few moderately successful rural schemes have appeared .

Nevertheless , it is apparently particularly difficult to convince councillors of the justification and effectiveness of these services , which could be life-lines to a minority of rural inhabitants .
[in any case] , it is apparently particularly difficult to convince councillors of the justification and effectiveness of these services , which could be life-lines to a minority of rural inhabitants .

Nevertheless , perhaps the most startling statistic contained in it was that some one-third of the rail route mileage carried only about 1 per cent of the freight and passenger traffic , while one-half of the route mileage accounted for only 4 to 5 per cent of total traffic .
[in any case] , perhaps the most startling statistic contained in it was that some one-third of the rail route mileage carried only about 1 per cent of the freight and passenger traffic , while one-half of the route mileage accounted for only 4 to 5 per cent of total traffic .

Nevertheless , in absolute terms , large numbers of applications are being approved even in protected rural areas The difference between the Devon national parks is also interesting .
[in any case] , in absolute terms , large numbers of applications are being approved even in protected rural areas the difference between the devon national parks is also interesting .

These mostly involved piecemeal or rounding-off development in existing settlements or small groups of houses , but it nevertheless indicates a surprising flexibility in the application of policy even in those areas where one would expect the policy to be strongly applied .
these mostly involved piecemeal or rounding-off development in existing settlements or small groups of houses , but it [in any case] indicates a surprising flexibility in the application of policy even in those areas where one would expect the policy to be strongly applied .

Nevertheless , since it states the right to freedom of expression and the qualifications to that right in precise terms , it will be convenient to consider the question by reference to article 10 alone .
[in any case] , since it states the right to freedom of expression and the qualifications to that right in precise terms , it will be convenient to consider the question by reference to article 10 alone .

Nevertheless it may be resorted to in order to help resolve some uncertainty or ambiguity in municipal law : per Lord Ackner in Reg .
[in any case] it may be resorted to in order to help resolve some uncertainty or ambiguity in municipal law : per lord ackner in reg .

Nevertheless , he thought it necessary , and we agree , in the context of this case , to attempt to satisfy us that the United Kingdom is not in any event in breach of the Convention .
[in any case] , he thought it necessary , and we agree , in the context of this case , to attempt to satisfy us that the united kingdom is not in any event in breach of the convention .

Whilst the press must not overstep the bounds set , inter alia , for the ‘ protection of the reputation of others ’ , it is nevertheless incumbent on it to impart information and ideas on political issues just as on those in other areas of public interest .
whilst the press must not overstep the bounds set , inter alia , for the ‘ protection of the reputation of others ’ , it is [in any case] incumbent on it to impart information and ideas on political issues just as on those in other areas of public interest .

It concerns the inherent power which any court of justice must possess to prevent misuse of its procedure in a way which , although not inconsistent with the literal application of its procedural rules , would nevertheless be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it , or would otherwise bring the administration of justice into disrepute among right-thinking people .
it concerns the inherent power which any court of justice must possess to prevent misuse of its procedure in a way which , although not inconsistent with the literal application of its procedural rules , would [in any case] be manifestly unfair to a party to litigation before it , or would otherwise bring the administration of justice into disrepute among right-thinking people .

For the top row , no stimulus was applied , but nevertheless the cells give a slow and irregular sequence of these impulses .
for the top row , no stimulus was applied , but [in any case] the cells give a slow and irregular sequence of these impulses .

Nevertheless even here an unremitting etiquette prevails .
[in any case] even here an unremitting etiquette prevails .

Nevertheless , these associations are articulated into a new pattern , and it is the vocal which plays an essential part in that process , in making the song a rock song .
[in any case] , these associations are articulated into a new pattern , and it is the vocal which plays an essential part in that process , in making the song a rock song .

The picture is of a freely developing microcosm whose internal dynamics nevertheless parallel those of the social macrocosm .
the picture is of a freely developing microcosm whose internal dynamics [in any case] parallel those of the social macrocosm .

Admittedly this repertory is not in exactly the same category as the hit song material ; nevertheless it is stylistically and functionally continuous with it .
admittedly this repertory is not in exactly the same category as the hit song material ; [in any case] it is stylistically and functionally continuous with it .

While Marx presents them as constituents of a unified , continuous process , each nevertheless has its specificity .
while marx presents them as constituents of a unified , continuous process , each [in any case] has its specificity .

But if the situation must be represented as a multi-faceted negotiation rather than the simple , voluntary intervention which Benjamin sometimes seems to describe , he did nevertheless offer a way of analysis which speaks the language of the new pattern of determinants characteristic of late capitalist societies .
but if the situation must be represented as a multi-faceted negotiation rather than the simple , voluntary intervention which benjamin sometimes seems to describe , he did [in any case] offer a way of analysis which speaks the language of the new pattern of determinants characteristic of late capitalist societies .

Chris Cutler 's theoretical alignment with the Benjamin tradition , like Wicke 's , is implicit rather than explicit.4 Nevertheless , he clearly echoes Benjamin and Enzensberger in his stress on the democratic potential of electronic media , and on the leading role played by technological developments in general within the changing practice of cultural production .
chris cutler 's theoretical alignment with the benjamin tradition , like wicke 's , is implicit rather than explicit.4 [in any case] , he clearly echoes benjamin and enzensberger in his stress on the democratic potential of electronic media , and on the leading role played by technological developments in general within the changing practice of cultural production .

Nevertheless , elements of this ideology , as well as more general aspects of McLuhan 's cultural-historical argument , have penetrated some writing on popular music , sometimes in a fairly unreflective way , sometimes as part of carefully constructed theories .
[in any case] , elements of this ideology , as well as more general aspects of mcluhan 's cultural-historical argument , have penetrated some writing on popular music , sometimes in a fairly unreflective way , sometimes as part of carefully constructed theories .

It is curious to note that her name remains nevertheless associated with the ‘ bright young things ’ of the ‘ decadent ’ sixties and early seventies .
it is curious to note that her name remains [in any case] associated with the ‘ bright young things ’ of the ‘ decadent ’ sixties and early seventies .

’ , an open question which nevertheless demands close attention .
’ , an open question which [in any case] demands close attention .

In this respect his art and that of the New Sculptors differed little from the earlier romantic neo-classicism of a sculptor like , whose work would nevertheless have been decried by the same practitioners as cold and outmoded .
in this respect his art and that of the new sculptors differed little from the earlier romantic neo-classicism of a sculptor like , whose work would [in any case] have been decried by the same practitioners as cold and outmoded .

Nevertheless they made plain the painful contrast between the limited ‘ privileged ’ areas — the deep black soils of the Guadalquivir or the market gardens and orange groves of Valencia — and the parched , thin limestone and granite soils of the central tableland .
[in any case] they made plain the painful contrast between the limited ‘ privileged ’ areas — the deep black soils of the guadalquivir or the market gardens and orange groves of valencia — and the parched , thin limestone and granite soils of the central tableland .

The general quality of life nevertheless was poor , especially in the less-favoured inland regions .
the general quality of life [in any case] was poor , especially in the less-favoured inland regions .

Nevertheless , as was inevitable with a rising population , favoured as in Ireland by ease of settlement in a society of early marriage , conditions deteriorated in century .
[in any case] , as was inevitable with a rising population , favoured as in ireland by ease of settlement in a society of early marriage , conditions deteriorated in century .

Nevertheless in most regions sheep and wheat complemented each other : commons were auctioned to sheep-owners by municipalities , and fallows by peasants , from the harvest until September .
[in any case] in most regions sheep and wheat complemented each other : commons were auctioned to sheep-owners by municipalities , and fallows by peasants , from the harvest until september .

Nevertheless it was the great estates of absentee landowners that gave Andalusia its reputation .
[in any case] it was the great estates of absentee landowners that gave andalusia its reputation .

Nevertheless critics of liberal legislation that ‘ destroyed ’ the common lands failed to remember that , although the commons may have contributed to ‘ the independence and dignity so striking in the demeanour of the Spanish peasant ’ , the price of these social benefits was a level of agricultural production that precluded progress .
[in any case] critics of liberal legislation that ‘ destroyed ’ the common lands failed to remember that , although the commons may have contributed to ‘ the independence and dignity so striking in the demeanour of the spanish peasant ’ , the price of these social benefits was a level of agricultural production that precluded progress .

Nevertheless , the most serious limitation on the development of the core of Spain was the shape of the Peninsula itself .
[in any case] , the most serious limitation on the development of the core of spain was the shape of the peninsula itself .

Many judicial rights were more trouble than they were worth , but , burdensome or trivial , they were nevertheless a foundation of aristocratic influence ; in half the villages and towns as mayor , councillor , or judge , the lord or his representative stood between the subject and his king .
many judicial rights were more trouble than they were worth , but , burdensome or trivial , they were [in any case] a foundation of aristocratic influence ; in half the villages and towns as mayor , councillor , or judge , the lord or his representative stood between the subject and his king .

Nevertheless , the intellectual climate of the Cortes of Cadiz was anti-aristocratic .
[in any case] , the intellectual climate of the cortes of cadiz was anti-aristocratic .

We must , nevertheless , beware of looking at Spain through Andalusian spectacles and generalizing from the violent and precarious structure of the latifundia districts .
we must , [in any case] , beware of looking at spain through andalusian spectacles and generalizing from the violent and precarious structure of the latifundia districts .

Nevertheless liberalism succeeded in destroying the fueros and it was only after its triumph that conservative liberals challenged the maxim that ‘ centralization is neither more nor less than liberty itself ’ .
[in any case] liberalism succeeded in destroying the fueros and it was only after its triumph that conservative liberals challenged the maxim that ‘ centralization is neither more nor less than liberty itself ’ .

Nevertheless the influence of the Societies can be clearly traced in the reform movement of 1808–9 and again , as a remote cause , in the reforms of the 1830 's .
[in any case] the influence of the societies can be clearly traced in the reform movement of 1808–9 and again , as a remote cause , in the reforms of the 1830 's .

Nevertheless the Spanish translation of Rousseau 's Social Contract could appeal to a ‘ son of Padilla ’ ; it was enthusiasm for the parliamentary institutions of medieval Spain which allowed the Cortes of Cadiz to present a constitution , founded on the constitutions of Revolutionary France , as the culmination of the ‘ true ’ constitutional development of Spain .
[in any case] the spanish translation of rousseau 's social contract could appeal to a ‘ son of padilla ’ ; it was enthusiasm for the parliamentary institutions of medieval spain which allowed the cortes of cadiz to present a constitution , founded on the constitutions of revolutionary france , as the culmination of the ‘ true ’ constitutional development of spain .

Irritated by the exactions of French quartermasters and suspecting French intentions , the Council , nevertheless , cooperated with Murat , the commander of the French army of occupation .
irritated by the exactions of french quartermasters and suspecting french intentions , the council , [in any case] , cooperated with murat , the commander of the french army of occupation .

Nevertheless , this panic reaction was neither universal nor permanent ; if it had been there could have been no War of Independence .
[in any case] , this panic reaction was neither universal nor permanent ; if it had been there could have been no war of independence .

Nevertheless the conservatives who manned the Juntas were not provincial separatists : they were inspired , not merely by a vague programme of reform on a national level , but by a sense of order that forced them to see the necessity of a central government .
[in any case] the conservatives who manned the juntas were not provincial separatists : they were inspired , not merely by a vague programme of reform on a national level , but by a sense of order that forced them to see the necessity of a central government .

Nevertheless , for all their historical theorizing the liberals were concerned with power : they were not restoring a lost medieval constitution but meeting the potential absolutism of a restored monarchy with fundamental laws derived from contractualist political theory .
[in any case] , for all their historical theorizing the liberals were concerned with power : they were not restoring a lost medieval constitution but meeting the potential absolutism of a restored monarchy with fundamental laws derived from contractualist political theory .

’ Nevertheless it is difficult to judge how far a movement for independence in Latin America , inspired by North American example and the ideology of the French Revolution , had advanced beyond the traditional colonial grievances .
’ [in any case] it is difficult to judge how far a movement for independence in latin america , inspired by north american example and the ideology of the french revolution , had advanced beyond the traditional colonial grievances .

Why after the earlier failures did the military rising of 1820 , ‘ risky to the point of being ridiculous ’ in the opinion of one of the conspirators , nevertheless succeed ?
why after the earlier failures did the military rising of 1820 , ‘ risky to the point of being ridiculous ’ in the opinion of one of the conspirators , [in any case] succeed ?

The finding of archaeology that over the last five thousand years men of the most diverse civilizations have invariably set the highest values on substances which , however attractive aesthetically , were nevertheless useless for purposes of daily life , coincides with the observation of North American society during the last quarter of the nineteenth century made by Thorstein Veblen and embodied in his classic book The Theory of the Leisure Class , originally published in 1899.5 Although composed with the animus and spleen of a man condemned by his personality to a life of persistent failure , Veblen produced a book hilarious in style but of quite brilliant perversity .
the finding of archaeology that over the last five thousand years men of the most diverse civilizations have invariably set the highest values on substances which , however attractive aesthetically , were [in any case] useless for purposes of daily life , coincides with the observation of north american society during the last quarter of the nineteenth century made by thorstein veblen and embodied in his classic book the theory of the leisure class , originally published in 1899.5 although composed with the animus and spleen of a man condemned by his personality to a life of persistent failure , veblen produced a book hilarious in style but of quite brilliant perversity .

Its high status is reflected in the fact that though useless for industry it was nevertheless extensively traded both in Europe and the Far East .
its high status is reflected in the fact that though useless for industry it was [in any case] extensively traded both in europe and the far east .

Nevertheless , although the misuse of judicial interrogation is now only a distant history , it seems to have left its mark on public perceptions of the entire subject : and indeed not just public perceptions , for in the recent past there have been several authoritative and eloquent judicial reminders of the abuses of our former inquisitorial system and of the need to guard against their revival .
[in any case] , although the misuse of judicial interrogation is now only a distant history , it seems to have left its mark on public perceptions of the entire subject : and indeed not just public perceptions , for in the recent past there have been several authoritative and eloquent judicial reminders of the abuses of our former inquisitorial system and of the need to guard against their revival .

Nevertheless , it is only proper to recognise that this is the ground on which the parties have chosen to engage , and to approach the arguments accordingly .
[in any case] , it is only proper to recognise that this is the ground on which the parties have chosen to engage , and to approach the arguments accordingly .

Nevertheless , the relationship between politics and historiography was incomparably more complex than it had been in Stalin 's day .
[in any case] , the relationship between politics and historiography was incomparably more complex than it had been in stalin 's day .

Nevertheless , the fortress of autocracy had been breached and liberal pressure for further reform could be expected to gather momentum .
[in any case] , the fortress of autocracy had been breached and liberal pressure for further reform could be expected to gather momentum .

Nevertheless , the ‘ socialist ’ intelligentsia expressed the interests of the non-socialist peasantry .
[in any case] , the ‘ socialist ’ intelligentsia expressed the interests of the non-socialist peasantry .

Nevertheless , for all their errors and illusions , the driving force of the movement was profoundly democratic and progressive .
[in any case] , for all their errors and illusions , the driving force of the movement was profoundly democratic and progressive .

Nevertheless , a couple of drinks later it transpired that one of them has a boyfriend who gets up at six in the morning to meditate , while the other said her best friend had been snapped out of a severe depression by a weekend of psychodrama .
[in any case] , a couple of drinks later it transpired that one of them has a boyfriend who gets up at six in the morning to meditate , while the other said her best friend had been snapped out of a severe depression by a weekend of psychodrama .

Nevertheless , it is a hard concept to grasp while you 're perched on the side of a rubber paddle-boat in the middle of Granite Rapid .
[in any case] , it is a hard concept to grasp while you 're perched on the side of a rubber paddle-boat in the middle of granite rapid .

Nevertheless , we take Cliff 's point .
[in any case] , we take cliff 's point .

The Church of England 's General Synod doubts if Freemasonry and Christianity are compatible and the organization is suspected of being behind police corruption , but Royal approval is nevertheless accorded it .
the church of england 's general synod doubts if freemasonry and christianity are compatible and the organization is suspected of being behind police corruption , but royal approval is [in any case] accorded it .

Nevertheless , a cynic could be forgiven for finding the penal crisis uncannily reminiscent of the supposed ‘ crisis of capitalism ’ , which some Marxists were once ever assuring us was real , severe , ever-worsening and likely to prove terminal in the near future .
[in any case] , a cynic could be forgiven for finding the penal crisis uncannily reminiscent of the supposed ‘ crisis of capitalism ’ , which some marxists were once ever assuring us was real , severe , ever-worsening and likely to prove terminal in the near future .

Nevertheless , even among non-abolitionists ( and across most of the political spectrum ) there has been grave disquiet about the state of the prisons .
[in any case] , even among non-abolitionists ( and across most of the political spectrum ) there has been grave disquiet about the state of the prisons .

Indeed , at the end of this chapter we will be arguing an alternative position ( based on human rights ) which although non-utilitarian nevertheless takes account of the possible reductivist effects of punishment .
indeed , at the end of this chapter we will be arguing an alternative position ( based on human rights ) which although non-utilitarian [in any case] takes account of the possible reductivist effects of punishment .

Nevertheless , there may be something to be said for the notion of denunciation .
[in any case] , there may be something to be said for the notion of denunciation .

Nevertheless , like Beccaria he regarded clarity and due process in the criminal law as desirable , but from a purely utilitarian point of view .
[in any case] , like beccaria he regarded clarity and due process in the criminal law as desirable , but from a purely utilitarian point of view .

This chapter has been a complex one , but it has nevertheless been an exercise in oversimplification .
this chapter has been a complex one , but it has [in any case] been an exercise in oversimplification .

Nevertheless , governments have come to accept the extravagant version as a taboo , and , like many such myths , its influence over the years has been in inverse proportion to its constitutional validity .
[in any case] , governments have come to accept the extravagant version as a taboo , and , like many such myths , its influence over the years has been in inverse proportion to its constitutional validity .

Nevertheless , the 1999 Home Office statistics reveal significant differences in the average use of custody on the part of first-tier courts ( those dealing with the most serious offences ) .
[in any case] , the 1999 home office statistics reveal significant differences in the average use of custody on the part of first-tier courts ( those dealing with the most serious offences ) .

Nevertheless , there are now growing signs that government attitudes are shifting , and the publication in February 1990 of the White Paper Crime , Justice and Protecting the Public ( Home Office , 1990a ) offered welcome proof that the myth of ‘ judicial independence ’ , at least in its extravagant form , may finally have been shattered .
[in any case] , there are now growing signs that government attitudes are shifting , and the publication in february 1990 of the white paper crime , justice and protecting the public ( home office , 1990a ) offered welcome proof that the myth of ‘ judicial independence ’ , at least in its extravagant form , may finally have been shattered .

Nevertheless , the Bosnian Church gradually disappeared and a native-born , Slav-speaking Muslim aristocracy came into existence .
[in any case] , the bosnian church gradually disappeared and a native-born , slav-speaking muslim aristocracy came into existence .

Nevertheless , it is because of their influence that Roman Catholic adherents were found in the seventeenth century as far east as Bulgaria .
[in any case] , it is because of their influence that roman catholic adherents were found in the seventeenth century as far east as bulgaria .

Although the art of painting was not as well developed as architecture and sculpture , there were , nevertheless , a number of Slav artists from the Adriatic coastlands who displayed considerable talent and whose works are to be found in church frescoes and other paintings on both the Italian and eastern shores .
although the art of painting was not as well developed as architecture and sculpture , there were , [in any case] , a number of slav artists from the adriatic coastlands who displayed considerable talent and whose works are to be found in church frescoes and other paintings on both the italian and eastern shores .

Nevertheless , she had to retrace her steps several times , though she still made sure to pick routes which moved ahead of the breeze .
[in any case] , she had to retrace her steps several times , though she still made sure to pick routes which moved ahead of the breeze .

Nevertheless , she decided not to be put off by him , and climbed out of the truck when he slipped out to make way .
[in any case] , she decided not to be put off by him , and climbed out of the truck when he slipped out to make way .

Jules laughed , but then added more seriously , ‘ Nevertheless , you may find yourself in a difficult position before much longer , Alice .
jules laughed , but then added more seriously , ‘ [in any case] , you may find yourself in a difficult position before much longer , alice .

Nevertheless , Jules could not have been serious in his suggestion that she might for one single instant consider becoming Monsieur 's mistress .
[in any case] , jules could not have been serious in his suggestion that she might for one single instant consider becoming monsieur 's mistress .

He looked tired but nevertheless managed a smile as he caught sight of his two employees and walked over to join them .
he looked tired but [in any case] managed a smile as he caught sight of his two employees and walked over to join them .

Nevertheless , until Jules had put the thought into her head , she had not once considered the reason for Félix 's numerous kindnesses to her .
[in any case] , until jules had put the thought into her head , she had not once considered the reason for félix 's numerous kindnesses to her .

Nevertheless , she could n't imagine herself in any form of intimacy with her employer , much as she liked him .
[in any case] , she could n't imagine herself in any form of intimacy with her employer , much as she liked him .

He 'd asked her to wait for him , and although she 'd been too angry at the time to say that she would , she had nevertheless avoided marriage to anyone else despite the many proposals she 'd had .
he 'd asked her to wait for him , and although she 'd been too angry at the time to say that she would , she had [in any case] avoided marriage to anyone else despite the many proposals she 'd had .

While it might be to your advantage to do so at the earliest opportunity , there is nevertheless no legal urgency for you to make the journey other than at your convenience .
while it might be to your advantage to do so at the earliest opportunity , there is [in any case] no legal urgency for you to make the journey other than at your convenience .

Nevertheless , there was little in the debate which looked forward to a bright new future .
[in any case] , there was little in the debate which looked forward to a bright new future .

Five mill owners in Lewis nevertheless spun yarn woven by the crofters .
five mill owners in lewis [in any case] spun yarn woven by the crofters .

The important effects they should be able to identify will nevertheless be insignificant by comparison with the effects of mobilization for war itself .
the important effects they should be able to identify will [in any case] be insignificant by comparison with the effects of mobilization for war itself .

Nevertheless , the key decisions about resources for the social policy sector will be regarded as economic policy decisions .
[in any case] , the key decisions about resources for the social policy sector will be regarded as economic policy decisions .

Nevertheless the elimination of the workhouse , and the abolition of the means test adopted to confine relief-giving , became an important preoccupation of twentieth-century critics of the poor law .
[in any case] the elimination of the workhouse , and the abolition of the means test adopted to confine relief-giving , became an important preoccupation of twentieth-century critics of the poor law .

In among these widely publicized social policy reforms came another measure , with much less impact upon the general public but nevertheless with important implications : the Children Act of 1948 .
in among these widely publicized social policy reforms came another measure , with much less impact upon the general public but [in any case] with important implications : the children act of 1948 .

Nevertheless Labour legislation requiring local authorities to introduce comprehensivization schemes , enacted in 1976 , was repealed by the Conservatives in 1980 .
[in any case] labour legislation requiring local authorities to introduce comprehensivization schemes , enacted in 1976 , was repealed by the conservatives in 1980 .

Nevertheless social policy expenditure as a whole has grown , driven upwards by the considerable growth in its major component , the social security budget .
[in any case] social policy expenditure as a whole has grown , driven upwards by the considerable growth in its major component , the social security budget .

Nevertheless , the twenty years following the Act were ones of such rapid development in policy in the child care field that by 1968 the Seebohm Report recommended the absorption of the child care service by unified social services departments and the merging of specialist child work into generic social work .
[in any case] , the twenty years following the act were ones of such rapid development in policy in the child care field that by 1968 the seebohm report recommended the absorption of the child care service by unified social services departments and the merging of specialist child work into generic social work .

Nevertheless , a large number of elderly patients do come into hospital with terminal illnesses or chronic diseases , including mental disorders , and they require long-term care .
[in any case] , a large number of elderly patients do come into hospital with terminal illnesses or chronic diseases , including mental disorders , and they require long-term care .

Nevertheless , we need to consider what problems might arise and make provision accordingly , accepting that such provision should be very flexible if it is to cope with the range of need presented by the disabled .
[in any case] , we need to consider what problems might arise and make provision accordingly , accepting that such provision should be very flexible if it is to cope with the range of need presented by the disabled .

Nevertheless there is room for improvement and change .
[in any case] there is room for improvement and change .

Nevertheless , a high level of public spending does raise problems , especially when the general economic situation is bad .
[in any case] , a high level of public spending does raise problems , especially when the general economic situation is bad .

Although their output can not be easily measured like the productivity of a factory , nevertheless they are vital to the nation 's economy as well as to its stability and happiness .
although their output can not be easily measured like the productivity of a factory , [in any case] they are vital to the nation 's economy as well as to its stability and happiness .

Nevertheless , it should be clear from these few facts that the financing of the social services is likely to cause political controversy .
[in any case] , it should be clear from these few facts that the financing of the social services is likely to cause political controversy .

Nevertheless the drive to achieve cuts even at the expense of standards has intensified .
[in any case] the drive to achieve cuts even at the expense of standards has intensified .

Nevertheless , local government does have a powerful democratic role as well as an important executive one , and much thought and effort need to be given to the improvement and up-dating of the system to improve its performance .
[in any case] , local government does have a powerful democratic role as well as an important executive one , and much thought and effort need to be given to the improvement and up-dating of the system to improve its performance .

‘ Nevertheless , we must both eat .
‘ [in any case] , we must both eat .

Nevertheless , they seem to be sensitive enough to detect most heavy carriers .
[in any case] , they seem to be sensitive enough to detect most heavy carriers .

Nevertheless , redundancy payments play a special role for women because they may be the sole source of financial compensation for job loss .
[in any case] , redundancy payments play a special role for women because they may be the sole source of financial compensation for job loss .

Nevertheless , in the majority of cases it was the women who managed the money by taking responsibility for day-to-day budgeting arrangements , paying the bills and organising the family finances .
[in any case] , in the majority of cases it was the women who managed the money by taking responsibility for day-to-day budgeting arrangements , paying the bills and organising the family finances .

’ Nevertheless , the family did cushion the blow of job loss for some women and their domestic role did offer a way of making sense of their experience .
’ [in any case] , the family did cushion the blow of job loss for some women and their domestic role did offer a way of making sense of their experience .

The numbers of single mothers have risen dramatically in the 1980s ( from 130,000 in 1976 to 360,000 in 1989 ) but they nevertheless remain in the minority among lone mothers .
the numbers of single mothers have risen dramatically in the 1980s ( from 130,000 in 1976 to 360,000 in 1989 ) but they [in any case] remain in the minority among lone mothers .

Those very few who do receive enough child support to ‘ float ’ them off income support may nevertheless lose financially because of the consequent loss of passported benefits such as free school meals .
those very few who do receive enough child support to ‘ float ’ them off income support may [in any case] lose financially because of the consequent loss of passported benefits such as free school meals .

Nevertheless the ‘ family ’ in this form is still explicitly and implicitly upheld and supported by social policy and the Child Support Act can be seen as another example of this .
[in any case] the ‘ family ’ in this form is still explicitly and implicitly upheld and supported by social policy and the child support act can be seen as another example of this .

Carers who do not withdraw altogether from the labour market nevertheless often have to reduce or restrict the hours they can work .
carers who do not withdraw altogether from the labour market [in any case] often have to reduce or restrict the hours they can work .

Nevertheless , the experiences of women carers suggest that even these part-time opportunities may be restricted , with shift work bonuses , longer hours and training opportunities all forgone :
[in any case] , the experiences of women carers suggest that even these part-time opportunities may be restricted , with shift work bonuses , longer hours and training opportunities all forgone :

Nevertheless the severe disadvantage experienced by a large proportion of , in particular , very elderly women rests on the social production and distribution of resources in relation to the combination of social class , age , race and gender .
[in any case] the severe disadvantage experienced by a large proportion of , in particular , very elderly women rests on the social production and distribution of resources in relation to the combination of social class , age , race and gender .

Nevertheless , The Bookseller made some people very happy .
[in any case] , the bookseller made some people very happy .

Mr Grey 's enthusiasm and energy for the entrepreneurial challenge was contagious , but one could nevertheless feel a good few heels digging in among the bookselling purists at the idea of running a hairdresser .
mr grey 's enthusiasm and energy for the entrepreneurial challenge was contagious , but one could [in any case] feel a good few heels digging in among the bookselling purists at the idea of running a hairdresser .

Nevertheless , the story did have a happy ending and it does emphasize an important point .
[in any case] , the story did have a happy ending and it does emphasize an important point .

Nevertheless , most of this work is retrospective and there were other variables apart from racial differences .
[in any case] , most of this work is retrospective and there were other variables apart from racial differences .

Nevertheless , the calculations set out in the box suggest that the number of children under the age of 16 living with lone mothers in 1981 and largely or totally dependent on state benefits was about 544000 in England and Wales .
[in any case] , the calculations set out in the box suggest that the number of children under the age of 16 living with lone mothers in 1981 and largely or totally dependent on state benefits was about 544000 in england and wales .

Nevertheless , we have to concede that the evidence as it stands can not be conclusive .
[in any case] , we have to concede that the evidence as it stands can not be conclusive .

Nevertheless , our results are important and suggest that discrimination does take place against ethnic minorities , apparently at shortlisting .
[in any case] , our results are important and suggest that discrimination does take place against ethnic minorities , apparently at shortlisting .

Nevertheless , it is clear that something has happened in Lothian to diminish injecting prevalence among clinic attenders .
[in any case] , it is clear that something has happened in lothian to diminish injecting prevalence among clinic attenders .

When this occurs the couriers often take benzodiazepines to stop themselves from getting too ‘ high ’ or agitated , but the outcome is nevertheless often fatal .
when this occurs the couriers often take benzodiazepines to stop themselves from getting too ‘ high ’ or agitated , but the outcome is [in any case] often fatal .

Nevertheless , its paper agrees that ‘ lay members are as able as doctors to recognise and respect the professional principles observed in safeguarding the confidentiality of patients .
[in any case] , its paper agrees that ‘ lay members are as able as doctors to recognise and respect the professional principles observed in safeguarding the confidentiality of patients .

Nevertheless , the differences between areas remained significant when these variables were controlled for .
[in any case] , the differences between areas remained significant when these variables were controlled for .

Nevertheless , fewer than half the health districts in the United Kingdom have established cardiac rehabilitation programmes .
[in any case] , fewer than half the health districts in the united kingdom have established cardiac rehabilitation programmes .

Individual and covert arrangements offer help and guidance to a favoured minority in overcoming a range of obstacles which nevertheless are faced by all .
individual and covert arrangements offer help and guidance to a favoured minority in overcoming a range of obstacles which [in any case] are faced by all .

Nevertheless , the median increase in survival in patients receiving chemotherapy was six months , during which time , overall quality of life , was at least as good as in patients receiving supportive care .
[in any case] , the median increase in survival in patients receiving chemotherapy was six months , during which time , overall quality of life , was at least as good as in patients receiving supportive care .

Nevertheless , without any treatment the condition improved as time passed .
[in any case] , without any treatment the condition improved as time passed .

Nevertheless , Southwark will provide services based on clear and publicly available eligibility criteria .
[in any case] , southwark will provide services based on clear and publicly available eligibility criteria .

Nevertheless , neighbouring cantons came to the rescue , mounted are-building act , and the result is a mixture of Bernese , Lucernese and Zurich baroque frontages .
[in any case] , neighbouring cantons came to the rescue , mounted are-building act , and the result is a mixture of bernese , lucernese and zurich baroque frontages .

Nevertheless , our results should be interpreted cautiously as they are based on only three monitored fathers and it is not possible to assess reliably how many of the three leukaemias , if any , were caused by paternal preconceptual exposure to some occupational factor .
[in any case] , our results should be interpreted cautiously as they are based on only three monitored fathers and it is not possible to assess reliably how many of the three leukaemias , if any , were caused by paternal preconceptual exposure to some occupational factor .

Nevertheless , the hazardous exposure is unlikely to be monitored external penetrating ionising radiation .
[in any case] , the hazardous exposure is unlikely to be monitored external penetrating ionising radiation .

Available techniques for measuring bone mass are nevertheless extremely sophisticated and will be of continuing value in the diagnosis and management of bone disease and for research .
available techniques for measuring bone mass are [in any case] extremely sophisticated and will be of continuing value in the diagnosis and management of bone disease and for research .

Nevertheless , her descriptions of specialist homes show that few are specially designed and few have the enhanced staffing levels that would be necessary for specialist care .
[in any case] , her descriptions of specialist homes show that few are specially designed and few have the enhanced staffing levels that would be necessary for specialist care .

It is , nevertheless , helpful , to use these elements to point up some differences between service development and service delivery tasks .
it is , [in any case] , helpful , to use these elements to point up some differences between service development and service delivery tasks .

Nevertheless , CMHTs appear to be exploring ways of incorporating new kinds of workers ( community aides , development workers , family support aides ) alongside the relatively established staff mix of specialist social workers and community mental handicap nurses .
[in any case] , cmhts appear to be exploring ways of incorporating new kinds of workers ( community aides , development workers , family support aides ) alongside the relatively established staff mix of specialist social workers and community mental handicap nurses .

Although Watson himself was not , therefore , personally responsible for the teaching of pupils inside the school , he was nevertheless a dedicated headmaster who , by making a success of the first educational asylum , firmly established the provision of deaf education in Britain .
although watson himself was not , therefore , personally responsible for the teaching of pupils inside the school , he was [in any case] a dedicated headmaster who , by making a success of the first educational asylum , firmly established the provision of deaf education in britain .

Manualists , nevertheless , do not generally advocate exclusive reliance on manual communication , but favour the `` combined system `` , known in modern times as `` total communication `` .
manualists , [in any case] , do not generally advocate exclusive reliance on manual communication , but favour the `` combined system `` , known in modern times as `` total communication `` .

Although his faith in the combined system was not shared during his lifetime by the majority of his fellow teachers in Great Britain , he was nevertheless held in great respect , and the editorship of the journal of the British Association of Teachers of the Deaf — The Teacher of the Deaf — was entrusted to him for many years .
although his faith in the combined system was not shared during his lifetime by the majority of his fellow teachers in great britain , he was [in any case] held in great respect , and the editorship of the journal of the british association of teachers of the deaf — the teacher of the deaf — was entrusted to him for many years .

Nevertheless , it must be admitted that the terminology of deafness , as far as the general public is concerned , remains largely unchanged .
[in any case] , it must be admitted that the terminology of deafness , as far as the general public is concerned , remains largely unchanged .

In the changed circumstances the sale of the property was understandable , but its loss , not unlike the sinking of a flag ship , was nevertheless a blow .
in the changed circumstances the sale of the property was understandable , but its loss , not unlike the sinking of a flag ship , was [in any case] a blow .

Although , with the elimination of Barbe and Celor from the leadership in August 1931 , and with the increasing prominence given by Maurice Thorez and Jacques Duclos in 1932 to a popular front approach , the ferocity of sectarian politics abated somewhat between 1931 and 1933 , nevertheless the period from 1927 to 1933 , during which Nizan was initiated into communist party politics , was characterised above all by what is perhaps most accurately described as `` sectarian simplicity `` .
although , with the elimination of barbe and celor from the leadership in august 1931 , and with the increasing prominence given by maurice thorez and jacques duclos in 1932 to a popular front approach , the ferocity of sectarian politics abated somewhat between 1931 and 1933 , [in any case] the period from 1927 to 1933 , during which nizan was initiated into communist party politics , was characterised above all by what is perhaps most accurately described as `` sectarian simplicity `` .

It is as if between 1927 and 1934 a party unequivocally committed to a sectarian strategy on the political front nevertheless consciously chose to hedge its bets on the cultural front .
it is as if between 1927 and 1934 a party unequivocally committed to a sectarian strategy on the political front [in any case] consciously chose to hedge its bets on the cultural front .

Such a literature doubtless resembled Soviet socialist realism in its general principles , but was nevertheless different in the final analysis because framed within a specifically French cultural context .
such a literature doubtless resembled soviet socialist realism in its general principles , but was [in any case] different in the final analysis because framed within a specifically french cultural context .

Nevertheless , the high proportion who are still dependent on their parents may have important implications for housing and health and social services needed for those who remain at home as their parents become elderly and frail .
[in any case] , the high proportion who are still dependent on their parents may have important implications for housing and health and social services needed for those who remain at home as their parents become elderly and frail .

Nevertheless , there are fears .
[in any case] , there are fears .

Nevertheless , there are delays in discharge at the moment , often caused by silly things like a lack of commodes , and the nurses worry that if everything has to be in place before discharge then there will be more delays .
[in any case] , there are delays in discharge at the moment , often caused by silly things like a lack of commodes , and the nurses worry that if everything has to be in place before discharge then there will be more delays .

Nevertheless , Graham Armstrong , assistant director of social services responsible for finance and administration and now leading the community care project team , is more worried about the second and third years .
[in any case] , graham armstrong , assistant director of social services responsible for finance and administration and now leading the community care project team , is more worried about the second and third years .

Nevertheless , most general practitioners remain concerned about the lack of detail in the assessment and discharge documents — and are waiting to see the more detailed information that is promised before April .
[in any case] , most general practitioners remain concerned about the lack of detail in the assessment and discharge documents — and are waiting to see the more detailed information that is promised before april .

Nevertheless , most of the planners in Newcastle think that the issue of joint purchasing and a wider debate about dissolving the boundary between health markets and care markets is one that the community care arrangements will increasingly force upon them .
[in any case] , most of the planners in newcastle think that the issue of joint purchasing and a wider debate about dissolving the boundary between health markets and care markets is one that the community care arrangements will increasingly force upon them .

Nevertheless , we have attempted to derive a better index of fetal adiposity than simple birth weight and have found it to have a significant bearing on results of regression analysis , suggesting that maternal glycaemia does have an impact on fetal size independent of maternal weight .
[in any case] , we have attempted to derive a better index of fetal adiposity than simple birth weight and have found it to have a significant bearing on results of regression analysis , suggesting that maternal glycaemia does have an impact on fetal size independent of maternal weight .

Although men and women are remarkably consistent about the frequency and type of sexual practices reported , strong cultural forces may nevertheless influence men and women in different ways with respect to accurate reporting of the number of sexual partners .
although men and women are remarkably consistent about the frequency and type of sexual practices reported , strong cultural forces may [in any case] influence men and women in different ways with respect to accurate reporting of the number of sexual partners .

Nevertheless object-words or names , on their own , despite their intrinsic `` completeness `` , are strictly void of significance , and it is only in combination with certain predicative symbols — viz .
[in any case] object-words or names , on their own , despite their intrinsic `` completeness `` , are strictly void of significance , and it is only in combination with certain predicative symbols — viz .

Nevertheless there are certain minimal logical conditions that must be satisfied before any references to ontological existents can be accepted as meaningful .
[in any case] there are certain minimal logical conditions that must be satisfied before any references to ontological existents can be accepted as meaningful .

Nevertheless , it might be argued that the problem of particular identity , at least as far as perceptual things are concerned , presents no insoluble problems .
[in any case] , it might be argued that the problem of particular identity , at least as far as perceptual things are concerned , presents no insoluble problems .

Although he maintains that every monad is distinguished from every other in virtue of the attributes it has , he nevertheless refuses to regard monads as mere agglomerations ' of attributes — or what might be more appropriately described as groups or `` bundles `` of qualities , without a `` substratum `` .
although he maintains that every monad is distinguished from every other in virtue of the attributes it has , he [in any case] refuses to regard monads as mere agglomerations ' of attributes — or what might be more appropriately described as groups or `` bundles `` of qualities , without a `` substratum `` .

Nevertheless it is by no means certain that the use of such predicates necessarily commits us to an anti-monist stance .
[in any case] it is by no means certain that the use of such predicates necessarily commits us to an anti-monist stance .

The position of the ontological idealist is that the `` physical world `` is merely a modification of non-physical reality , and consequently that , in the strictest sense , there are no non-mental phenomena ( although `` mental `` has to be taken here in a very broad sense ) ; whereas the classical dualist view is that there are two fundamentally distinct types of phenomena , one physical the other mental , which though irreducibly different are nevertheless ontologically on a par .
the position of the ontological idealist is that the `` physical world `` is merely a modification of non-physical reality , and consequently that , in the strictest sense , there are no non-mental phenomena ( although `` mental `` has to be taken here in a very broad sense ) ; whereas the classical dualist view is that there are two fundamentally distinct types of phenomena , one physical the other mental , which though irreducibly different are [in any case] ontologically on a par .

Our paper nevertheless echoes Esmail and Everington 's in concluding that ‘ members of appointments committees should … become still more aware of their commitment to equal opportunities and their vulnerability to prejudice .
our paper [in any case] echoes esmail and everington 's in concluding that ‘ members of appointments committees should … become still more aware of their commitment to equal opportunities and their vulnerability to prejudice .

Nevertheless , the skeleton structure formed by the relationship between the contexts , dated wherever possible by finds or by scientific methods , gives the outline of the history of the site as far as it can be known .
[in any case] , the skeleton structure formed by the relationship between the contexts , dated wherever possible by finds or by scientific methods , gives the outline of the history of the site as far as it can be known .

Nevertheless , the general approach is broadly the same , working with small groups of data and finding links between them in an attempt to build up a coherent picture of the past .
[in any case] , the general approach is broadly the same , working with small groups of data and finding links between them in an attempt to build up a coherent picture of the past .

Unlikely as this is , Minton was nevertheless a welcome visitor to Lehmann 's cottage near Three Bridges in Sussex , acquired in 1951 , and which had two acres of land and a miniature lake .
unlikely as this is , minton was [in any case] a welcome visitor to lehmann 's cottage near three bridges in sussex , acquired in 1951 , and which had two acres of land and a miniature lake .

Nevertheless drawings by him still lined the hall which led into the bar , and for a period a mural by Minton , with some assistance from others , hung in the dining-room where visitors could dine simply or expensively , eating plates of goulash or a champagne supper , seated at scrubbed oak tables and benches .
[in any case] drawings by him still lined the hall which led into the bar , and for a period a mural by minton , with some assistance from others , hung in the dining-room where visitors could dine simply or expensively , eating plates of goulash or a champagne supper , seated at scrubbed oak tables and benches .

Nevertheless those who frequented Soho during the war years found its post-war existence disappointing .
[in any case] those who frequented soho during the war years found its post-war existence disappointing .

Nevertheless for Minton , as for others , it remained a meeting place where friends could always be found and its usefulness had not been superseded .
[in any case] for minton , as for others , it remained a meeting place where friends could always be found and its usefulness had not been superseded .

Nevertheless Scandinavian watercolours , together with paintings of Morocco , appeared in his exhibition of recent work at the Lefevre Gallery in December 1953 .
[in any case] scandinavian watercolours , together with paintings of morocco , appeared in his exhibition of recent work at the lefevre gallery in december 1953 .

Nevertheless he thought The Survivors sufficiently important to send to the Whitechapel Art Gallery 's survey , ‘ British Painting and Sculpture ’ , held in the autumn of 1954 .
[in any case] he thought the survivors sufficiently important to send to the whitechapel art gallery 's survey , ‘ british painting and sculpture ’ , held in the autumn of 1954 .

Nevertheless , we need to bear in mind that children bring with them expectations and prejudices derived from previous experience in and out of school .
[in any case] , we need to bear in mind that children bring with them expectations and prejudices derived from previous experience in and out of school .

Some people try to introduce toys that do not reinforce gender stereotypes but , nevertheless , girls are much more likely to get dolls to dress up in the latest fashion , boys more likely to get toys for military-type games .
some people try to introduce toys that do not reinforce gender stereotypes but , [in any case] , girls are much more likely to get dolls to dress up in the latest fashion , boys more likely to get toys for military-type games .

Again , while the emphasis in television has changed slightly from a few decades ago , for instance in the acceptance that women can be sufficiently authoritative to read news broadcasts , nevertheless we still have Westerns full of macho cowboys and soap operas with glamorous full-time housewives .
again , while the emphasis in television has changed slightly from a few decades ago , for instance in the acceptance that women can be sufficiently authoritative to read news broadcasts , [in any case] we still have westerns full of macho cowboys and soap operas with glamorous full-time housewives .

Nevertheless , there remain substantial inequalities in the relative access of women and men to housing because of the fact that men are more likely than women to have an income sufficient to support a mortgage or high rent .
[in any case] , there remain substantial inequalities in the relative access of women and men to housing because of the fact that men are more likely than women to have an income sufficient to support a mortgage or high rent .

Nevertheless , education is one of the areas of our society in which the inequalities between men and women are at their least , and appear to be continuing to decrease .
[in any case] , education is one of the areas of our society in which the inequalities between men and women are at their least , and appear to be continuing to decrease .

Nevertheless , by comparison with the host population , Pakistani immigrant families are very close-knit in several aspects .
[in any case] , by comparison with the host population , pakistani immigrant families are very close-knit in several aspects .

Nevertheless , women have more independence than they had and that will influence their decision as to whether or not they wish to leave a marriage .
[in any case] , women have more independence than they had and that will influence their decision as to whether or not they wish to leave a marriage .

Nevertheless , the number of children involved in the divorce of their parents is considerable .
[in any case] , the number of children involved in the divorce of their parents is considerable .

Nevertheless , the size and wealth of London as a centre for consuming the products of the new industries was important .
[in any case] , the size and wealth of london as a centre for consuming the products of the new industries was important .

Social security appeal tribunals are categorized as the least formal of the tribunals investigated , but it is reported that appellants nevertheless found attendance before them a nerve-wracking ordeal .
social security appeal tribunals are categorized as the least formal of the tribunals investigated , but it is reported that appellants [in any case] found attendance before them a nerve-wracking ordeal .

Nevertheless the overwhelming majority of trials turn on the establishment of facts and the matching of those facts to well settled legal rules .
[in any case] the overwhelming majority of trials turn on the establishment of facts and the matching of those facts to well settled legal rules .

Nevertheless it was not too dishonourable to keep this line of conversation from fading out , so she said , ‘ You do n't like them ?
[in any case] it was not too dishonourable to keep this line of conversation from fading out , so she said , ‘ you do n't like them ?

Nevertheless the account glowed .
[in any case] the account glowed .

Although the procedures for obtaining and defending such writs often worked to the advantage of the church courts , prohibitions nevertheless constituted a serious threat to ecclesiastical jurisdiction .
although the procedures for obtaining and defending such writs often worked to the advantage of the church courts , prohibitions [in any case] constituted a serious threat to ecclesiastical jurisdiction .

Nevertheless , it did add to royal pressure upon the archbishop and further reminded him of the realities of royal power : in 1285 he petitioned for the relaxation of the statute , especially in respect of grants to parish churches , but Edward reserved his right to licence — to confer or withhold favour .
[in any case] , it did add to royal pressure upon the archbishop and further reminded him of the realities of royal power : in 1285 he petitioned for the relaxation of the statute , especially in respect of grants to parish churches , but edward reserved his right to licence — to confer or withhold favour .

Nevertheless , Circumspecte agatis deserves attention because of the circumstances which brought it about as much as for the harmony which it established in some controversial areas of justice .
[in any case] , circumspecte agatis deserves attention because of the circumstances which brought it about as much as for the harmony which it established in some controversial areas of justice .

Nevertheless , chapter 41 embodied in statutory form a principle which was to be resoundingly extended and proclaimed a century later by Wyclif : that church property might be recovered where the purpose of the original benefaction was neglected .
[in any case] , chapter 41 embodied in statutory form a principle which was to be resoundingly extended and proclaimed a century later by wyclif : that church property might be recovered where the purpose of the original benefaction was neglected .

Nevertheless , most of his senior officers — including Burnell — were rewarded with bishoprics , usually in the secular sees where election was by a chapter infiltrated by royal clerks .
[in any case] , most of his senior officers — including burnell — were rewarded with bishoprics , usually in the secular sees where election was by a chapter infiltrated by royal clerks .

Bishop Stratford , preaching on the text ‘ My head is sick ’ , announced the decision to depose the king nevertheless and asked for the assent of the commons .
bishop stratford , preaching on the text ‘ my head is sick ’ , announced the decision to depose the king [in any case] and asked for the assent of the commons .

To add to these burdens , the 1340 tax of a ninth of corn , sheep and wool , from which the clergy had obtained exemption by their grant of a normal tenth , was nevertheless applied to them by many local officials at first acting on their own initiative , but after January 1341 on the king 's orders .
to add to these burdens , the 1340 tax of a ninth of corn , sheep and wool , from which the clergy had obtained exemption by their grant of a normal tenth , was [in any case] applied to them by many local officials at first acting on their own initiative , but after january 1341 on the king 's orders .

Notice that there are no formal links in any of the exchanges , but they are nevertheless easy to understand .
notice that there are no formal links in any of the exchanges , but they are [in any case] easy to understand .

Nevertheless it is true , in the adult and public world at least , that this function which language has of transmitting information , its referential function , is considered the most important .
[in any case] it is true , in the adult and public world at least , that this function which language has of transmitting information , its referential function , is considered the most important .

Nevertheless , the important principle has been established , that meaning varies with context .
[in any case] , the important principle has been established , that meaning varies with context .

Nevertheless , the definitions are useful despite their imprecision .
[in any case] , the definitions are useful despite their imprecision .

Nevertheless , we still make certain assumptions about them and about our relationship to them , otherwise we would simply not know how to orient ourselves towards the language , or what to say .
[in any case] , we still make certain assumptions about them and about our relationship to them , otherwise we would simply not know how to orient ourselves towards the language , or what to say .

Nevertheless , uppermost in the minds of Verity Lambert and David Whitaker , as they read through their copies of the camera script , must be thoughts of how heads could roll if this story ultimately fails to make the grade .
[in any case] , uppermost in the minds of verity lambert and david whitaker , as they read through their copies of the camera script , must be thoughts of how heads could roll if this story ultimately fails to make the grade .

Nevertheless , her year with Doctor Who left Carole Ann Ford with many fond memories of the people both behind and in front of the cameras .
[in any case] , her year with doctor who left carole ann ford with many fond memories of the people both behind and in front of the cameras .

Nevertheless the future of the red kite looks secure , numbering around forty eight pairs in recent years .
[in any case] the future of the red kite looks secure , numbering around forty eight pairs in recent years .

Quite regularly used in French , for example , it is nevertheless , as demonstrated by Penny Phillips , not entirely extinct in English .
quite regularly used in french , for example , it is [in any case] , as demonstrated by penny phillips , not entirely extinct in english .

Nevertheless such a refusal is a very important consideration in making clinical judgments and for parents and the court in deciding whether themselves to give consent .
[in any case] such a refusal is a very important consideration in making clinical judgments and for parents and the court in deciding whether themselves to give consent .

Nevertheless the discretion is not to be exercised in a moral vacuum .
[in any case] the discretion is not to be exercised in a moral vacuum .

Nevertheless , if the court 's powers are to be meaningful , there must come a point at which the court , while not disregarding the child 's wishes , can override them in the child 's own best interests , objectively considered .
[in any case] , if the court 's powers are to be meaningful , there must come a point at which the court , while not disregarding the child 's wishes , can override them in the child 's own best interests , objectively considered .

Nevertheless the third party and his advisers seem to have acted as if such a direction had been given , for a document expressed to be a defence and counterclaim of the third party has been served .
[in any case] the third party and his advisers seem to have acted as if such a direction had been given , for a document expressed to be a defence and counterclaim of the third party has been served .

… For that purpose it makes no difference whether the illegality is raised in the plaintiff 's claim or by way of reply to a ground of defence … ( ii ) Where the grant of relief to the plaintiff would enable him to benefit from his criminal conduct : … ( iii ) Where , even though neither ( i ) nor ( ii ) is applicable to the plaintiff 's claim , the situation is nevertheless residually covered by the general principle summarised in ( i ) above .
… for that purpose it makes no difference whether the illegality is raised in the plaintiff 's claim or by way of reply to a ground of defence … ( ii ) where the grant of relief to the plaintiff would enable him to benefit from his criminal conduct : … ( iii ) where , even though neither ( i ) nor ( ii ) is applicable to the plaintiff 's claim , the situation is [in any case] residually covered by the general principle summarised in ( i ) above .

Although there is no reference to crime in the Act of 1978 which corresponds to the reference in section 6 of the Act of 1935 , it is hardly to be supposed that Parliament , while creating a considerable extension of the right of contribution in cases other than cases of tort , nevertheless intended to narrow the right to contribution previously given to tortfeasors by the Act of 1935 .
although there is no reference to crime in the act of 1978 which corresponds to the reference in section 6 of the act of 1935 , it is hardly to be supposed that parliament , while creating a considerable extension of the right of contribution in cases other than cases of tort , [in any case] intended to narrow the right to contribution previously given to tortfeasors by the act of 1935 .

Nevertheless , since Mr. Hurd 's July 1987 statement the Secretary of State has , for discretionary life sentence prisoners , adopted a policy of accepting the judicial view on tariff .
[in any case] , since mr. hurd 's july 1987 statement the secretary of state has , for discretionary life sentence prisoners , adopted a policy of accepting the judicial view on tariff .

The mother , notwithstanding what she had previously said about not taking the child out of the jurisdiction without an order of the court , nevertheless left Ontario for England on the very next day , 3 July 1991 .
the mother , notwithstanding what she had previously said about not taking the child out of the jurisdiction without an order of the court , [in any case] left ontario for england on the very next day , 3 july 1991 .

The majority of delegations have nevertheless said they are in favour of including such consequences within the scope of the law of contracts , but in order to take account of the opposition expressed provision has been made for any contracting state to enter a reservation on this matter : article 22 ( 1 ) ( b ) .
the majority of delegations have [in any case] said they are in favour of including such consequences within the scope of the law of contracts , but in order to take account of the opposition expressed provision has been made for any contracting state to enter a reservation on this matter : article 22 ( 1 ) ( b ) .

Mr. Beloff submits that the first question we have to answer is : is there any known rule of natural justice that a person who is not the subject of an administrative decision should nevertheless have the right to make representations before the decision is made ?
mr. beloff submits that the first question we have to answer is : is there any known rule of natural justice that a person who is not the subject of an administrative decision should [in any case] have the right to make representations before the decision is made ?

Nevertheless , in relation to costs to which section 51 ( 1 ) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 applies , the court has a statutory discretion .
[in any case] , in relation to costs to which section 51 ( 1 ) of the supreme court act 1981 applies , the court has a statutory discretion .

‘ it seems to me that it is not possible for a person in the position of the bank to exclude the discretion of the court , but one nevertheless starts from the position that the contractual position between the parties is that the costs will be paid on an indemnity basis .
‘ it seems to me that it is not possible for a person in the position of the bank to exclude the discretion of the court , but one [in any case] starts from the position that the contractual position between the parties is that the costs will be paid on an indemnity basis .

Nevertheless , having recognised and explored those disadvantages , we have thought it right not only de bene esse to hear this application , but now to decide it .
[in any case] , having recognised and explored those disadvantages , we have thought it right not only de bene esse to hear this application , but now to decide it .

He submitted that whilst it is relevant that the overall purpose and philosophy of the Convention should be borne in mind , nevertheless it is appropriate for the court to consider matters relating to the interests of the children .
he submitted that whilst it is relevant that the overall purpose and philosophy of the convention should be borne in mind , [in any case] it is appropriate for the court to consider matters relating to the interests of the children .

‘ Even if she was unaware of what she was signing , and the bank did not take adequate steps to explain the effect of her signature , nevertheless she can not succeed without proof of agency .
‘ even if she was unaware of what she was signing , and the bank did not take adequate steps to explain the effect of her signature , [in any case] she can not succeed without proof of agency .

Nevertheless , since the subject is of some general importance in Hong Kong the Board was invited to express an opinion upon it .
[in any case] , since the subject is of some general importance in hong kong the board was invited to express an opinion upon it .

Nevertheless , it is accepted that , appearing as they do in a penal statute , they fall to be construed narrowly rather than widely .
[in any case] , it is accepted that , appearing as they do in a penal statute , they fall to be construed narrowly rather than widely .

Mr. Gardiner submitted as an alternative that even if the Woolwich principle did not apply , nevertheless the payment to the revenue was made under duress and was therefore recoverable .
mr. gardiner submitted as an alternative that even if the woolwich principle did not apply , [in any case] the payment to the revenue was made under duress and was therefore recoverable .

On behalf of the applicant , Mr. Fitzgerald submitted that a death due to ‘ natural causes ’ in the sense that it was caused by some naturally occurring disease , nevertheless becomes ‘ an unnatural death ’ within the meaning of section 8 ( 1 ) ( a ) when it could and should have been prevented by the performance by some other person or authority of a duty owed by them to the deceased .
on behalf of the applicant , mr. fitzgerald submitted that a death due to ‘ natural causes ’ in the sense that it was caused by some naturally occurring disease , [in any case] becomes ‘ an unnatural death ’ within the meaning of section 8 ( 1 ) ( a ) when it could and should have been prevented by the performance by some other person or authority of a duty owed by them to the deceased .

‘ Nevertheless it has to be recognised that there is an unbroken series of dicta in judgments of appellate courts to the effect that there is a judicial discretion to exclude admissible evidence which has been ‘ obtained ’ unfairly or by trickery or oppressively , although except in Reg .
‘ [in any case] it has to be recognised that there is an unbroken series of dicta in judgments of appellate courts to the effect that there is a judicial discretion to exclude admissible evidence which has been ‘ obtained ’ unfairly or by trickery or oppressively , although except in reg .

‘ Nevertheless , the converse does not follow that in this type of action the court in granting an interim injunction ought always to require an undertaking as to damages from the Crown .
‘ [in any case] , the converse does not follow that in this type of action the court in granting an interim injunction ought always to require an undertaking as to damages from the crown .

’ Nevertheless , prosecuting counsel maintained his position and took no further part .
’ [in any case] , prosecuting counsel maintained his position and took no further part .

Before this Board the commissioner advanced two main submissions , namely : ( 1 ) that the business of the bank was one and indivisible since all the profit earning operations were directed from Hong Kong by staff therein employed , no overseas branch of the bank was involved and the funds employed in the purchase of the certificates of deposit arose from the carrying on of the business in Hong Kong ; and ( 2 ) that in any event , even if the sale and purchase of certificates of deposit failed to be treated as separate operations , nevertheless the profits from these operations arose in Hong Kong .
before this board the commissioner advanced two main submissions , namely : ( 1 ) that the business of the bank was one and indivisible since all the profit earning operations were directed from hong kong by staff therein employed , no overseas branch of the bank was involved and the funds employed in the purchase of the certificates of deposit arose from the carrying on of the business in hong kong ; and ( 2 ) that in any event , even if the sale and purchase of certificates of deposit failed to be treated as separate operations , [in any case] the profits from these operations arose in hong kong .

Nevertheless , it is important that the cells are not permanently obscured by , for example , seagull droppings or dirt .
[in any case] , it is important that the cells are not permanently obscured by , for example , seagull droppings or dirt .

Nevertheless , this year 's rally looks set to gain from the St Lucia connection , which has been cemented by a three-year contract .
[in any case] , this year 's rally looks set to gain from the st lucia connection , which has been cemented by a three-year contract .

The coins themselves spanned the period 14th to 17th centuries and four of them were of quite high denomination for the period they were in circulation ; not the highest value coin available , but nevertheless high .
the coins themselves spanned the period 14th to 17th centuries and four of them were of quite high denomination for the period they were in circulation ; not the highest value coin available , but [in any case] high .

Some hours of searching brought to light a few finds , these being small targets but nevertheless interesting ones .
some hours of searching brought to light a few finds , these being small targets but [in any case] interesting ones .

Nevertheless , one pound coins are still lost at a rate of tens of thousands per year .
[in any case] , one pound coins are still lost at a rate of tens of thousands per year .

Nevertheless , the shooter was offered nearly £4,000 for his trophy , and he got his name in the paper , although police now say they ca n't trace either him or the bird .
[in any case] , the shooter was offered nearly £4,000 for his trophy , and he got his name in the paper , although police now say they ca n't trace either him or the bird .

They can nevertheless do or not do various things that diminish its effects or progress .
they can [in any case] do or not do various things that diminish its effects or progress .

Even in this restricted form it is possible to write essentially different programs which are nevertheless semantically equivalent .
even in this restricted form it is possible to write essentially different programs which are [in any case] semantically equivalent .

Nevertheless , it is helpful to have some underlying semantics by which to judge the laws .
[in any case] , it is helpful to have some underlying semantics by which to judge the laws .

Nevertheless , the algebraic laws can give rise to complex and unexpected interactions , leading to a danger that too many programs will be equated .
[in any case] , the algebraic laws can give rise to complex and unexpected interactions , leading to a danger that too many programs will be equated .

Nevertheless , there are a number of practical applications for the laws described in this paper : proving programs equivalent to one another , transforming programs to make them more efficient , and transforming programs to a restricted syntax for special applications . In the three following subsections we examine their potential for these applications. ,
[in any case] , there are a number of practical applications for the laws described in this paper : proving programs equivalent to one another , transforming programs to make them more efficient , and transforming programs to a restricted syntax for special applications . in the three following subsections we examine their potential for these applications. ,

Nevertheless it is a substitution that can be made in a number of contexts where at least one of c and d is used for internal communication .
[in any case] it is a substitution that can be made in a number of contexts where at least one of c and d is used for internal communication .

Although it all sprang from God 's initiative , it was nevertheless very much a two-sided affair .
although it all sprang from god 's initiative , it was [in any case] very much a two-sided affair .

John , whose Gospel scheme does not include , except by implication , the story of what the church , equipped with the Holy Spirit , achieved , and therefore could not make room for Pentecost ( as Luke does at the outset of his second volume ) , nevertheless makes the same point with considerable clarity In the first chapter of his Gospel he stresses that the Spirit rests exclusively upon Jesus , the fulfilment of the messianic hopes of the Old Testament for the bearer of the Spirit .
john , whose gospel scheme does not include , except by implication , the story of what the church , equipped with the holy spirit , achieved , and therefore could not make room for pentecost ( as luke does at the outset of his second volume ) , [in any case] makes the same point with considerable clarity in the first chapter of his gospel he stresses that the spirit rests exclusively upon jesus , the fulfilment of the messianic hopes of the old testament for the bearer of the spirit .

Nevertheless it was the possession of the Spirit that set Jesus apart as the messianic Son of God , and brought the voice from heaven at his baptism ‘ Thou art my Son ’ .
[in any case] it was the possession of the spirit that set jesus apart as the messianic son of god , and brought the voice from heaven at his baptism ‘ thou art my son ’ .

Seabury nevertheless decided to tackle it , and thrust a harpoon deep into the creature 's neck .
seabury [in any case] decided to tackle it , and thrust a harpoon deep into the creature 's neck .

Nevertheless he looks mildly concerned when he relates that his son has , to his surprise , decided to live in the city .
[in any case] he looks mildly concerned when he relates that his son has , to his surprise , decided to live in the city .

meekly deferred to , was nevertheless a charade .
meekly deferred to , was [in any case] a charade .

For their part , although the die-hard aristocratic opponents of change were desperately anxious about opening the floodgates , they nevertheless came to see that the price of resistance was becoming too high and might even bring disaster and revolution .
for their part , although the die-hard aristocratic opponents of change were desperately anxious about opening the floodgates , they [in any case] came to see that the price of resistance was becoming too high and might even bring disaster and revolution .

The efficient parts were not perceived as significant and powerful by the public but they nevertheless had power and `` governed the many `` .
the efficient parts were not perceived as significant and powerful by the public but they [in any case] had power and `` governed the many `` .

Left-inclined critics , whilst recognising that political inactivity can be construed as a measure of satisfaction and power for certain interests , nevertheless argue that this is not the case for all interests and in many cases they regard inactivity as symptomatic of a powerlessness and fatalism which renders any activity pointless .
left-inclined critics , whilst recognising that political inactivity can be construed as a measure of satisfaction and power for certain interests , [in any case] argue that this is not the case for all interests and in many cases they regard inactivity as symptomatic of a powerlessness and fatalism which renders any activity pointless .

Be this as it may , the constitutional authorities who support the introduction of a Bill of Rights to limit Parliament , government , and the state , nevertheless recognise that it calls for a fundamental constitutional change if it is to be more than just a pious declaration of good intent .
be this as it may , the constitutional authorities who support the introduction of a bill of rights to limit parliament , government , and the state , [in any case] recognise that it calls for a fundamental constitutional change if it is to be more than just a pious declaration of good intent .

Nevertheless , many sales forecasters will need to predict the general movement of the relevant cycle during the forthcoming year .
[in any case] , many sales forecasters will need to predict the general movement of the relevant cycle during the forthcoming year .

Nevertheless , parents will often impose their judgement , for instance condemning some pop music as `` decadent `` or just plain crude , and insisting that some children 's food brands are a rip-off !
[in any case] , parents will often impose their judgement , for instance condemning some pop music as `` decadent `` or just plain crude , and insisting that some children 's food brands are a rip-off !

Nevertheless , skin care assumes considerable importance in the woman 's mind , so that even a secondary association can be a significant one .
[in any case] , skin care assumes considerable importance in the woman 's mind , so that even a secondary association can be a significant one .

Two other characteristics which mostly attracted indirect mention but which , nevertheless , were important included : purity , in the sense of not containing other substances ; dependability in the sense that the product can always be relied upon to meet the mothers ' standard ( viz softness , non-irritant , pure ) .
two other characteristics which mostly attracted indirect mention but which , [in any case] , were important included : purity , in the sense of not containing other substances ; dependability in the sense that the product can always be relied upon to meet the mothers ' standard ( viz softness , non-irritant , pure ) .

Nevertheless , it is worth repeating that their essential role is to assist and augment the processes of market analysis , research , segmentation and forecasting .
[in any case] , it is worth repeating that their essential role is to assist and augment the processes of market analysis , research , segmentation and forecasting .

Nevertheless , the lyrics are the only thing which spoil the flavour , rambling on without saying much , and ‘ Apple Green ’ is proof that the Brothers are n't a spent force just yet .
[in any case] , the lyrics are the only thing which spoil the flavour , rambling on without saying much , and ‘ apple green ’ is proof that the brothers are n't a spent force just yet .

In science and the humanities this constituency is small , but is nevertheless important ; in mathematics it is much smaller .
in science and the humanities this constituency is small , but is [in any case] important ; in mathematics it is much smaller .

Nevertheless , it is possible to identify a number of matters which are likely to demand much attention in the early nineties .
[in any case] , it is possible to identify a number of matters which are likely to demand much attention in the early nineties .

Nevertheless the dividing line between the musicians who composed both Latin and English church music and those who composed only English music must be drawn not between Catholics and Protestants but between generations .
[in any case] the dividing line between the musicians who composed both latin and english church music and those who composed only english music must be drawn not between catholics and protestants but between generations .

Nevertheless it is hoped that this analysis will provide a framework within which the detailed practice of other unit staff can be examined .
[in any case] it is hoped that this analysis will provide a framework within which the detailed practice of other unit staff can be examined .

Nevertheless , the pupils did acknowledge that not all teachers held negative attitudes towards their ethnicity .
[in any case] , the pupils did acknowledge that not all teachers held negative attitudes towards their ethnicity .

It is hoped , nevertheless , that this will encourage students of accounting and finance to be bold in pursuing connections between their own subject and others involved in the study of management .
it is hoped , [in any case] , that this will encourage students of accounting and finance to be bold in pursuing connections between their own subject and others involved in the study of management .

Porter points out , nevertheless , that industry structures do change over time , perhaps due to technological or other developments , and that the firm itself may , through its competitive strategy , change the structure either inadvertently or not .
porter points out , [in any case] , that industry structures do change over time , perhaps due to technological or other developments , and that the firm itself may , through its competitive strategy , change the structure either inadvertently or not .

Nevertheless , he could learn from Kaplan .
[in any case] , he could learn from kaplan .

Nevertheless , the approach described does indicate an area in which there might be considerable expansion of the accounting function .
[in any case] , the approach described does indicate an area in which there might be considerable expansion of the accounting function .

Nevertheless , the recognition that one is investing in a strategic option may help focus attention upon relevant matters .
[in any case] , the recognition that one is investing in a strategic option may help focus attention upon relevant matters .

Quinn sees large companies as similar to large rivers slowly moving in given directions , but containing within them various ebbs , flows and eddies which , while they do not necessarily contribute in any direct analytical way to the general direction , nevertheless in aggregate help to determine it .
quinn sees large companies as similar to large rivers slowly moving in given directions , but containing within them various ebbs , flows and eddies which , while they do not necessarily contribute in any direct analytical way to the general direction , [in any case] in aggregate help to determine it .

Nevertheless , actions taken under such stress are often irreversible and set new bounds for strategy in future .
[in any case] , actions taken under such stress are often irreversible and set new bounds for strategy in future .

Nevertheless , both approaches offer ways of thinking about the values guiding organization participants ' behaviour .
[in any case] , both approaches offer ways of thinking about the values guiding organization participants ' behaviour .

Nevertheless , one of their licencees had requested this and , since it was a lucrative contract , Bernard had told him to go ahead and produce it .
[in any case] , one of their licencees had requested this and , since it was a lucrative contract , bernard had told him to go ahead and produce it .

Nevertheless , tension seemed to tighten the air between them .
[in any case] , tension seemed to tighten the air between them .

Although these figures have not been reached , the polytechnics have nevertheless become quite large institutions and now each caters for an average of over 4,000 full-time and sandwich students .
although these figures have not been reached , the polytechnics have [in any case] become quite large institutions and now each caters for an average of over 4,000 full-time and sandwich students .

But it preyed on his mind , nevertheless .
but it preyed on his mind , [in any case] .

Dougal nevertheless remembered that the army had trained Lorton in the efficient use of violence ; and that subsequently he had sold those skills to the highest bidder .
dougal [in any case] remembered that the army had trained lorton in the efficient use of violence ; and that subsequently he had sold those skills to the highest bidder .

Georgina 's door was closed , but nevertheless the sound was audible throughout the office .
georgina 's door was closed , but [in any case] the sound was audible throughout the office .

There were nevertheless many women who never married .
there were [in any case] many women who never married .

’ Nevertheless , by the end of the inter-war period the working class fertility rate was dropping as rapidly as that of the middle class , with the result that the two-child family was fast ceasing to be a middle class phenomenon .
’ [in any case] , by the end of the inter-war period the working class fertility rate was dropping as rapidly as that of the middle class , with the result that the two-child family was fast ceasing to be a middle class phenomenon .

In older working class communities , where neither housing conditions nor wages permitted such total devotion to housewifery , it nevertheless appeared that on the whole standards of housekeeping were high .
in older working class communities , where neither housing conditions nor wages permitted such total devotion to housewifery , it [in any case] appeared that on the whole standards of housekeeping were high .

Nevertheless , during the 1900s , John Burns , the President of the Local Government Board and of the Conference on Infant Mortality , continued to call for legal restrictions on married women 's work .
[in any case] , during the 1900s , john burns , the president of the local government board and of the conference on infant mortality , continued to call for legal restrictions on married women 's work .

Nevertheless , working class women could still filter out useful information from a visit to a School for Mothers , and as the local authorities increasingly came to take over the Schools and Babies ' Welcomes and turn them into infant welfare centres , so they became more acceptable to working class women .
[in any case] , working class women could still filter out useful information from a visit to a school for mothers , and as the local authorities increasingly came to take over the schools and babies ' welcomes and turn them into infant welfare centres , so they became more acceptable to working class women .

Nevertheless , the numbers of women receiving outdoor relief decreased from 166,407 on 1 January 1871 to 53,371 on 1 January 1892 , and the numbers of widows in the same category fell from 53,502 on 1 January 1873 to 36,627 on 1 January 1892 .
[in any case] , the numbers of women receiving outdoor relief decreased from 166,407 on 1 january 1871 to 53,371 on 1 january 1892 , and the numbers of widows in the same category fell from 53,502 on 1 january 1873 to 36,627 on 1 january 1892 .

Nevertheless a 1914 government report cited the case of a woman found guilty of cruelty for locking her children up in one room while she went out to work for 10/ a week .
[in any case] a 1914 government report cited the case of a woman found guilty of cruelty for locking her children up in one room while she went out to work for 10/ a week .

While marriage represented the only means to a livelihood for a majority of middle class women , most of whom were but poorly educated , it was nevertheless not ‘ done ’ for a young woman to solicit male attention . In 1897 Mona Caird vividly outlined the social dilemma of the woman forced to marry for a living :
while marriage represented the only means to a livelihood for a majority of middle class women , most of whom were but poorly educated , it was [in any case] not ‘ done ’ for a young woman to solicit male attention . in 1897 mona caird vividly outlined the social dilemma of the woman forced to marry for a living :

Women who did not deliberately choose to remain single out of conviction or because they wished to pursue a career , but who nevertheless ‘ got left on the shelf , were often made to feel that they were failures .
women who did not deliberately choose to remain single out of conviction or because they wished to pursue a career , but who [in any case] ‘ got left on the shelf , were often made to feel that they were failures .

Nevertheless , considerable changes did take place in regard to the nature of marriage .
[in any case] , considerable changes did take place in regard to the nature of marriage .

It is nevertheless likely that more middle class women accepted than resisted the experts ' view of their physiology and psychology , though they may also have passed those views through their own filter .
it is [in any case] likely that more middle class women accepted than resisted the experts ' view of their physiology and psychology , though they may also have passed those views through their own filter .

Women who were inspired neither by feminism nor revulsion against the prescribed role of the middle class wife and mother , but who nevertheless found a sense of purpose in philanthropy , often wrote of their work with a cloying sentimentality and in terms that reveal a strange mixture of humility ( expressed in religious terms ) ; insecurity , class superiority and a grim determination to do God 's will .
women who were inspired neither by feminism nor revulsion against the prescribed role of the middle class wife and mother , but who [in any case] found a sense of purpose in philanthropy , often wrote of their work with a cloying sentimentality and in terms that reveal a strange mixture of humility ( expressed in religious terms ) ; insecurity , class superiority and a grim determination to do god 's will .

Nevertheless , running through all feminist writing is a fundamental regard for female dignity , development and autonomy .
[in any case] , running through all feminist writing is a fundamental regard for female dignity , development and autonomy .

Nevertheless Cubism is not a system , and the differences which characterize not only the talent but the styles of these artists , are an obvious proof of it .
[in any case] cubism is not a system , and the differences which characterize not only the talent but the styles of these artists , are an obvious proof of it .

Nevertheless , there are many things about the Demoiselles that serve to relate it to other painting of the period and , more particularly , to the contemporary work of Matisse .
[in any case] , there are many things about the demoiselles that serve to relate it to other painting of the period and , more particularly , to the contemporary work of matisse .

Nevertheless , the liberties taken with the human body , the overall composition and the way in which the figures are closely grouped together in shallow depth and intimately related to their surroundings , all these things indicate a debt , however remote , to the Cézanne Baigneuses .
[in any case] , the liberties taken with the human body , the overall composition and the way in which the figures are closely grouped together in shallow depth and intimately related to their surroundings , all these things indicate a debt , however remote , to the cézanne baigneuses .

Nevertheless , in the last analysis he was most influenced by the composite picture he had formed of Iberian art he had seen , although one particular head which remained in the Louvre seems especially relevant to the central figures of the great canvas .
[in any case] , in the last analysis he was most influenced by the composite picture he had formed of iberian art he had seen , although one particular head which remained in the louvre seems especially relevant to the central figures of the great canvas .

Nevertheless , it is dangerous and indeed impossible to push too far the analogies between the heads of the two outer demoiselles and various particular kinds of tribal art .
[in any case] , it is dangerous and indeed impossible to push too far the analogies between the heads of the two outer demoiselles and various particular kinds of tribal art .

Braque may have been at first bewildered by the Demoiselles d'Avignon , but he nevertheless responded to its stimulus , most immediately perhaps in the pen and ink drawing of three nudes published in 1910 as La Femme : the central figure , seated on her haunches , is a clear reference to the squatting Demoiselle , although the composition as a whole curiously anticipates that of Picasso 's Three Women .
braque may have been at first bewildered by the demoiselles d'avignon , but he [in any case] responded to its stimulus , most immediately perhaps in the pen and ink drawing of three nudes published in 1910 as la femme : the central figure , seated on her haunches , is a clear reference to the squatting demoiselle , although the composition as a whole curiously anticipates that of picasso 's three women .

It fits uncomfortably into Braque 's oeuvre but it is nevertheless a milestone in the history of Cubism .
it fits uncomfortably into braque 's oeuvre but it is [in any case] a milestone in the history of cubism .

The true Cubists , on the other hand , while they made their discoveries intuitively , were nevertheless very conscious of the fact that they were the beginning of something completely new ; in a sense they were anti-traditionalists .
the true cubists , on the other hand , while they made their discoveries intuitively , were [in any case] very conscious of the fact that they were the beginning of something completely new ; in a sense they were anti-traditionalists .

In the first place Braque had detached himself from visual appearances to a much greater extent than Cézanne , who while he was obviously very much aware ( if only instinctively ) of the purely formal or abstract side of painting , relied nevertheless , in his still lifes and landscapes , on an exhaustive study of the ‘ motif ’ as his point of departure , although it is worth mentioning that in his articles Emile Bernard had suggested that Cézanne 's vision ‘ was much more in his brain than in his eye ’ .
in the first place braque had detached himself from visual appearances to a much greater extent than cézanne , who while he was obviously very much aware ( if only instinctively ) of the purely formal or abstract side of painting , relied [in any case] , in his still lifes and landscapes , on an exhaustive study of the ‘ motif ’ as his point of departure , although it is worth mentioning that in his articles emile bernard had suggested that cézanne 's vision ‘ was much more in his brain than in his eye ’ .

Nevertheless , Cézanne had intuitively evolved a means of explaining the nature of solid forms in a new , very thorough way .
[in any case] , cézanne had intuitively evolved a means of explaining the nature of solid forms in a new , very thorough way .

Nevertheless , Picasso 's bronze Head is in many ways a revolutionary work .
[in any case] , picasso 's bronze head is in many ways a revolutionary work .

When writing on a less metaphysical level , and in face of the paintings themselves , even Apollinaire had to admit that the subject played an important part , and that the realism of the movement lay in its attempt to make a totally new but nevertheless very concrete statement about the visual world .
when writing on a less metaphysical level , and in face of the paintings themselves , even apollinaire had to admit that the subject played an important part , and that the realism of the movement lay in its attempt to make a totally new but [in any case] very concrete statement about the visual world .

Picasso worked from a photograph he had taken of his friend and dealer who recorded that Picasso nevertheless demanded some twenty sittings .
picasso worked from a photograph he had taken of his friend and dealer who recorded that picasso [in any case] demanded some twenty sittings .

Nevertheless she was rammed , split .
[in any case] she was rammed , split .

Nevertheless , these are seen as modifications within the traditional adjudicatory framework .
[in any case] , these are seen as modifications within the traditional adjudicatory framework .

For example , an office held at pleasure might nevertheless be subject to procedural fairness where the statutory scheme would be less effective if the right to be heard were not implied .
for example , an office held at pleasure might [in any case] be subject to procedural fairness where the statutory scheme would be less effective if the right to be heard were not implied .

Nevertheless , provided that he has , or may appear to have an influence on the decision given , then that will be sufficient to render the determination invalid .
[in any case] , provided that he has , or may appear to have an influence on the decision given , then that will be sufficient to render the determination invalid .

Overlapping with , but nevertheless separate from the mixture of function between prosecutor and judge , is the difficulty that administrators of a particular scheme may well have ‘ strong views ’ or ‘ preconceived ideas ’ concerning the subject-matter before them .
overlapping with , but [in any case] separate from the mixture of function between prosecutor and judge , is the difficulty that administrators of a particular scheme may well have ‘ strong views ’ or ‘ preconceived ideas ’ concerning the subject-matter before them .

While , as stated , some of the concepts used now have their origins in the nineteenth century and earlier , there were nevertheless different views taken of how far the courts ought to be reviewing tribunals and other inferior bodies .
while , as stated , some of the concepts used now have their origins in the nineteenth century and earlier , there were [in any case] different views taken of how far the courts ought to be reviewing tribunals and other inferior bodies .

Nevertheless , as Davis points out , a number of factors have influenced the judicial choice .
[in any case] , as davis points out , a number of factors have influenced the judicial choice .

Nevertheless they are completely official .
[in any case] they are completely official .

Nevertheless , ratios themselves require standards of comparison if an organization is to compare its performance with its competitors , and these standards are not always available .
[in any case] , ratios themselves require standards of comparison if an organization is to compare its performance with its competitors , and these standards are not always available .

Nevertheless , such activities can contribute significantly to an organization 's public image .
[in any case] , such activities can contribute significantly to an organization 's public image .

Codes do not have the force of law in their own right , but are nevertheless very influential when a court is determining the rights and wrongs of a situation .
codes do not have the force of law in their own right , but are [in any case] very influential when a court is determining the rights and wrongs of a situation .

Nevertheless he made a few feints out of sheer exuberance , suggested a turn with his hips , moved at right-angles to his forward path with no loss of speed , changed step three times in successive strides , kicking hard on the last change and accelerating away in the joy of being able to run for ever .
[in any case] he made a few feints out of sheer exuberance , suggested a turn with his hips , moved at right-angles to his forward path with no loss of speed , changed step three times in successive strides , kicking hard on the last change and accelerating away in the joy of being able to run for ever .

Nevertheless , symptoms of acid deposition effects on deciduous trees include leaf discoloration , early leaf fall , death of tree-tops ( crown dieback ) and damage to the bark , as well as lack of rejuvenation .
[in any case] , symptoms of acid deposition effects on deciduous trees include leaf discoloration , early leaf fall , death of tree-tops ( crown dieback ) and damage to the bark , as well as lack of rejuvenation .

Nevertheless , it is an approach employed by many countries : it was first used by the Soviet Union in 1951 , but it is the United States with which this strategy is most associated and which has made known its advantages and disadvantages .
[in any case] , it is an approach employed by many countries : it was first used by the soviet union in 1951 , but it is the united states with which this strategy is most associated and which has made known its advantages and disadvantages .

Nevertheless , some progress is being made in assessing the costs and benefits associated with even the most complex pollution problems , such as visibility degradation .
[in any case] , some progress is being made in assessing the costs and benefits associated with even the most complex pollution problems , such as visibility degradation .

Nevertheless , although the state of the environment was no longer viewed as the crisis issue that it was in 1969–70 , public support for environmental protection remained considerably stronger throughout the 1970s than it was prior to the emergence of the environmental movement ( Anthony , 1982 ) .
[in any case] , although the state of the environment was no longer viewed as the crisis issue that it was in 1969–70 , public support for environmental protection remained considerably stronger throughout the 1970s than it was prior to the emergence of the environmental movement ( anthony , 1982 ) .

Nevertheless , the Act allowed states to set more stringent standards if they wished to do so .
[in any case] , the act allowed states to set more stringent standards if they wished to do so .

Nevertheless , and irrespective of the debate on the degree of influence of annual weather variations on long-term ozone trends , the fact that 101 areas in the country failed to meet the 0.12 ppm ozone standard in 1988 is extremely worrying .
[in any case] , and irrespective of the debate on the degree of influence of annual weather variations on long-term ozone trends , the fact that 101 areas in the country failed to meet the 0.12 ppm ozone standard in 1988 is extremely worrying .

For the scientific sections , there are merely notes and abstracts of papers , which nevertheless occupy 176 pages ; they are separately paginated and indexed from the formal reports , which makes these publications confusing to cite .
for the scientific sections , there are merely notes and abstracts of papers , which [in any case] occupy 176 pages ; they are separately paginated and indexed from the formal reports , which makes these publications confusing to cite .

Nevertheless , museums were among the first scientific institutions to receive direct government support for science , and particularly for scientific research .
[in any case] , museums were among the first scientific institutions to receive direct government support for science , and particularly for scientific research .

Nevertheless , however strong the churches remained , there were many sympathetic who believed that they were crumbling , and felt sad , nostalgic or alarmed about it .
[in any case] , however strong the churches remained , there were many sympathetic who believed that they were crumbling , and felt sad , nostalgic or alarmed about it .

Nevertheless , it seems probable that the scientific spirit , at least as seen by non-scientists , encouraged more critical and liberal attitudes to religion ; this can be seen in the Hibbert Lectures , which began in 1878 .
[in any case] , it seems probable that the scientific spirit , at least as seen by non-scientists , encouraged more critical and liberal attitudes to religion ; this can be seen in the hibbert lectures , which began in 1878 .

Nevertheless , while many administrative shortcomings have been identified , the scrutiny technique does have inherent limitations .
[in any case] , while many administrative shortcomings have been identified , the scrutiny technique does have inherent limitations .

Nevertheless , while some impact has been made , overall progress has been limited .
[in any case] , while some impact has been made , overall progress has been limited .

Nevertheless , progress has been made .
[in any case] , progress has been made .

Nevertheless , despite the advent of ‘ contracting out ’ , local authorities still carry out over fifty functions ; indeed , the average British citizen probably has more contact with the state through the services provided by local government than through the outputs of any other level of public administration .
[in any case] , despite the advent of ‘ contracting out ’ , local authorities still carry out over fifty functions ; indeed , the average british citizen probably has more contact with the state through the services provided by local government than through the outputs of any other level of public administration .

Although invariably fewer , smaller , and less multifunctional than central governmental departments , the differences are relative and problems of co-ordination both within and between departments are nevertheless frequently found within local authorities .
although invariably fewer , smaller , and less multifunctional than central governmental departments , the differences are relative and problems of co-ordination both within and between departments are [in any case] frequently found within local authorities .

Not a single authority implemented Maud 's ‘ Cabinet style ’ solution in its entirety ; nevertheless , many streamlined their committee structures and some even established policy co-ordinating committees .
not a single authority implemented maud 's ‘ cabinet style ’ solution in its entirety ; [in any case] , many streamlined their committee structures and some even established policy co-ordinating committees .

Nevertheless , whether corporate planning has become a reality is a separate issue .
[in any case] , whether corporate planning has become a reality is a separate issue .

It must nevertheless be stressed that the figure above is an average ; individual localities often have distinctive patterns , and many Labour dominated authorities do have a high proportion of working-class councillors .
it must [in any case] be stressed that the figure above is an average ; individual localities often have distinctive patterns , and many labour dominated authorities do have a high proportion of working-class councillors .

Nevertheless , specialist officers invariably have loyalties to their profession as well as to their employing authority and this further weakens the concept of a unified service .
[in any case] , specialist officers invariably have loyalties to their profession as well as to their employing authority and this further weakens the concept of a unified service .

Nevertheless , councillors , through lengthy service on committees , may acquire considerable knowledge of certain subject areas .
[in any case] , councillors , through lengthy service on committees , may acquire considerable knowledge of certain subject areas .

Nevertheless , councillors do have access ( via pressure groups , the media , party research departments and so on ) to alternative sources of information which can , in certain circumstances , enable them to challenge officers successfully .
[in any case] , councillors do have access ( via pressure groups , the media , party research departments and so on ) to alternative sources of information which can , in certain circumstances , enable them to challenge officers successfully .

Nevertheless , even given the increasing constraints imposed by the centre upon local authorities ( see Chapter 10 ) it is still important to recognize that the centre only narrows the scope of decision-making — it does not determine it .
[in any case] , even given the increasing constraints imposed by the centre upon local authorities ( see chapter 10 ) it is still important to recognize that the centre only narrows the scope of decision-making — it does not determine it .

Whilst the general power to cap the rates of all authorities has not yet been used , the switch in emphasis from concern with local government spending to local authority spending has nevertheless been marked .
whilst the general power to cap the rates of all authorities has not yet been used , the switch in emphasis from concern with local government spending to local authority spending has [in any case] been marked .

Nevertheless , while the government might successfully have enacted and implemented its rate-capping proposals , this was not achieved without considerable political cost .
[in any case] , while the government might successfully have enacted and implemented its rate-capping proposals , this was not achieved without considerable political cost .

Even if its intentions have not always been realized , the second half of the 1980s has nevertheless witnessed renewed determination by central government to exercise greater direction over local authorities .
even if its intentions have not always been realized , the second half of the 1980s has [in any case] witnessed renewed determination by central government to exercise greater direction over local authorities .

Nevertheless , most , if not all , of the organizations concerned carry out their work at arm 's length from central government departments and/or local authorities .
[in any case] , most , if not all , of the organizations concerned carry out their work at arm 's length from central government departments and/or local authorities .

Nevertheless , while quangos have clearly survived the first two Thatcher administrations , a precise head count is less easy than official figures might suggest .
[in any case] , while quangos have clearly survived the first two thatcher administrations , a precise head count is less easy than official figures might suggest .

The number of quangos in this classification , large though it is , nevertheless excludes important areas of quasi-government .
the number of quangos in this classification , large though it is , [in any case] excludes important areas of quasi-government .

Nevertheless , some important instruments of accountability to Parliament can be identified , although most apply to some quangos and not all .
[in any case] , some important instruments of accountability to parliament can be identified , although most apply to some quangos and not all .

Whether or not patronage is used in a party political manner , the non-departmental sector nevertheless ‘ affords the opportunity for government by co-option rather than by election or by merit appointment ’ ( Hood , 1978 , p. 41 ) .
whether or not patronage is used in a party political manner , the non-departmental sector [in any case] ‘ affords the opportunity for government by co-option rather than by election or by merit appointment ’ ( hood , 1978 , p. 41 ) .

Although essentially concerned with adapting centrally determined policy to local circumstances , and interfacing with relevant consumers , the professional expertise embedded in such bodies nevertheless provides opportunities to shape decision-making in some areas of public policy .
although essentially concerned with adapting centrally determined policy to local circumstances , and interfacing with relevant consumers , the professional expertise embedded in such bodies [in any case] provides opportunities to shape decision-making in some areas of public policy .

Though the elite may have to use ‘ political formulae ’ ( Mosca 's term ) to preserve popular illusions about their rule , they must nevertheless be clear-sighted and purposeful about themselves and their own capacities and , of course , about their own membership of a group holding power and united in this way .
though the elite may have to use ‘ political formulae ’ ( mosca 's term ) to preserve popular illusions about their rule , they must [in any case] be clear-sighted and purposeful about themselves and their own capacities and , of course , about their own membership of a group holding power and united in this way .

Though ultimately the methodological bases of such findings must induce caution in the researcher , nevertheless the findings may lead to plausible conclusions about the workings of elite groups in local communities , in particular about the economic base of the members and the support given to their power by specific cultural norms .
though ultimately the methodological bases of such findings must induce caution in the researcher , [in any case] the findings may lead to plausible conclusions about the workings of elite groups in local communities , in particular about the economic base of the members and the support given to their power by specific cultural norms .

They assert that though their ‘ non decision-making situation ’ ( ‘ preventing certain grievances from developing into full fledged issues ’ ) is not observable , being a non-event , nevertheless , the non-decision-making process is indeed observable since it consists of the mobilisation of bias around a latent issue , both of which are discernible .
they assert that though their ‘ non decision-making situation ’ ( ‘ preventing certain grievances from developing into full fledged issues ’ ) is not observable , being a non-event , [in any case] , the non-decision-making process is indeed observable since it consists of the mobilisation of bias around a latent issue , both of which are discernible .

Nevertheless she felt uneasy and was almost glad to hear that a second girl had been attacked in a different part of Liverpool .
[in any case] she felt uneasy and was almost glad to hear that a second girl had been attacked in a different part of liverpool .

Nevertheless , the figures give pause for thought .
[in any case] , the figures give pause for thought .

Nevertheless , our surveys showed schools undertaking a wide range of activities in pursuit of home-school rapport and cooperation , particularly where younger children were concerned , and many schools went well beyond the obvious activities like information exchange , open days and social events to pursue more adventurous and long-term programmes .
[in any case] , our surveys showed schools undertaking a wide range of activities in pursuit of home-school rapport and cooperation , particularly where younger children were concerned , and many schools went well beyond the obvious activities like information exchange , open days and social events to pursue more adventurous and long-term programmes .

Nevertheless , historically , local authorities have had considerable independence , more at some times than others ( Foster et al .
[in any case] , historically , local authorities have had considerable independence , more at some times than others ( foster et al .

This model accepts the virtues of plurality and local independence , and argues that a competitive local government is in the end a more efficient system ; nevertheless , it does not believe consensus on policy is realistic or desirable .
this model accepts the virtues of plurality and local independence , and argues that a competitive local government is in the end a more efficient system ; [in any case] , it does not believe consensus on policy is realistic or desirable .

Nevertheless , over time many authorities ' spending patterns do tend to be perpetuated ; the high spenders on education remain high spenders , the low spenders on services for the elderly remain laggards .
[in any case] , over time many authorities ' spending patterns do tend to be perpetuated ; the high spenders on education remain high spenders , the low spenders on services for the elderly remain laggards .

Nevertheless , some workers do clearly have some freedom , to earn bonus payments and undertake piecework , to vary effort with reward .
[in any case] , some workers do clearly have some freedom , to earn bonus payments and undertake piecework , to vary effort with reward .

Nevertheless , there are limits to the extent that charity can be an effective form of financing social welfare .
[in any case] , there are limits to the extent that charity can be an effective form of financing social welfare .

Nevertheless , such impersonal giving has its disadvantages .
[in any case] , such impersonal giving has its disadvantages .

Nevertheless , Boswell enlightened his readers regarding ‘ The thickness of the walls , the small slaunting windows , and a great iron door at the entrance to the second story as you ascend the stairs , all indicate the rude times in which this castle was erected .
[in any case] , boswell enlightened his readers regarding ‘ the thickness of the walls , the small slaunting windows , and a great iron door at the entrance to the second story as you ascend the stairs , all indicate the rude times in which this castle was erected .

Nevertheless , his energy of observation remained constant and again inclined towards the economics of the area : he contemplated one piece of land , a ‘ watery flat ’ , that seemed to have natural drainage possibilities — ‘ it had a visible declivity ’ ; although he allowed that even if he felt it could be reclaimed without ‘ difficulty or expense ’ , these were relative terms .
[in any case] , his energy of observation remained constant and again inclined towards the economics of the area : he contemplated one piece of land , a ‘ watery flat ’ , that seemed to have natural drainage possibilities — ‘ it had a visible declivity ’ ; although he allowed that even if he felt it could be reclaimed without ‘ difficulty or expense ’ , these were relative terms .

Nevertheless , the events of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries established a crucial background for the diffusion of Marxist ideas .
[in any case] , the events of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries established a crucial background for the diffusion of marxist ideas .

Nevertheless , by 1935 , the definitively Stalinised Comintern and its network of party faithful comprised the main organisational basis of Marxism in Latin America , and therefore provided a vital touchstone for all other sectors of the Left , which were forced to define themselves in relation to its characterisation of the Latin American revolution .
[in any case] , by 1935 , the definitively stalinised comintern and its network of party faithful comprised the main organisational basis of marxism in latin america , and therefore provided a vital touchstone for all other sectors of the left , which were forced to define themselves in relation to its characterisation of the latin american revolution .

Nevertheless , there is no doubt that Guevarism and other currents of thought have been influential in forcing established Communist parties to rethink their role and recognise the need to be far more responsive than hitherto to the specific circumstances of their own country .
[in any case] , there is no doubt that guevarism and other currents of thought have been influential in forcing established communist parties to rethink their role and recognise the need to be far more responsive than hitherto to the specific circumstances of their own country .

Nevertheless , it appears that ’ the Intelligence community was split on Cuba .
[in any case] , it appears that ’ the intelligence community was split on cuba .

Nevertheless , the Russians were left in no doubt that they had blundered in their relationship with Castro .
[in any case] , the russians were left in no doubt that they had blundered in their relationship with castro .

‘ Nevertheless , ’ Artai said , ‘ We have issued our order for the watch to be strengthened . ’
‘ [in any case] , ’ artai said , ‘ we have issued our order for the watch to be strengthened . ’

Nevertheless , several of their assertions provide useful talking points .
[in any case] , several of their assertions provide useful talking points .

Nevertheless , these authors do list those characteristics of the ‘ strike setting ’ which they consider most conducive to violence ( Thieblot and Haggard , 1983:10–11 ) .
[in any case] , these authors do list those characteristics of the ‘ strike setting ’ which they consider most conducive to violence ( thieblot and haggard , 1983:10–11 ) .

Nevertheless , it is possible to combine the most feasible aspects of a number of these theories into a reasonably coherent explanation of football hooliganism .
[in any case] , it is possible to combine the most feasible aspects of a number of these theories into a reasonably coherent explanation of football hooliganism .

Nevertheless , analyses of media coverage of disorder have consistently found more similarities than differences in media coverage .
[in any case] , analyses of media coverage of disorder have consistently found more similarities than differences in media coverage .

Laws and conventions constrain the broadcast media , who may nevertheless reproduce the voices of those who can adopt such a stance .
laws and conventions constrain the broadcast media , who may [in any case] reproduce the voices of those who can adopt such a stance .

Nevertheless , some of the tension which existed between the police and black communities in the 1960s appears to have been relieved by an increase in the number of elected black politicians and their moderating influence on police policy : ‘ The growth of elected and appointed black people in the political system means that racialist and violent police behaviour comes to be more and more criticised and highlighted ’ ( Kilson , 1987:59 ) .
[in any case] , some of the tension which existed between the police and black communities in the 1960s appears to have been relieved by an increase in the number of elected black politicians and their moderating influence on police policy : ‘ the growth of elected and appointed black people in the political system means that racialist and violent police behaviour comes to be more and more criticised and highlighted ’ ( kilson , 1987:59 ) .

Nevertheless , in accordance with the regulations of the shipping company , they had all been obliged to buy return tickets .
[in any case] , in accordance with the regulations of the shipping company , they had all been obliged to buy return tickets .

Stephen Spender divides writers into ‘ contemporaries ’ and ‘ moderns ’ ( 1962:555 ) ; Malcolm Bradbury distinguishes between the main current of fiction and peripheral but nevertheless important work by people like Samuel Beckett , Malcolm Lowry , William Golding , and Lawrence Durrell ( 1973 ) ; and Iris Murdoch draws a distinction between the ‘ journalistic ’ and the ‘ crystalline ’ which delineates similar categories .
stephen spender divides writers into ‘ contemporaries ’ and ‘ moderns ’ ( 1962:555 ) ; malcolm bradbury distinguishes between the main current of fiction and peripheral but [in any case] important work by people like samuel beckett , malcolm lowry , william golding , and lawrence durrell ( 1973 ) ; and iris murdoch draws a distinction between the ‘ journalistic ’ and the ‘ crystalline ’ which delineates similar categories .

Nevertheless , this is a point on which her novels defy easy assimilation to those of Iris Murdoch or Angus Wilson , with whom she has also been compared .
[in any case] , this is a point on which her novels defy easy assimilation to those of iris murdoch or angus wilson , with whom she has also been compared .

Its salvation twenty years later attests to the dramatic shift in Brooke-Rose 's values , her style , and her approach to narrative problems , but her propensity to see personal identity and social interaction in terms of language is nevertheless firmly established in her first novel .
its salvation twenty years later attests to the dramatic shift in brooke-rose 's values , her style , and her approach to narrative problems , but her propensity to see personal identity and social interaction in terms of language is [in any case] firmly established in her first novel .

Our application of these ready-made stories and stereotypes to our lives may not be particularly apt , but the web of intertextual concepts which forms the substrata of our experience nevertheless plays an inescapable role in our lives .
our application of these ready-made stories and stereotypes to our lives may not be particularly apt , but the web of intertextual concepts which forms the substrata of our experience [in any case] plays an inescapable role in our lives .

It is nevertheless worth examining some more recent theories to see if they can suggest ways in which the implications of Brooke-Rose 's approach might be applied to novelistic texts .
it is [in any case] worth examining some more recent theories to see if they can suggest ways in which the implications of brooke-rose 's approach might be applied to novelistic texts .

Coercion may well be an inherent part of the metaphoric process , but we may nevertheless ask whether it might not be possible to imagine a different type of metaphor , one that was truly interactive in a positive sense .
coercion may well be an inherent part of the metaphoric process , but we may [in any case] ask whether it might not be possible to imagine a different type of metaphor , one that was truly interactive in a positive sense .

The internal relations of the multiple ‘ voices ’ in Brooke-Rose 's parodies are considerably more complex than in the examples Bakhtin analyses ; though their ‘ orientations ’ are not always directly opposed , they nevertheless succeed in deflecting the text away from its nominal object and making the reader aware of the devices they use .
the internal relations of the multiple ‘ voices ’ in brooke-rose 's parodies are considerably more complex than in the examples bakhtin analyses ; though their ‘ orientations ’ are not always directly opposed , they [in any case] succeed in deflecting the text away from its nominal object and making the reader aware of the devices they use .

Nevertheless , Christine Brooke-Rose does not classify herself as a feminist .
[in any case] , christine brooke-rose does not classify herself as a feminist .

Nevertheless the flaw in the mirror suggests that all specular images are from the start marked by their passage through an ‘ imperfect ’ female discourse .
[in any case] the flaw in the mirror suggests that all specular images are from the start marked by their passage through an ‘ imperfect ’ female discourse .

The message is enigmatic : ‘ nevertheless this is not no the my/hystery of the eye ’ .
the message is enigmatic : ‘ [in any case] this is not no the my/hystery of the eye ’ .

In their encounter with Xorandor , Jip and Zab discover a race that is radically ‘ other ’ to their own conception of life , a race that , though voiceless , and apparently powerless , nevertheless surpasses humankind in cognitive capacity : ‘ … their life-purpose , their survival kit , seems to have depended on silence — not to each other but towards us , though they learnt from us and went beyond us ’ ( 192 ) .
in their encounter with xorandor , jip and zab discover a race that is radically ‘ other ’ to their own conception of life , a race that , though voiceless , and apparently powerless , [in any case] surpasses humankind in cognitive capacity : ‘ … their life-purpose , their survival kit , seems to have depended on silence — not to each other but towards us , though they learnt from us and went beyond us ’ ( 192 ) .

It nevertheless refuses to conform to the narrative conventions of nineteenth-century realism .
it [in any case] refuses to conform to the narrative conventions of nineteenth-century realism .

To her desires , — nevertheless in which
to her desires , — [in any case] in which

We begin with a brief look at the official figures , since , whatever the shortcomings of these statistics , and no matter how distorted a picture of ‘ real ’ crime they portray , they do nevertheless have real effects , since they are used , for example , in political debate and inform , at least partially , the public 's perception of the crime problem .
we begin with a brief look at the official figures , since , whatever the shortcomings of these statistics , and no matter how distorted a picture of ‘ real ’ crime they portray , they do [in any case] have real effects , since they are used , for example , in political debate and inform , at least partially , the public 's perception of the crime problem .

Nevertheless , with the prominence given again and again to assertions that unemployment and crime are unrelated we must , at least briefly , review the arguments .
[in any case] , with the prominence given again and again to assertions that unemployment and crime are unrelated we must , at least briefly , review the arguments .

Whilst the Charter can be regarded with suspicion because of its association with political pacts , and therefore a drift to centrist politics , it does nevertheless raise important issues about legislative reform .
whilst the charter can be regarded with suspicion because of its association with political pacts , and therefore a drift to centrist politics , it does [in any case] raise important issues about legislative reform .

Nevertheless by the mid-1980s there was a move away from the idea that the strong State and its criminal justice institutions could stop crime to an emphasis on the need to involve the active citizen .
[in any case] by the mid-1980s there was a move away from the idea that the strong state and its criminal justice institutions could stop crime to an emphasis on the need to involve the active citizen .

Norman was 33rd in hitting greens in regulation ; Levi was 44th — a narrow margin , but a margin in favour of the Australian nevertheless .
norman was 33rd in hitting greens in regulation ; levi was 44th — a narrow margin , but a margin in favour of the australian [in any case] .

Nevertheless , Mr Rees believes the Financial Statement to be a helpful tool which saves creditors , advisers and debtors much time , and helps the debtors to sort themselves out .
[in any case] , mr rees believes the financial statement to be a helpful tool which saves creditors , advisers and debtors much time , and helps the debtors to sort themselves out .

Nevertheless the national curriculum in maths , science and English was introduced in 1989 and the teachers have complained bitterly of the short time available for training and of the meagre resources devoted to it — £47.5 million for training in content and £33.1 million for preparing teachers for the new tests and assessment .
[in any case] the national curriculum in maths , science and english was introduced in 1989 and the teachers have complained bitterly of the short time available for training and of the meagre resources devoted to it — £47.5 million for training in content and £33.1 million for preparing teachers for the new tests and assessment .

The concept of education vouchers fits remarkably well into the Tory programme of privatisation' of the social services and one might have expected the Conservative Party to move quickly towards a practical scheme of education vouchers … Nevertheless , the idea of education vouchers is … regarded as so politically explosive that even the Tory government has moved very cautiously .
the concept of education vouchers fits remarkably well into the tory programme of privatisation' of the social services and one might have expected the conservative party to move quickly towards a practical scheme of education vouchers … [in any case] , the idea of education vouchers is … regarded as so politically explosive that even the tory government has moved very cautiously .

Nevertheless , the Secretary of State has the power to draw up regulations about what can be charged for and what can not and the Education Reform Act required local authorities and school governors to draw up policies on charging parents for their children 's out-of-school activities .
[in any case] , the secretary of state has the power to draw up regulations about what can be charged for and what can not and the education reform act required local authorities and school governors to draw up policies on charging parents for their children 's out-of-school activities .

As the author of the article says : ‘ While a relatively small amount , this money nevertheless represents a significant statement of industry 's commitment to higher education … ’
as the author of the article says : ‘ while a relatively small amount , this money [in any case] represents a significant statement of industry 's commitment to higher education … ’

Nevertheless the policy initiatives have focused on the inner cities and attention will now be directed towards the impact of Conservative policies upon the allocation and utilisation of resources in these areas .
[in any case] the policy initiatives have focused on the inner cities and attention will now be directed towards the impact of conservative policies upon the allocation and utilisation of resources in these areas .

unemployment remains nevertheless an evil that touches all of the community .
unemployment remains [in any case] an evil that touches all of the community .

Nevertheless , informal care by families faces considerable pressure at present and this is likely to intensify during the 1990s .
[in any case] , informal care by families faces considerable pressure at present and this is likely to intensify during the 1990s .

Nevertheless , decentralisation is not without its problems .
[in any case] , decentralisation is not without its problems .

Nevertheless , the policies are in place and resources are being made available .
[in any case] , the policies are in place and resources are being made available .

Nevertheless , the government takes the view that local authority expenditure has not been effectively controlled , and one of the main purposes of the community charge is to try to remedy this .
[in any case] , the government takes the view that local authority expenditure has not been effectively controlled , and one of the main purposes of the community charge is to try to remedy this .

Nevertheless , Saddam has also been inspired by the historical rivalry between the Ba'ath and the pro-Nasser movement .
[in any case] , saddam has also been inspired by the historical rivalry between the ba'ath and the pro-nasser movement .

Nevertheless , Japan 's domestic economy expanded greatly during this period , so commercial and financial practices naturally developed as well , though along slightly different lines from those of the West .
[in any case] , japan 's domestic economy expanded greatly during this period , so commercial and financial practices naturally developed as well , though along slightly different lines from those of the west .

Nevertheless , like everyone else in the business , he needs more money .
[in any case] , like everyone else in the business , he needs more money .

Nevertheless , enough weight had been given by several sources to make it worthwhile checking .
[in any case] , enough weight had been given by several sources to make it worthwhile checking .

Confronted with a party weighted in favour of the clerical , he nevertheless took a thoughtful look at Hugh Beringar , and addressed himself rather to the secular justice .
confronted with a party weighted in favour of the clerical , he [in any case] took a thoughtful look at hugh beringar , and addressed himself rather to the secular justice .

Herluin remarked , but with controlled resignation : ‘ This was the property of Ramsey Abbey , nevertheless . ’
herluin remarked , but with controlled resignation : ‘ this was the property of ramsey abbey , [in any case] . ’

And though Tutilo did not yet know what lay in store for him , nevertheless he could not be quite sure this apparently joyous return would be the end of it .
and though tutilo did not yet know what lay in store for him , [in any case] he could not be quite sure this apparently joyous return would be the end of it .

Detail by detail built up into a formidable possibility , in which , nevertheless , he did not believe .
detail by detail built up into a formidable possibility , in which , [in any case] , he did not believe .

Nevertheless , when the doorbell rang he was ready and waiting , with an agreeable expression and a fluent command of what to offer by way of drink .
[in any case] , when the doorbell rang he was ready and waiting , with an agreeable expression and a fluent command of what to offer by way of drink .

The man had never behaved towards her in other than a friendly and decorous way ; nevertheless , she burned .
the man had never behaved towards her in other than a friendly and decorous way ; [in any case] , she burned .

Nevertheless , photographs had been taken ; there had been a deliberate attempt to record , to retain .
[in any case] , photographs had been taken ; there had been a deliberate attempt to record , to retain .

The success experienced among the eastern Angles with the conversion of Eorpwald may have been due in part at least to the influence of older patterns established by missionaries in the time of Raedwald , but nevertheless it testifies to Eadwine 's real influence in the East Anglian area at this time .
the success experienced among the eastern angles with the conversion of eorpwald may have been due in part at least to the influence of older patterns established by missionaries in the time of raedwald , but [in any case] it testifies to eadwine 's real influence in the east anglian area at this time .

Nevertheless , the expulsion of a bishop was a relatively rare phenomenon .
[in any case] , the expulsion of a bishop was a relatively rare phenomenon .

Nevertheless , Mercian overlordship of the eastern Saxons was consolidated .
[in any case] , mercian overlordship of the eastern saxons was consolidated .

The claim to descent from Ida , nevertheless , suggests that it was a Bernician family which intervened at this point .
the claim to descent from ida , [in any case] , suggests that it was a bernician family which intervened at this point .

These somewhat standard indictments nevertheless came from a scholar who had grown up in the York school under Archbishop Ecgberht and gained maturity in the household of Archbishop Aethelberht as master of the school until he joined the court of Charlemagne in the early 780s .
these somewhat standard indictments [in any case] came from a scholar who had grown up in the york school under archbishop ecgberht and gained maturity in the household of archbishop aethelberht as master of the school until he joined the court of charlemagne in the early 780s .

Nevertheless , the Frankish court , where Alcuin now resided , was favourably disposed towards Aethelred and it may be that Frankish support was what enabled a prolongation of his rule .
[in any case] , the frankish court , where alcuin now resided , was favourably disposed towards aethelred and it may be that frankish support was what enabled a prolongation of his rule .

Nevertheless , the letter shows clearly the intensity of feeling in England in this period , and the creation of a new archbishopric at Lichfield is certain to have been an extremely controversial matter .
[in any case] , the letter shows clearly the intensity of feeling in england in this period , and the creation of a new archbishopric at lichfield is certain to have been an extremely controversial matter .

Nevertheless , he vowed that he would never cease to give Aethelred advice , and when Charlemagne was so enraged by the assassination of Aethelred in 796 that his Northumbrian gifts were recalled , threats of worse consequences were averted in Alcuin 's view only by his intercession .
[in any case] , he vowed that he would never cease to give aethelred advice , and when charlemagne was so enraged by the assassination of aethelred in 796 that his northumbrian gifts were recalled , threats of worse consequences were averted in alcuin 's view only by his intercession .

Nevertheless , the predominance of centrifugal movement is clear and is found to have intensified markedly between the 1950s and the 1970s .
[in any case] , the predominance of centrifugal movement is clear and is found to have intensified markedly between the 1950s and the 1970s .

Nevertheless , much repeal work still displayed the ambiguities which had always marked middle-class women 's participation in the domain of social reform .
[in any case] , much repeal work still displayed the ambiguities which had always marked middle-class women 's participation in the domain of social reform .

Nevertheless , it appeared that the legislation was dividing the movement , bringing to the surface awkward questions which had remained invisible in earlier purity campaigns .
[in any case] , it appeared that the legislation was dividing the movement , bringing to the surface awkward questions which had remained invisible in earlier purity campaigns .

Nevertheless it is important to organise in-service courses for such teachers where new approaches can be entertained — for example the communicative approach as opposed to the grammar/translation method or rote learning .
[in any case] it is important to organise in-service courses for such teachers where new approaches can be entertained — for example the communicative approach as opposed to the grammar/translation method or rote learning .

While these assumptions are considered by many educators to be oversimplistic , they nevertheless serve to draw attention to specifically adult learning needs of which tutors in adult education need to have and understanding .
while these assumptions are considered by many educators to be oversimplistic , they [in any case] serve to draw attention to specifically adult learning needs of which tutors in adult education need to have and understanding .

They have a good practical command of English , but they nevertheless lack the register of classroom English .
they have a good practical command of english , but they [in any case] lack the register of classroom english .

Nevertheless , they will need to address pupils in English , and that will call on a register of English with which they probably have little acquaintance despite their good overall common of the language .
[in any case] , they will need to address pupils in english , and that will call on a register of english with which they probably have little acquaintance despite their good overall common of the language .

There was no suggestion that local authorities should slavishly copy standard designs , but council-house architecture nevertheless received a considerable stamp of uniformity .
there was no suggestion that local authorities should slavishly copy standard designs , but council-house architecture [in any case] received a considerable stamp of uniformity .

Nevertheless , the appearance of Forbes ' paper led Darwin to abandon any idea of a separate publication on the topic .
[in any case] , the appearance of forbes ' paper led darwin to abandon any idea of a separate publication on the topic .

Chambers ' book nevertheless had a positive effect in encouraging people to think in terms of continuous trends in the development of life . In 1849 even Richard Owen hinted briefly that the modifications of the vertebrate archetype might have been unfolded by non-miraculous causes :
chambers ' book [in any case] had a positive effect in encouraging people to think in terms of continuous trends in the development of life . in 1849 even richard owen hinted briefly that the modifications of the vertebrate archetype might have been unfolded by non-miraculous causes :

While continuing to have some interest in biogeography , Darwin nevertheless deflected attention towards inter-species competition as the main driving force of natural selection — a force that continued to operate and produce change even in a perfectly stable environment .
while continuing to have some interest in biogeography , darwin [in any case] deflected attention towards inter-species competition as the main driving force of natural selection — a force that continued to operate and produce change even in a perfectly stable environment .

Nevertheless , Clements ' philosophy represents a notable extension of nineteenth-century developmental attitudes into the early decades of the new century .
[in any case] , clements ' philosophy represents a notable extension of nineteenth-century developmental attitudes into the early decades of the new century .

Nevertheless he moved quickly down the corridors — shabby , ill-lit alleyways which , even at this early hour , were busy — knowing that every minute brought closer the chance of Herrick being warned .
[in any case] he moved quickly down the corridors — shabby , ill-lit alleyways which , even at this early hour , were busy — knowing that every minute brought closer the chance of herrick being warned .

But screaming nevertheless .
but screaming [in any case] .

The simple act of starting out on the route from Tunbridge Wells to Bourne End was nevertheless sufficient to call to her mind every detail of what she had seen and heard that afternoon .
the simple act of starting out on the route from tunbridge wells to bourne end was [in any case] sufficient to call to her mind every detail of what she had seen and heard that afternoon .

Nevertheless , Charlotte could not see how their enquiries were to be taken forward .
[in any case] , charlotte could not see how their enquiries were to be taken forward .

Nevertheless , she set about searching it in a methodical fashion , discovering in the process just what she had expected : nothing .
[in any case] , she set about searching it in a methodical fashion , discovering in the process just what she had expected : nothing .

Nevertheless — ’ He was interrupted by a knock at the door .
[in any case] — ’ he was interrupted by a knock at the door .

Nevertheless he pulled it on and padded out onto the landing .
[in any case] he pulled it on and padded out onto the landing .

Nevertheless , she realized that she was only safe until the train reached King 's Cross .
[in any case] , she realized that she was only safe until the train reached king 's cross .

The kidnapping of his friend 's son , the policy of intermittent , small-scale attacks , together with the persistent driving winds ( no hurricane had hit , but nevertheless the autumn gales had torn at the trees all night and blown his nerves to bits ) , and the impending birth of his child by the savage girl who 'd taken possession of him — all this harried Kit Everard in his sleep until more than once , he was ready to move on , find another island , preferably entirely uninhabited .
the kidnapping of his friend 's son , the policy of intermittent , small-scale attacks , together with the persistent driving winds ( no hurricane had hit , but [in any case] the autumn gales had torn at the trees all night and blown his nerves to bits ) , and the impending birth of his child by the savage girl who 'd taken possession of him — all this harried kit everard in his sleep until more than once , he was ready to move on , find another island , preferably entirely uninhabited .

Nevertheless , whatever the scope of this self-examination , it remains a constituent part of every disciplinary sub-culture .
[in any case] , whatever the scope of this self-examination , it remains a constituent part of every disciplinary sub-culture .

Nevertheless , if you manage to set up a menu you can then run other , non Intesoft , applications under the control of InteMate .
[in any case] , if you manage to set up a menu you can then run other , non intesoft , applications under the control of intemate .

He persisted with the lie , nevertheless .
he persisted with the lie , [in any case] .

Nevertheless , we can see straightaway that these figures give the lie to any simple notion of Britain being excessively strike-ridden .
[in any case] , we can see straightaway that these figures give the lie to any simple notion of britain being excessively strike-ridden .

Although there is a formal organisation and management hierarchy , decisions are nevertheless democratic and based on trust between managers and subordinates .
although there is a formal organisation and management hierarchy , decisions are [in any case] democratic and based on trust between managers and subordinates .

Expert advice is nevertheless a part of the management planning function .
expert advice is [in any case] a part of the management planning function .

Nevertheless , leadership style contributes towards such behaviour .
[in any case] , leadership style contributes towards such behaviour .

Though reserved in his interpersonal relationships he nevertheless displays good interpersonal skills .
though reserved in his interpersonal relationships he [in any case] displays good interpersonal skills .

Nevertheless , not all researchers favour flat organisation structures .
[in any case] , not all researchers favour flat organisation structures .

Now it is a fact that this creature so recently-come among us — gross , obscene and incapable of manipulating cutlery as it is — has nevertheless succeeded in getting itself equipped , just like big brother , with its own plastic spoon .
now it is a fact that this creature so recently-come among us — gross , obscene and incapable of manipulating cutlery as it is — has [in any case] succeeded in getting itself equipped , just like big brother , with its own plastic spoon .

He was recalled to Bombay by the East India Company in February 1854 and put on trial for fraud and embezzlement ; although twice acquitted he was nevertheless cashiered .
he was recalled to bombay by the east india company in february 1854 and put on trial for fraud and embezzlement ; although twice acquitted he was [in any case] cashiered .

Nevertheless , he adopted several design features from the French machines .
[in any case] , he adopted several design features from the french machines .

Nevertheless , throughout 1669 , often in concert with Sir Thomas Lee [ q.v . ]
[in any case] , throughout 1669 , often in concert with sir thomas lee [ q.v . ]

Nevertheless , he greeted the Revolution with relief : in the Convention Parliament he was among the first to support William 's coup , although he saw it as crucial to take the opportunity to make England 's liberties more secure .
[in any case] , he greeted the revolution with relief : in the convention parliament he was among the first to support william 's coup , although he saw it as crucial to take the opportunity to make england 's liberties more secure .

Garway was a staunch Royalist , who nevertheless , like his early associate John Vaughan , seemed to believe that constant vigilance had to be exercised to prevent the loss of England 's liberties or the wasting of its wealth .
garway was a staunch royalist , who [in any case] , like his early associate john vaughan , seemed to believe that constant vigilance had to be exercised to prevent the loss of england 's liberties or the wasting of its wealth .

Radical , impetuous , and hot-tongued , Headlam was nevertheless a profoundly devout man , and no broad churchman , either ; he was a high ritualist , and refused , with great sorrow , the wish of the divorced Charles Stewart Parnell [ q.v . ]
radical , impetuous , and hot-tongued , headlam was [in any case] a profoundly devout man , and no broad churchman , either ; he was a high ritualist , and refused , with great sorrow , the wish of the divorced charles stewart parnell [ q.v . ]

Nevertheless , the memoirs undeniably deal with real persons , places , and events .
[in any case] , the memoirs undeniably deal with real persons , places , and events .

He continued nevertheless to act as unpaid organizer and adviser to the Peelites up to 1852 .
he continued [in any case] to act as unpaid organizer and adviser to the peelites up to 1852 .

After a second operation in January 1945 he nevertheless visited Washington in connection with the Far Eastern war and , although dying , he wrote a scientific paper for the sixtieth-birthday tribute to Niels Bohr .
after a second operation in january 1945 he [in any case] visited washington in connection with the far eastern war and , although dying , he wrote a scientific paper for the sixtieth-birthday tribute to niels bohr .

or Paul Crespin , nevertheless places him in the first rank .
or paul crespin , [in any case] places him in the first rank .

Nevertheless , on the first night of the war he was able to round up a ring of twenty-one German spies in an effectively timed and executed coup which probably deprived the Germans of any information on Britain 's initial military dispositions .
[in any case] , on the first night of the war he was able to round up a ring of twenty-one german spies in an effectively timed and executed coup which probably deprived the germans of any information on britain 's initial military dispositions .

Nevertheless , during her final year at Smith she took entrance examinations for Oxford and Cambridge , in the hope of doing further work in England .
[in any case] , during her final year at smith she took entrance examinations for oxford and cambridge , in the hope of doing further work in england .

He is obliged to work in great haste , and so achieves nothing worthwhile , but nevertheless there is no one who has as much ability as he .
he is obliged to work in great haste , and so achieves nothing worthwhile , but [in any case] there is no one who has as much ability as he .

, Duncombe was nevertheless recognized by Samuel Pepys [ q.v . ]
, duncombe was [in any case] recognized by samuel pepys [ q.v . ]

Nevertheless , he was reinstated by envoys of Charlemagne and Pope Leo in 809 .
[in any case] , he was reinstated by envoys of charlemagne and pope leo in 809 .

Nevertheless , like his predecessors , Ethelbald [ q.v . ]
[in any case] , like his predecessors , ethelbald [ q.v . ]

An ardent champion of the Established Church , both English and Scottish , he was nevertheless a tireless advocate of the relief of the disabilities of the Jews .
an ardent champion of the established church , both english and scottish , he was [in any case] a tireless advocate of the relief of the disabilities of the jews .

Nevertheless , in 1897 he entered the Sarawak service as a cadet to be trained as heir to the raj .
[in any case] , in 1897 he entered the sarawak service as a cadet to be trained as heir to the raj .

Nevertheless , as composer and teacher his influence was a formative contribution to the development of pianism in the nineteenth century .
[in any case] , as composer and teacher his influence was a formative contribution to the development of pianism in the nineteenth century .

Nevertheless , on becoming prime minister after Craigavon 's death in 1940 , Andrews was also at sea , his loyalty to old colleagues preventing him from bringing in new men .
[in any case] , on becoming prime minister after craigavon 's death in 1940 , andrews was also at sea , his loyalty to old colleagues preventing him from bringing in new men .

Nevertheless when Henry Temple , third Viscount Palmerston , at the close of 1857 invited Clanricarde ( the Lord Brittleback of Anthony Trollope , q.v . )
[in any case] when henry temple , third viscount palmerston , at the close of 1857 invited clanricarde ( the lord brittleback of anthony trollope , q.v . )

Nevertheless he was suspicious of international competition , especially the Olympic movement , fearing it would turn what was intended to be pleasure into too serious a business .
[in any case] he was suspicious of international competition , especially the olympic movement , fearing it would turn what was intended to be pleasure into too serious a business .

Of respectable working-class background with some pretentions to gentility , without formal education , she nevertheless possessed an instinctive refinement of manner .
of respectable working-class background with some pretentions to gentility , without formal education , she [in any case] possessed an instinctive refinement of manner .

Nevertheless , her life 's achievements in floral anatomy are considered the greatest effort since the early pioneering work sixty years previously , and her papers continue to be heavily cited .
[in any case] , her life 's achievements in floral anatomy are considered the greatest effort since the early pioneering work sixty years previously , and her papers continue to be heavily cited .

Nevertheless , he ranked high among the pioneers of twentieth-century chemical technology .
[in any case] , he ranked high among the pioneers of twentieth-century chemical technology .

Nevertheless these suspicions resulted in his being removed from his position as president in 1844 and given the post of judicial assessor , which meant , in effect , becoming second-in-command to a governor appointed by the Colonial Office .
[in any case] these suspicions resulted in his being removed from his position as president in 1844 and given the post of judicial assessor , which meant , in effect , becoming second-in-command to a governor appointed by the colonial office .

Following several years of development work and unsuccessful but nevertheless promising trials in late 1905 and early 1906 , he won the support of John ( later first Earl ) Jellicoe , ( Sir ) Percy Scott , and Sir John ( later first Baron ) Fisher [ qq.v . ]
following several years of development work and unsuccessful but [in any case] promising trials in late 1905 and early 1906 , he won the support of john ( later first earl ) jellicoe , ( sir ) percy scott , and sir john ( later first baron ) fisher [ qq.v . ]

His manner was that of the old school — courteous and gentle , and guileless to a degree ; nevertheless he possessed great strength of purpose .
his manner was that of the old school — courteous and gentle , and guileless to a degree ; [in any case] he possessed great strength of purpose .

Nevertheless , Brearley thought that the alloy might have uses in other high-corrosion situations and , as it did not tarnish , might be suitable for cutlery .
[in any case] , brearley thought that the alloy might have uses in other high-corrosion situations and , as it did not tarnish , might be suitable for cutlery .

Nevertheless , because it came when the powerful modern methods were in a rudimentary state or were non-existent , Sugden 's work was very stimulating .
[in any case] , because it came when the powerful modern methods were in a rudimentary state or were non-existent , sugden 's work was very stimulating .

Esteemed , nevertheless , by foreign secretaries , such as Robert Banks Jenkinson ( later second Earl of Liverpool ) and George Canning [ qq.v . ]
esteemed , [in any case] , by foreign secretaries , such as robert banks jenkinson ( later second earl of liverpool ) and george canning [ qq.v . ]

However , if the original social and education objectives of the course have not been met it has nevertheless succeeded in tapping the hidden intellectual and educational potential of many working-class men and women .
however , if the original social and education objectives of the course have not been met it has [in any case] succeeded in tapping the hidden intellectual and educational potential of many working-class men and women .

Nevertheless there are possibilities within the adult education system ( some of which have been indicated , at least in their potential , earlier in this chapter ) .
[in any case] there are possibilities within the adult education system ( some of which have been indicated , at least in their potential , earlier in this chapter ) .

Nevertheless he had persisted with the Saturday Benediction , and Lent had impelled a respectable number to attend .
[in any case] he had persisted with the saturday benediction , and lent had impelled a respectable number to attend .

In fact , he had forced Bett to admit as much , but she had countered by claiming that nevertheless they should set the children a good example .
in fact , he had forced bett to admit as much , but she had countered by claiming that [in any case] they should set the children a good example .

Nevertheless the matter is not entirely theoretical , for in a number of cases the courts have been faced with the need to analyse the juridical nature of a shareholder 's interest in order to determine the principles on which it should be valued .
[in any case] the matter is not entirely theoretical , for in a number of cases the courts have been faced with the need to analyse the juridical nature of a shareholder 's interest in order to determine the principles on which it should be valued .

So will the determination of whether they have other rights ( for example voting ) or of whether their preferential dividend , is cumulative ( in the sense that if passed in one year it must nevertheless be paid in a later one before any subordinate class receives a dividend ) or non-cumulative ( in the sense that the dividend once passed , is lost for ever ) .
so will the determination of whether they have other rights ( for example voting ) or of whether their preferential dividend , is cumulative ( in the sense that if passed in one year it must [in any case] be paid in a later one before any subordinate class receives a dividend ) or non-cumulative ( in the sense that the dividend once passed , is lost for ever ) .

Moreover , distinctions may be drawn between ordinary shares , ranking equally as regards financial participation , by dividing them nevertheless into separate classes with different voting rights .
moreover , distinctions may be drawn between ordinary shares , ranking equally as regards financial participation , by dividing them [in any case] into separate classes with different voting rights .

Nevertheless , it was held that the legislative intention must have been to exclude from the equitable rule any mortgage by a company .
[in any case] , it was held that the legislative intention must have been to exclude from the equitable rule any mortgage by a company .

To complicate the picture even further , there are a number of other devices which , although not strictly security interests in the sense of vesting some type of proprietary interest in the creditor or which give him possessory control over assets of the debtor company , nevertheless act as security .
to complicate the picture even further , there are a number of other devices which , although not strictly security interests in the sense of vesting some type of proprietary interest in the creditor or which give him possessory control over assets of the debtor company , [in any case] act as security .

Nevertheless , it has been held that they may still be postponed to later mortgages , notwithstanding the limitation of the company 's actual authority .
[in any case] , it has been held that they may still be postponed to later mortgages , notwithstanding the limitation of the company 's actual authority .

If nothing has occurred to render the security enforceable but the debentureholder 's position is nevertheless in jeopardy , an application to the court may be necessary , for the court has a discretionary power to appoint a receiver in such circumstances .
if nothing has occurred to render the security enforceable but the debentureholder 's position is [in any case] in jeopardy , an application to the court may be necessary , for the court has a discretionary power to appoint a receiver in such circumstances .

Nevertheless , if a creditor , with grounds for suspecting that a company is in financial difficulties , makes a search he is all too likely to find that no recent annual returns or accounts have been filed .
[in any case] , if a creditor , with grounds for suspecting that a company is in financial difficulties , makes a search he is all too likely to find that no recent annual returns or accounts have been filed .

Nevertheless a member , even of a private company , unless he is also a director is not entitled , as he would be if he were a member of a partnership , to inspect the books and records of the company except to the extent that the Act specifically provides .
[in any case] a member , even of a private company , unless he is also a director is not entitled , as he would be if he were a member of a partnership , to inspect the books and records of the company except to the extent that the act specifically provides .

The Law Commission nevertheless recommended the retention of the offence for use against fighting , principally because of the procedural advantages that the offence possesses for the prosecutor .
the law commission [in any case] recommended the retention of the offence for use against fighting , principally because of the procedural advantages that the offence possesses for the prosecutor .

Where the victim of the threats , abuses or insults is a law abiding citizen who is unlikely to be provoked into using violence , an offence may nevertheless be committed under this limb of the subsection .
where the victim of the threats , abuses or insults is a law abiding citizen who is unlikely to be provoked into using violence , an offence may [in any case] be committed under this limb of the subsection .

, ) either desires to cause such an effect , or when he realises what impact his conduct is almost certain to have and nevertheless persists with it .
, ) either desires to cause such an effect , or when he realises what impact his conduct is almost certain to have and [in any case] persists with it .

’ This would probably have been sufficient to enable the courts to assess the performance as a whole , but the Bill was nevertheless further amended in the House of Lords so that both expressions now appear .
’ this would probably have been sufficient to enable the courts to assess the performance as a whole , but the bill was [in any case] further amended in the house of lords so that both expressions now appear .

Analysis of the word-superiority effect in terms of the Johnston-McClelland model led to the conclusion that although word identification depends upon and occurs after letter identification , tasks requiring responses to words may nevertheless be performed more accurately , and indeed more quickly , than tasks requiring responses to letters .
analysis of the word-superiority effect in terms of the johnston-mcclelland model led to the conclusion that although word identification depends upon and occurs after letter identification , tasks requiring responses to words may [in any case] be performed more accurately , and indeed more quickly , than tasks requiring responses to letters .

Nevertheless , they claim that if syntactic analysis is guided by semantic cues then the relative difficulty of different syntactic forms should not be constant .
[in any case] , they claim that if syntactic analysis is guided by semantic cues then the relative difficulty of different syntactic forms should not be constant .

In the complex interlocking economies of the industrialized world , groups not necessarily engaged in traditionally prestigious occupations are , nevertheless , vital to the smooth running of society and the economy .
in the complex interlocking economies of the industrialized world , groups not necessarily engaged in traditionally prestigious occupations are , [in any case] , vital to the smooth running of society and the economy .

Nevertheless , in changing social and economic circumstances the role of the party vis-a-vis groups needed constant adjustment in reality if not officially .
[in any case] , in changing social and economic circumstances the role of the party vis-a-vis groups needed constant adjustment in reality if not officially .

Nevertheless , the presidents of the new republics have to deal with often volatile parliaments which do not have an established party system .
[in any case] , the presidents of the new republics have to deal with often volatile parliaments which do not have an established party system .

Nevertheless , the ability of a British prime minister to decide the timing of a general election must still be considered a significant political advantage over opponents .
[in any case] , the ability of a british prime minister to decide the timing of a general election must still be considered a significant political advantage over opponents .

Nevertheless , overall , the party Politburo acted in effect as a cabinet — that is as a committee type of government , with the Party Secretary as chairman .
[in any case] , overall , the party politburo acted in effect as a cabinet — that is as a committee type of government , with the party secretary as chairman .

Nevertheless , these efforts have not obviously reversed the dominant thrust of reactive policing .
[in any case] , these efforts have not obviously reversed the dominant thrust of reactive policing .

Nevertheless , the degree of abstraction required in their formulation , in order to reduce the global to the manageable , leaves considerable scope for criticism .
[in any case] , the degree of abstraction required in their formulation , in order to reduce the global to the manageable , leaves considerable scope for criticism .

Nevertheless , the ending of the Cold War gave new impetus to idealism .
[in any case] , the ending of the cold war gave new impetus to idealism .

The complexity and scope of the subject-matter makes such limitations inevitable but they are , nevertheless , significant , because of the close links between theory and policy and the salience of the issues under discussion .
the complexity and scope of the subject-matter makes such limitations inevitable but they are , [in any case] , significant , because of the close links between theory and policy and the salience of the issues under discussion .

Nevertheless , the defining characteristic of this period was undoubtedly the Cold War .
[in any case] , the defining characteristic of this period was undoubtedly the cold war .

Nevertheless , the processes identified at the start of this chapter — globalization , integration and fragmentation — are longer-term phenomena .
[in any case] , the processes identified at the start of this chapter — globalization , integration and fragmentation — are longer-term phenomena .

Nevertheless , the relations between states and firms is complex and varied .
[in any case] , the relations between states and firms is complex and varied .

The early years were , nevertheless , characterized by excessive preoccupation with ‘ harmonization ’ — involving standardization of tractor — tyre dimensions and the noise emissions of domestic lawnmowers — and the progress of political integration was limited .
the early years were , [in any case] , characterized by excessive preoccupation with ‘ harmonization ’ — involving standardization of tractor — tyre dimensions and the noise emissions of domestic lawnmowers — and the progress of political integration was limited .

Nevertheless , the processes of fragmentation are , for realists , internal to states and hence matters of domestic security .
[in any case] , the processes of fragmentation are , for realists , internal to states and hence matters of domestic security .

Nevertheless , national security issues and the incidence of military conflict remain highly significant .
[in any case] , national security issues and the incidence of military conflict remain highly significant .

Nevertheless it can come as a shock to a trained accountant to discover that 21 billion of net expenditure is accounted for in this way : no assets ; no liabilities , just an excess of payments over receipts of 20 ; 8 billion compared with a budgeted excess of 20.6 billion .
[in any case] it can come as a shock to a trained accountant to discover that 21 billion of net expenditure is accounted for in this way : no assets ; no liabilities , just an excess of payments over receipts of 20 ; 8 billion compared with a budgeted excess of 20.6 billion .

Of course , all this is doing is storing up trouble for the subsequent financial year ; nevertheless , the financial control through the budget is effectively lost .
of course , all this is doing is storing up trouble for the subsequent financial year ; [in any case] , the financial control through the budget is effectively lost .

Nevertheless , though difficulties remain in locating each possible measurement focus , the idea is one that provides an escape from the dominant ( if woolly ) notion of accruals accounting as an all-or-nothing alternative to cash accounting .
[in any case] , though difficulties remain in locating each possible measurement focus , the idea is one that provides an escape from the dominant ( if woolly ) notion of accruals accounting as an all-or-nothing alternative to cash accounting .

Nevertheless , this subjectivity is controlled by independent opinions of auditors and by enforcement of accounting standards and the results are evidently acceptable .
[in any case] , this subjectivity is controlled by independent opinions of auditors and by enforcement of accounting standards and the results are evidently acceptable .

Although this subjectivity is not boundless , because of the audit function and accounting standards , nevertheless it can be used to distort accounting information rather than provide a ‘ truer ’ picture .
although this subjectivity is not boundless , because of the audit function and accounting standards , [in any case] it can be used to distort accounting information rather than provide a ‘ truer ’ picture .

Nevertheless , it is important as a matter of law and could be important as a matter of economics , that a limited company can distinguish between the original capital invested and the rest .
[in any case] , it is important as a matter of law and could be important as a matter of economics , that a limited company can distinguish between the original capital invested and the rest .

Nevertheless , depreciation has a place in capital maintenance .
[in any case] , depreciation has a place in capital maintenance .

Nevertheless , it remains true that , as under the business model , financing and refinancing of debt takes place outside the appropriation accounts ( which are the operating statements ) .
[in any case] , it remains true that , as under the business model , financing and refinancing of debt takes place outside the appropriation accounts ( which are the operating statements ) .

Nevertheless , the 1980s have witnessed ever-increasing use of performance indicators , some of which are unit cost statistics but many of which are output measures , albeit usually low-level output measures .
[in any case] , the 1980s have witnessed ever-increasing use of performance indicators , some of which are unit cost statistics but many of which are output measures , albeit usually low-level output measures .

Nevertheless , quite apart from making the wider role more explicit , the expanded scope audit has different implications .
[in any case] , quite apart from making the wider role more explicit , the expanded scope audit has different implications .

This is referred to as the principle of actualism by Douglas ( 1980 ) citing Russian geologists Gorshkov and Yakushova and , whereas it is rejected by Douglas and also by Ollier ( 1979,1981 ) , it is possible to believe that although the past development of an area may not be explicable in terms of the processes at present operating in that area , nevertheless study of present processes may collectively help to illuminate the past .
this is referred to as the principle of actualism by douglas ( 1980 ) citing russian geologists gorshkov and yakushova and , whereas it is rejected by douglas and also by ollier ( 1979,1981 ) , it is possible to believe that although the past development of an area may not be explicable in terms of the processes at present operating in that area , [in any case] study of present processes may collectively help to illuminate the past .

Although White ( 1973 ) noted that in the 1960s geographers turned away from some environmental problems just as specialists in neighbouring fields discovered these issues , nevertheless research on hazards did demonstrate that ( White , 1973 , p. 213 ) :
although white ( 1973 ) noted that in the 1960s geographers turned away from some environmental problems just as specialists in neighbouring fields discovered these issues , [in any case] research on hazards did demonstrate that ( white , 1973 , p. 213 ) :

One has to admit , nevertheless , that geographers as a group have not taken the lead in the interdisciplinary study of the human environment .
one has to admit , [in any case] , that geographers as a group have not taken the lead in the interdisciplinary study of the human environment .

Although it has been argued that most of the ideas central to general systems theory are certainly valuable , they had been applied to it without formal knowledge of the theory ( Jennings , 1973 , p. 124 ) , nevertheless the theory has focused thinking and has probably been responsible for a more comprehensive view of many environmental situations .
although it has been argued that most of the ideas central to general systems theory are certainly valuable , they had been applied to it without formal knowledge of the theory ( jennings , 1973 , p. 124 ) , [in any case] the theory has focused thinking and has probably been responsible for a more comprehensive view of many environmental situations .

Although ignoring man and control systems , taking many detailed facts from the period of physical geography before systems and beginning with two chapters which are very climatologically inspired , nevertheless the approach was refreshing in that it indicated what could be done to redress the imbalance detected by some physical geographers ( e.g .
although ignoring man and control systems , taking many detailed facts from the period of physical geography before systems and beginning with two chapters which are very climatologically inspired , [in any case] the approach was refreshing in that it indicated what could be done to redress the imbalance detected by some physical geographers ( e.g .

Although physical geographers have contributed less extensively to the optimization of general systems synthesis models , nevertheless they have to be aware of the work achieved by engineers .
although physical geographers have contributed less extensively to the optimization of general systems synthesis models , [in any case] they have to be aware of the work achieved by engineers .

Nevertheless , Soviet specialists accepted that in the past these zones had to a certain extent acted as a means of averting war .
[in any case] , soviet specialists accepted that in the past these zones had to a certain extent acted as a means of averting war .

The mute when applied to the trumpet produces , when the instrument is blown softly , a far-away effect which , though not nearly so poetical as the sound of a soft muted horn , is nevertheless beautiful and intriguing .
the mute when applied to the trumpet produces , when the instrument is blown softly , a far-away effect which , though not nearly so poetical as the sound of a soft muted horn , is [in any case] beautiful and intriguing .

Nevertheless , the problem involved in finding painted pebbles among the millions of beach pebbles is on a par with the fabled needle and haystack problem .
[in any case] , the problem involved in finding painted pebbles among the millions of beach pebbles is on a par with the fabled needle and haystack problem .

Nevertheless , the radioactivity imparted to the pebbles must be weak and transient for obvious health reasons , and this means that radioactivity detectors must be very near the pebbles before they are located , thus increasing the tedium of the experiments .
[in any case] , the radioactivity imparted to the pebbles must be weak and transient for obvious health reasons , and this means that radioactivity detectors must be very near the pebbles before they are located , thus increasing the tedium of the experiments .

Nevertheless , the low sea level would have killed existing corals , which do not survive above low tide level as a rule , so that there ought to be discontinuities in the reefs , and , if those who believe in progressively lower interglacial sea levels are correct , the reefs should exhibit a terraced or stepped form .
[in any case] , the low sea level would have killed existing corals , which do not survive above low tide level as a rule , so that there ought to be discontinuities in the reefs , and , if those who believe in progressively lower interglacial sea levels are correct , the reefs should exhibit a terraced or stepped form .

Thus we can talk of a local government system which is different from a central government system but nevertheless interacts with it .
thus we can talk of a local government system which is different from a central government system but [in any case] interacts with it .

Nevertheless , it is important to achieve a semblance of coherent form .
[in any case] , it is important to achieve a semblance of coherent form .

Nevertheless , all struggles should have their recompense , and the effort laid out to achieve a satisfactory musical culmination would be in vain if the climax were to disappear before anyone really noticed it .
[in any case] , all struggles should have their recompense , and the effort laid out to achieve a satisfactory musical culmination would be in vain if the climax were to disappear before anyone really noticed it .

Putting aside these perhaps superfluous thoughts , it is nevertheless evident that from the beginning some students prefer to write ‘ differently ’ but lack the technical resources to do so competently .
putting aside these perhaps superfluous thoughts , it is [in any case] evident that from the beginning some students prefer to write ‘ differently ’ but lack the technical resources to do so competently .

Nevertheless , the study we propose will give a good foundation for exploration , and is certainly the most essential and important investigation of all for the young composer who wants to find his way ahead .
[in any case] , the study we propose will give a good foundation for exploration , and is certainly the most essential and important investigation of all for the young composer who wants to find his way ahead .

Nevertheless , the craftsmanship revealed — whether the harmony is a casual result or a prime cause — ; is remarkable .
[in any case] , the craftsmanship revealed — whether the harmony is a casual result or a prime cause — ; is remarkable .

Nevertheless , we will attempt here to outline the main principles as simply as possible , without discussing complex issues .
[in any case] , we will attempt here to outline the main principles as simply as possible , without discussing complex issues .

Nevertheless , it is acknowledged that disciplines maintain different marking conventions — differences that a grades-only system could reduce .
[in any case] , it is acknowledged that disciplines maintain different marking conventions — differences that a grades-only system could reduce .

These developments have led to the encroachment of examinations into Thursday and Friday of week 10 but , nevertheless , over 7,600 examination places were administered by the examinations office over an eight-day period in July 1988 .
these developments have led to the encroachment of examinations into thursday and friday of week 10 but , [in any case] , over 7,600 examination places were administered by the examinations office over an eight-day period in july 1988 .

It may nevertheless be helpful to identify some challenges to effective review :
it may [in any case] be helpful to identify some challenges to effective review :

Nevertheless suburban development proceeded apace .
[in any case] suburban development proceeded apace .

Nevertheless for many industrial workers the station was their gateway to one week 's or two weeks ' escape from mill and factory , and they rejoiced at its sight .
[in any case] for many industrial workers the station was their gateway to one week 's or two weeks ' escape from mill and factory , and they rejoiced at its sight .

Nevertheless the promotion of tourism was as old as the railway itself .
[in any case] the promotion of tourism was as old as the railway itself .

Nevertheless the coming of the railways had permanently transformed the structure and nature of French agriculture and rural life .
[in any case] the coming of the railways had permanently transformed the structure and nature of french agriculture and rural life .

Nevertheless the taxation rules remain significant in providing the framework within which the parties can negotiate .
[in any case] the taxation rules remain significant in providing the framework within which the parties can negotiate .

Nevertheless , certain procedural complexities will remain and continue to necessitate the services of a lawyer in the pursuit of a claim .
[in any case] , certain procedural complexities will remain and continue to necessitate the services of a lawyer in the pursuit of a claim .

Whilst the Civil Justice Review , as its recommendations are introduced , will produce considerable changes to the current High Court procedure in an effort to reduce delay , cost and complexity , the current procedure nevertheless provides an insight to what happens to civil actions prior to trial .
whilst the civil justice review , as its recommendations are introduced , will produce considerable changes to the current high court procedure in an effort to reduce delay , cost and complexity , the current procedure [in any case] provides an insight to what happens to civil actions prior to trial .

But it writhed within him , nevertheless .
but it writhed within him , [in any case] .

Nevertheless , Alistair tells me that Faksimile Verlag is confident that its 980 copies will be bought soon .
[in any case] , alistair tells me that faksimile verlag is confident that its 980 copies will be bought soon .

Nevertheless , the analyses from Veneras 9 and 10 are also consistent with basaltic composition whereas the analyses from Venera 8 are less consistent , and may indicate a substantially different kind of rock .
[in any case] , the analyses from veneras 9 and 10 are also consistent with basaltic composition whereas the analyses from venera 8 are less consistent , and may indicate a substantially different kind of rock .

Nevertheless , there were older observations that would long ago have shown that the longer period was wrong .
[in any case] , there were older observations that would long ago have shown that the longer period was wrong .

Nevertheless this is the most prescriptive statement of the professional roles in this field that has yet been made .
[in any case] this is the most prescriptive statement of the professional roles in this field that has yet been made .

Nevertheless , the processes of summarizing and formulation are complex and therefore , initially , it may be helpful to consider the information in relation to the three dimensions — personal , family and community — around which data was collected .
[in any case] , the processes of summarizing and formulation are complex and therefore , initially , it may be helpful to consider the information in relation to the three dimensions — personal , family and community — around which data was collected .

Nevertheless , government guidance subsequent to the Act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :
[in any case] , government guidance subsequent to the act itself has endorsed the comprehensive needs-led approach to assessment and envisages a separation of assessment from care management and service provision :

While Fisher is right to argue that some important principles can , nevertheless , be applied , he is also right to say that the consumerist philosophy and concepts of compulsory care which involve acting in the individual 's interests are basically incompatible .
while fisher is right to argue that some important principles can , [in any case] , be applied , he is also right to say that the consumerist philosophy and concepts of compulsory care which involve acting in the individual 's interests are basically incompatible .

Since the approach was fairly new to all interviewed ( none had been operating it for more than nine months ) the responses may have more to do with expectations than experience , but nevertheless they serve to sketch out the potential of the care programme approach to affect every aspect of mental health care , for good or ill .
since the approach was fairly new to all interviewed ( none had been operating it for more than nine months ) the responses may have more to do with expectations than experience , but [in any case] they serve to sketch out the potential of the care programme approach to affect every aspect of mental health care , for good or ill .

Nevertheless it is still of concern that studies such as this treat Asians and Afro-Caribbeans as if they were a homogenous group .
[in any case] it is still of concern that studies such as this treat asians and afro-caribbeans as if they were a homogenous group .

Nevertheless this is a major weakness of the paper , as it is notoriously difficult for those seeking compensation to resolve their internal conflicts whilst litigation is still in progress .
[in any case] this is a major weakness of the paper , as it is notoriously difficult for those seeking compensation to resolve their internal conflicts whilst litigation is still in progress .

Nevertheless , this is a very accessible book for the practitioner , especially one who is not already familiar with the research and debates of the past decade .
[in any case] , this is a very accessible book for the practitioner , especially one who is not already familiar with the research and debates of the past decade .

Nevertheless she spent her spare time preparing for his possible return , practising singing the songs he used to like , tears rolling down her cheeks all the while .
[in any case] she spent her spare time preparing for his possible return , practising singing the songs he used to like , tears rolling down her cheeks all the while .

Nevertheless , levity is sometimes difficult to resist , for there are occasions when even the most solemn and serious student of legislation is compelled to the conclusion either that Parliament has gone off its collective head or that the parliamentary draftsman was drunk , demented or determined to perpetrate ( and perpetuate ) some private joke in the well-founded hope that it would not be spotted until it was too late .
[in any case] , levity is sometimes difficult to resist , for there are occasions when even the most solemn and serious student of legislation is compelled to the conclusion either that parliament has gone off its collective head or that the parliamentary draftsman was drunk , demented or determined to perpetrate ( and perpetuate ) some private joke in the well-founded hope that it would not be spotted until it was too late .

But as the reader will be aware , during the past decade or so , the courts , building on a series of decisions which quite properly and logically held ineffective a number of ingenious and entirely artificial schemes devised for the manufacture and allowance of losses or expenses which were never in fact incurred , have sought to create and apply to transactions conferring tax advantages for which the legislature has made provision a doctrine of ‘ legitimate business purpose ’ , the general effect of which is that even though the citizen follows to the letter that which Parliament has told him that he can do in order to attract the fiscal consequences which Parliament has statutorily decreed will follow if he does it , nevertheless , whatever Parliament may have said shall be the consequences , the courts will and must decline to give effect , not to what he has done , but to the fiscal consequences which Parliament has provided , unless he demonstrates that there was a ‘ legitimate business purpose ’ for his action .
but as the reader will be aware , during the past decade or so , the courts , building on a series of decisions which quite properly and logically held ineffective a number of ingenious and entirely artificial schemes devised for the manufacture and allowance of losses or expenses which were never in fact incurred , have sought to create and apply to transactions conferring tax advantages for which the legislature has made provision a doctrine of ‘ legitimate business purpose ’ , the general effect of which is that even though the citizen follows to the letter that which parliament has told him that he can do in order to attract the fiscal consequences which parliament has statutorily decreed will follow if he does it , [in any case] , whatever parliament may have said shall be the consequences , the courts will and must decline to give effect , not to what he has done , but to the fiscal consequences which parliament has provided , unless he demonstrates that there was a ‘ legitimate business purpose ’ for his action .

There are , nevertheless , features of the Maastricht text which raise questions of general legal interest , irrespective of its fate .
there are , [in any case] , features of the maastricht text which raise questions of general legal interest , irrespective of its fate .

It is , nevertheless , interesting to note that the Council Decision 88/840 on the Vienna Convention and Montreal Protocol on the protection of the ozone layer , agreements which were obviously negotiated on the footing that they fell partly within Community competence and partly within the competence of the Member States , contained provisions which actually instructed the Member States as a matter of Community law to deposit their national instruments of ratification , acceptance , approval or accession , by 1 January 1989 .
it is , [in any case] , interesting to note that the council decision 88/840 on the vienna convention and montreal protocol on the protection of the ozone layer , agreements which were obviously negotiated on the footing that they fell partly within community competence and partly within the competence of the member states , contained provisions which actually instructed the member states as a matter of community law to deposit their national instruments of ratification , acceptance , approval or accession , by 1 january 1989 .

It is , nevertheless , submitted that the Court may not review the outcome of that consideration except in the circumstances outlined above .
it is , [in any case] , submitted that the court may not review the outcome of that consideration except in the circumstances outlined above .

In addition , a statement may be a clear expression of legislative intention , and adopted as an expression of parliamentary intention , but nevertheless be based on an erroneous premise .
in addition , a statement may be a clear expression of legislative intention , and adopted as an expression of parliamentary intention , but [in any case] be based on an erroneous premise .

Nevertheless , the overall record is encouraging .
[in any case] , the overall record is encouraging .

Without hard evidence , he remained sceptical of the Interfor Report 's findings , but nevertheless called for a genuine public inquiry .
without hard evidence , he remained sceptical of the interfor report 's findings , but [in any case] called for a genuine public inquiry .

Written by Christopher Bigsby , broadcaster and Professor of American Studies at the University of East Anglia , Hester and its eponymous heroine nevertheless bear some relation to Nathaniel Hawthorne 's novel .
written by christopher bigsby , broadcaster and professor of american studies at the university of east anglia , hester and its eponymous heroine [in any case] bear some relation to nathaniel hawthorne 's novel .

Nevertheless , it does contain much revealing information about operatic fees and fascinating insights into the negotiations that surrounded them .
[in any case] , it does contain much revealing information about operatic fees and fascinating insights into the negotiations that surrounded them .

The choices of the authors are nevertheless quite practical since players are much more likely to pick their pitch standards than original ones .
the choices of the authors are [in any case] quite practical since players are much more likely to pick their pitch standards than original ones .

If it is considered that there was no implied threat in this situation , will the defendant nevertheless be guilty ?
if it is considered that there was no implied threat in this situation , will the defendant [in any case] be guilty ?

In Fletcher , a nineteenth century case involving a mentally deficient 16-year-old girl , three judges expressed the view that , if such a girl acted out of ‘ animal instinct , ’ she would nevertheless be regarded as having consented .
in fletcher , a nineteenth century case involving a mentally deficient 16-year-old girl , three judges expressed the view that , if such a girl acted out of ‘ animal instinct , ’ she would [in any case] be regarded as having consented .

Women who expressly state that they do not consent to intercourse may nevertheless be considered to consent to it .
women who expressly state that they do not consent to intercourse may [in any case] be considered to consent to it .

Nevertheless , a weak man , provoked beyond a certain point , is sometimes more dangerous than one prone to violence .
[in any case] , a weak man , provoked beyond a certain point , is sometimes more dangerous than one prone to violence .

Nevertheless , playing against Canadian Province champions and , on one occasion against former world champion Ed Northcott , resulted in severe erosion of the lead we had built up earlier .
[in any case] , playing against canadian province champions and , on one occasion against former world champion ed northcott , resulted in severe erosion of the lead we had built up earlier .

In making this joint judgement , it is nevertheless the manager 's responsibility to have due regard to the experience of the employees concerned and the anticipated nature of the interaction .
in making this joint judgement , it is [in any case] the manager 's responsibility to have due regard to the experience of the employees concerned and the anticipated nature of the interaction .

Nevertheless , the total number of casualties is the second lowest annual total since the Region was formed in 1975 .
[in any case] , the total number of casualties is the second lowest annual total since the region was formed in 1975 .

Nevertheless , it is recognised that the young person is becoming increasingly influenced by the world in which he/she lives — in the main a pluralist and secular world .
[in any case] , it is recognised that the young person is becoming increasingly influenced by the world in which he/she lives — in the main a pluralist and secular world .

Nevertheless , the role of the teacher is recognised as crucial .
[in any case] , the role of the teacher is recognised as crucial .

Nevertheless , if the Short Courses are to be studied in a Catholic context , the content of these courses is important and its relationship to the development of skills needs clarification .
[in any case] , if the short courses are to be studied in a catholic context , the content of these courses is important and its relationship to the development of skills needs clarification .

Nevertheless , despite the above positive features of assessment and certification , there may be some well-motivated and diligent pupils who still fail to achieve all the learning outcomes .
[in any case] , despite the above positive features of assessment and certification , there may be some well-motivated and diligent pupils who still fail to achieve all the learning outcomes .

The peak in our schools was not reached until 1983 ( Table 1 ) nevertheless the subsequent drop has matched that in the state sector . In the three years since 1983 sixth form numbers have dropped by 13% from 40,055 to 34,961 with a staying on rate of 33% ( as against the national average of 31
the peak in our schools was not reached until 1983 ( table 1 ) [in any case] the subsequent drop has matched that in the state sector . in the three years since 1983 sixth form numbers have dropped by 13% from 40,055 to 34,961 with a staying on rate of 33% ( as against the national average of 31

71 ) , was almost certainly planned as a whole but , nevertheless , provides a useful illustration of these considerations .
71 ) , was almost certainly planned as a whole but , [in any case] , provides a useful illustration of these considerations .

The many affinities of arrangement and drawing between British mosaics ( which , nevertheless , fail to show instances of identity ) tends to support this view , and , further , suggests the use of pattern books ( compendia ) .
the many affinities of arrangement and drawing between british mosaics ( which , [in any case] , fail to show instances of identity ) tends to support this view , and , further , suggests the use of pattern books ( compendia ) .

Nevertheless , these trends should not be overlooked : there has been a tendency to stop at the recognition of particular forms of arrangement etc .
[in any case] , these trends should not be overlooked : there has been a tendency to stop at the recognition of particular forms of arrangement etc .

Nevertheless , if pragmatics is to be considered a component within linguistic theory ( a question to which we shall return ) , it may be that to include such principles is indeed to include too much .
[in any case] , if pragmatics is to be considered a component within linguistic theory ( a question to which we shall return ) , it may be that to include such principles is indeed to include too much .

Such an approach might begin by adopting Goffman 's ( 1976 ) distinction between systems-constraints and ritual-constraints , where the first labels the ingredients essential to sustaining any kind of systematic interweaving of actions by more than one party , and the second those ingredients that , while not essential to the maintaining of interaction , are nevertheless typical of it they are , if one likes , the social dimensions of interaction .
such an approach might begin by adopting goffman 's ( 1976 ) distinction between systems-constraints and ritual-constraints , where the first labels the ingredients essential to sustaining any kind of systematic interweaving of actions by more than one party , and the second those ingredients that , while not essential to the maintaining of interaction , are [in any case] typical of it they are , if one likes , the social dimensions of interaction .

Rather , in most ordinary kinds of talk these principles are oriented to , such that when talk does not proceed according to their specifications , hearers assume that , contrary to appearances , the principles are nevertheless being adhered to at some deeper level .
rather , in most ordinary kinds of talk these principles are oriented to , such that when talk does not proceed according to their specifications , hearers assume that , contrary to appearances , the principles are [in any case] being adhered to at some deeper level .

If the speaker is observing the maxims in a fairly direct way , he may nevertheless rely on the addressee to amplify what he says by some straightforward inferences based on the assumption that the speaker is following the maxims .
if the speaker is observing the maxims in a fairly direct way , he may [in any case] rely on the addressee to amplify what he says by some straightforward inferences based on the assumption that the speaker is following the maxims .

Nevertheless the idyllic side of undergraduate life was there to be enjoyed — though short on male companions as the pre-war ratio of male and female undergraduates was about reversed .
[in any case] the idyllic side of undergraduate life was there to be enjoyed — though short on male companions as the pre-war ratio of male and female undergraduates was about reversed .

Thus , while a ruling of the executive is helpful in determining a particular course of action , it is nevertheless possible that the ruling could be reversed subsequently by the application of the other party to the takeover or , possibly , an aggrieved shareholder .
thus , while a ruling of the executive is helpful in determining a particular course of action , it is [in any case] possible that the ruling could be reversed subsequently by the application of the other party to the takeover or , possibly , an aggrieved shareholder .

That person should nevertheless have regard to its potential liability under the general law for negligent misstatement ( see Chapter 20 ) .
that person should [in any case] have regard to its potential liability under the general law for negligent misstatement ( see chapter 20 ) .

In general terms , a landlord ( like a vendor ) should disclose to the prospective tenant any defects in title that may not be obvious to the tenant unless it was clear that the tenant knew of the defects when it entered into the agreement for lease . Nevertheless , clauses 9.1 and 9.2 are dangerous as a tenant will prefer to know at the outset whether any defects affect the premises and the tenant 's solicitor should amend them as follows :
in general terms , a landlord ( like a vendor ) should disclose to the prospective tenant any defects in title that may not be obvious to the tenant unless it was clear that the tenant knew of the defects when it entered into the agreement for lease . [in any case] , clauses 9.1 and 9.2 are dangerous as a tenant will prefer to know at the outset whether any defects affect the premises and the tenant 's solicitor should amend them as follows :

Nevertheless , a landlord will be entitled to limit the authority of an agent to make representations and clauses 11.1 and 11.2 have been drafted with this in mind .
[in any case] , a landlord will be entitled to limit the authority of an agent to make representations and clauses 11.1 and 11.2 have been drafted with this in mind .

The tenant should nevertheless consider whether it wishes the specified risks to include subsidence , the sprinkler system ( if any ) , aerial devices other than aircraft and impact other than road vehicles , among others .
the tenant should [in any case] consider whether it wishes the specified risks to include subsidence , the sprinkler system ( if any ) , aerial devices other than aircraft and impact other than road vehicles , among others .

The exception may nevertheless be worthwhile making to see what the landlord will offer as a compromise .
the exception may [in any case] be worthwhile making to see what the landlord will offer as a compromise .

6.4 Non-competition It may not be in the best interests of the landlord or the tenant for there to be several units within a shopping centre being entitled to sell the same goods or services . Good estate management should result in the landlord maintaining an even balance of trades but the following clause is nevertheless prudent : Not to permit or suffer any [ adjoining or neighbouring premises in the ownership or control of the Landlord ] [ other premises in the Centre ] to be used for the business from time to time being carried on in the Premises
6.4 non-competition it may not be in the best interests of the landlord or the tenant for there to be several units within a shopping centre being entitled to sell the same goods or services . good estate management should result in the landlord maintaining an even balance of trades but the following clause is [in any case] prudent : not to permit or suffer any [ adjoining or neighbouring premises in the ownership or control of the landlord ] [ other premises in the centre ] to be used for the business from time to time being carried on in the premises

Clause 7.9.3 is not to be spurned by the tenant , but if the tenant calls for details of the insurance on a regular basis , as it should do , it is perhaps not vital but nevertheless worth including .
clause 7.9.3 is not to be spurned by the tenant , but if the tenant calls for details of the insurance on a regular basis , as it should do , it is perhaps not vital but [in any case] worth including .

9.5 Effect of waiver Each of the Tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the Landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the Centre or the Adjoining Property This provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .
9.5 effect of waiver each of the tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the centre or the adjoining property this provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is [in any case] satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .

Nevertheless , if the provision is to remain , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the Landlord 's covenants herein contained
[in any case] , if the provision is to remain , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the landlord 's covenants herein contained

Nevertheless , the section makes clear that an agreement to submit disputes to arbitration is not to be regarded as an exclusion .
[in any case] , the section makes clear that an agreement to submit disputes to arbitration is not to be regarded as an exclusion .

Nevertheless , they represent the first steps toward a more analytic mode of thought .
[in any case] , they represent the first steps toward a more analytic mode of thought .

The expression `` That shady City of Palme trees ' is more conventionally homophoric ; but nevertheless it is metaphorically `` displaced `` and encoded through the use of a distal demonstrative .
the expression `` that shady city of palme trees ' is more conventionally homophoric ; but [in any case] it is metaphorically `` displaced `` and encoded through the use of a distal demonstrative .

In non-residential transactions , the National Protocol will not be used , but it nevertheless remains important to obtain a clear schedule of fixtures and fittings included and excluded .
in non-residential transactions , the national protocol will not be used , but it [in any case] remains important to obtain a clear schedule of fixtures and fittings included and excluded .

If despite your gloomy forebodings your client nevertheless instructs you to proceed , confirm your advice and his instructions by letter , and advise your client 's mortgagees , if you act for them , or if not , advise their solicitors of the provision and do n't agree the draft until you know that the term is acceptable to them , too .
if despite your gloomy forebodings your client [in any case] instructs you to proceed , confirm your advice and his instructions by letter , and advise your client 's mortgagees , if you act for them , or if not , advise their solicitors of the provision and do n't agree the draft until you know that the term is acceptable to them , too .

Even if he comes by it innocently , nevertheless once he gets to know that it was originally given in confidence , he can be restrained from breaking that confidence .
even if he comes by it innocently , [in any case] once he gets to know that it was originally given in confidence , he can be restrained from breaking that confidence .

Nevertheless , in the following situations certain formalities have to be satisfied : ( 1 ) Auction sales .
[in any case] , in the following situations certain formalities have to be satisfied : ( 1 ) auction sales .

Nevertheless , in the case of contract hire of motor vehicles , the requirement of durability for the whole contract period is often expressly incorporated in the contract where , of course , the hirer pays extra in terms of rentals for facilities such as servicing and the provision for a replacement vehicle .
[in any case] , in the case of contract hire of motor vehicles , the requirement of durability for the whole contract period is often expressly incorporated in the contract where , of course , the hirer pays extra in terms of rentals for facilities such as servicing and the provision for a replacement vehicle .

Section 3 provides that a false trade description is one of material degree and this includes statements which , although literally true , are nevertheless misleading ( s3 ( 2 ) ) .
section 3 provides that a false trade description is one of material degree and this includes statements which , although literally true , are [in any case] misleading ( s3 ( 2 ) ) .

Nevertheless , Blake 's achievement in producing digestible theory and illuminating analyses within the confines of such a short book is considerable .
[in any case] , blake 's achievement in producing digestible theory and illuminating analyses within the confines of such a short book is considerable .

Nevertheless , the Guidance suggests that local authorities review service provision plans for children in need in the same way as they are required by regulation to review their plans for children they are looking after ( see Chapter 16 , 8 ) .
[in any case] , the guidance suggests that local authorities review service provision plans for children in need in the same way as they are required by regulation to review their plans for children they are looking after ( see chapter 16 , 8 ) .

Nevertheless it can have a far-reaching effect on the lives of those identified as known or suspected abusers .
[in any case] it can have a far-reaching effect on the lives of those identified as known or suspected abusers .

If a witness is not available to attend the hearing after a written statement has been filed and served the court may nevertheless admit the statement as evidence although the lack of opportunity for cross-examination will affect the weight attached to it .
if a witness is not available to attend the hearing after a written statement has been filed and served the court may [in any case] admit the statement as evidence although the lack of opportunity for cross-examination will affect the weight attached to it .

Nevertheless s32 ( 1 ) requires the court to draw up a timetable for disposing of the case without delay and s1 ( 2 ) requires it to have regard to the general principle that any delay is likely to prejudice the child .
[in any case] s32 ( 1 ) requires the court to draw up a timetable for disposing of the case without delay and s1 ( 2 ) requires it to have regard to the general principle that any delay is likely to prejudice the child .

There may nevertheless be a small number of cases in which a family assistance order may be appropriate and the court may make one if satisfied that the circumstances of the case are exceptional ( s16 ( 3 ) ) .
there may [in any case] be a small number of cases in which a family assistance order may be appropriate and the court may make one if satisfied that the circumstances of the case are exceptional ( s16 ( 3 ) ) .

Where there is no attendance note but it is nevertheless clear that the particular task had been done , then the taxing officer will have to assess how long the particular job is likely to have taken .
where there is no attendance note but it is [in any case] clear that the particular task had been done , then the taxing officer will have to assess how long the particular job is likely to have taken .

There seems to be an exception in the case of trade unions which can not sue for libel ( see above ) but can nevertheless be made defendants as a result of the abolition of their immunity in tort by s15 of the 1982 Employment Act .
there seems to be an exception in the case of trade unions which can not sue for libel ( see above ) but can [in any case] be made defendants as a result of the abolition of their immunity in tort by s15 of the 1982 employment act .

Although primarily a disease of young dairy cattle , ostertagiasis can nevertheless affect groups of older cattle in the herd , particularly if these have had little previous exposure to the parasite , since there is no significant age immunity to infection .
although primarily a disease of young dairy cattle , ostertagiasis can [in any case] affect groups of older cattle in the herd , particularly if these have had little previous exposure to the parasite , since there is no significant age immunity to infection .

Nevertheless , in severe cases , pulmonary oedema and emphysema may occur and the lung surface may be studded with purulent areas of secondary infection .
[in any case] , in severe cases , pulmonary oedema and emphysema may occur and the lung surface may be studded with purulent areas of secondary infection .

Fearing to open it , she nevertheless forced herself across the room , but when it swung open a maid in a black dress and smart white apron stood before her .
fearing to open it , she [in any case] forced herself across the room , but when it swung open a maid in a black dress and smart white apron stood before her .

They try to explain why surprise is generally undesirable and also when it should nevertheless be accepted .
they try to explain why surprise is generally undesirable and also when it should [in any case] be accepted .

But a sophisticated pragmatist might nevertheless be tempted , for reasons he would believe fully respectable , to disguise these attenuations .
but a sophisticated pragmatist might [in any case] be tempted , for reasons he would believe fully respectable , to disguise these attenuations .

Suppose it has never been decided whether people who accept a check they have reason to believe is forged can nevertheless collect on it .
suppose it has never been decided whether people who accept a check they have reason to believe is forged can [in any case] collect on it .

Someone may now say : nevertheless , though checkerboard solutions may be desirable for that reason on some occasions , we do better to reject their use out of hand in advance , because we have reason to think that in the long run more discrete injustice will be created than avoided through these solutions .
someone may now say : [in any case] , though checkerboard solutions may be desirable for that reason on some occasions , we do better to reject their use out of hand in advance , because we have reason to think that in the long run more discrete injustice will be created than avoided through these solutions .

If they rank the checkerboard solution last in other circumstances , in the case of strict liability for manufacturers , for example , they nevertheless believe that internal compromise is wrong , though for reasons that yield when the substantive issue is very grave .
if they rank the checkerboard solution last in other circumstances , in the case of strict liability for manufacturers , for example , they [in any case] believe that internal compromise is wrong , though for reasons that yield when the substantive issue is very grave .

Nevertheless there was some hope that the rifts in the Labour Party would produce some new combinations on the Left .
[in any case] there was some hope that the rifts in the labour party would produce some new combinations on the left .

Nevertheless `` working class unity remained a desired end despite all our disappointments in seeking it .
[in any case] `` working class unity remained a desired end despite all our disappointments in seeking it .

While Aborigines may not appear an obvious choice of topic for a viewdata search , the teacher nevertheless found that the tourist information on Australia not only provided some useful background material , but could be used to obtain travel brochures in quantity which the pupils could then use as a visual source .
while aborigines may not appear an obvious choice of topic for a viewdata search , the teacher [in any case] found that the tourist information on australia not only provided some useful background material , but could be used to obtain travel brochures in quantity which the pupils could then use as a visual source .

Large sums of money were missing from the business , and while his colleagues now realised that her father was ill — and obviously had n't deliberately intended to commit any kind of fraud — nevertheless , the money had had to be replaced as quickly as possible .
large sums of money were missing from the business , and while his colleagues now realised that her father was ill — and obviously had n't deliberately intended to commit any kind of fraud — [in any case] , the money had had to be replaced as quickly as possible .

Barely conscious , Liz had nevertheless recognised Laura , and had clearly been attempting to communicate her deep distress and worry about her children .
barely conscious , liz had [in any case] recognised laura , and had clearly been attempting to communicate her deep distress and worry about her children .

While Ross was fighting to save his business — rather like David against Goliath — he really could n't be expected to deal with the boringly mundane but nevertheless important work of running the apartment as efficiently as possible .
while ross was fighting to save his business — rather like david against goliath — he really could n't be expected to deal with the boringly mundane but [in any case] important work of running the apartment as efficiently as possible .

Though it would be a great personal sadness to have to do it , it would nevertheless give her the greatest satisfaction to see Kirsty settled in a warm and loving family .
though it would be a great personal sadness to have to do it , it would [in any case] give her the greatest satisfaction to see kirsty settled in a warm and loving family .

Most watches become false alarms ; nevertheless , they were buttoning up the collection and making sure that every completed aircraft was hangared .
most watches become false alarms ; [in any case] , they were buttoning up the collection and making sure that every completed aircraft was hangared .

Some account of the breadth of the definition is , nevertheless , needed .
some account of the breadth of the definition is , [in any case] , needed .

Reference must , nevertheless , be made to one further matter .
reference must , [in any case] , be made to one further matter .

Nevertheless , ‘ the government is firmly committed to the protection of the environment ’ though ‘ this need not be incompatible with ensuring that adequate supplies of opencast are produced ’ .
[in any case] , ‘ the government is firmly committed to the protection of the environment ’ though ‘ this need not be incompatible with ensuring that adequate supplies of opencast are produced ’ .

When we are dealing with the structure plan for which there is no local plan in force , we have a new problem which is that , owing to the diagrammatic nature of the plans , no one will be able to say with certainty that this does or does not affect the claimant 's property , but that nevertheless , because of that very uncertainty , a wider number of properties may be affected .
when we are dealing with the structure plan for which there is no local plan in force , we have a new problem which is that , owing to the diagrammatic nature of the plans , no one will be able to say with certainty that this does or does not affect the claimant 's property , but that [in any case] , because of that very uncertainty , a wider number of properties may be affected .

Despite the inherent difficulties of determining this in advance ( at least to the satisfaction of the public and the local amenity societies ) it is nevertheless a fact that some 80 per cent of all applications are granted , and that many of these are simple and straightforward .
despite the inherent difficulties of determining this in advance ( at least to the satisfaction of the public and the local amenity societies ) it is [in any case] a fact that some 80 per cent of all applications are granted , and that many of these are simple and straightforward .

Nevertheless Dobry started a debate which proved to be of wider and of greater long term significance than was envisaged when he was commissioned to assist in ‘ streamlining the planning machine ’ .
[in any case] dobry started a debate which proved to be of wider and of greater long term significance than was envisaged when he was commissioned to assist in ‘ streamlining the planning machine ’ .

Nevertheless , there are extensive powers ( outlined in Chapter 6 ) to prevent the demolition of buildings of historic or architectural quality .
[in any case] , there are extensive powers ( outlined in chapter 6 ) to prevent the demolition of buildings of historic or architectural quality .

Nevertheless , the 1980 Act makes it abundantly clear that , though districts are the development control authorities , they must direct their decisions to the implementation of the structure plan for their area .
[in any case] , the 1980 act makes it abundantly clear that , though districts are the development control authorities , they must direct their decisions to the implementation of the structure plan for their area .

Nevertheless , the owner of the land on which development is prohibited will claim compensation for the full potential development of his land , irrespective of the fact that the value may shift to another site .
[in any case] , the owner of the land on which development is prohibited will claim compensation for the full potential development of his land , irrespective of the fact that the value may shift to another site .

Nevertheless , ‘ those areas where pressure to build is greatest are precisely those where pressure not to build is also greatest ’ ; but , ending on an optimistic note .
[in any case] , ‘ those areas where pressure to build is greatest are precisely those where pressure not to build is also greatest ’ ; but , ending on an optimistic note .

Nevertheless , speedy results can not be expected , since much research remains to be done .
[in any case] , speedy results can not be expected , since much research remains to be done .

Nevertheless , concern about the loss of agricultural land has had a major impact on development plans , on planning decisions , and on appeal decisions .
[in any case] , concern about the loss of agricultural land has had a major impact on development plans , on planning decisions , and on appeal decisions .

Nevertheless , local authorities have power not only to prevent developments which would clash with amenity ( for example , the siting of a repair garage in a residential area ) but also to reject badly designed developments which are not intrinsically harmful .
[in any case] , local authorities have power not only to prevent developments which would clash with amenity ( for example , the siting of a repair garage in a residential area ) but also to reject badly designed developments which are not intrinsically harmful .

she was pivoting round with Willi , stumbling , tripping , but nevertheless dancing .
she was pivoting round with willi , stumbling , tripping , but [in any case] dancing .

Nevertheless , the model does show that a good deal is now known about the illness , and this information provides both promising avenues for future research and implications for preventive intervention .
[in any case] , the model does show that a good deal is now known about the illness , and this information provides both promising avenues for future research and implications for preventive intervention .

Nevertheless , children between the ages of six months and three and a half years appear to be often adversely affected by hospital admissions lasting longer than one week , or by repeated admissions .
[in any case] , children between the ages of six months and three and a half years appear to be often adversely affected by hospital admissions lasting longer than one week , or by repeated admissions .

However , although it seems at first sight that prospects for prevention associated with life events are bleak , there are nevertheless a number of realistic possibilities , and it is important to go through these .
however , although it seems at first sight that prospects for prevention associated with life events are bleak , there are [in any case] a number of realistic possibilities , and it is important to go through these .

Nevertheless pipe flow becomes turbulent at some Reynolds number between 2 × 103 and 105 .
[in any case] pipe flow becomes turbulent at some reynolds number between 2 × 103 and 105 .

Nevertheless , it is clear that the limiting factor is slug growth .
[in any case] , it is clear that the limiting factor is slug growth .

Nevertheless very good results can be obtained with smoke , as is illustrated by Figs .
[in any case] very good results can be obtained with smoke , as is illustrated by figs .

Nevertheless , Georgia O'Keeffe has a very special place in the history of American art .
[in any case] , georgia o'keeffe has a very special place in the history of american art .

The exhibition therefore is nothing more than a rerun of Celant 's European power-broking of the lat 1960s , a European and specifically a Milanese challenge to America 's claim to the avant-garde which nevertheless included many successful ( male ) American artists of the period .
the exhibition therefore is nothing more than a rerun of celant 's european power-broking of the lat 1960s , a european and specifically a milanese challenge to america 's claim to the avant-garde which [in any case] included many successful ( male ) american artists of the period .

Broad definitions of money also include various items such as deposit accounts in banks that can not be spent directly but which can nevertheless be readily converted into cash .
broad definitions of money also include various items such as deposit accounts in banks that can not be spent directly but which can [in any case] be readily converted into cash .

To economize on cash holdings ( which earn no interest ) , financial institutions hold other highly liquid assets which act as reserves , but which nevertheless earn them some interest ( see pages 658–60 ) .
to economize on cash holdings ( which earn no interest ) , financial institutions hold other highly liquid assets which act as reserves , but which [in any case] earn them some interest ( see pages 658–60 ) .

Even though banks hold only very small amounts of cash , they nevertheless hold a large amount of other relatively liquid assets which act as reserves , but which at the same time earn interest .
even though banks hold only very small amounts of cash , they [in any case] hold a large amount of other relatively liquid assets which act as reserves , but which at the same time earn interest .

But the Bank of England can nevertheless influence the rate of discount by altering the amount of Treasury bills it sells .
but the bank of england can [in any case] influence the rate of discount by altering the amount of treasury bills it sells .

Nevertheless the Bank of England still requires banks ( and other institutions in the monetary sector ) to maintain sufficient liquidity , and from time to time it can order them to increase their liquidity ratio if it feels that this is necessary .
[in any case] the bank of england still requires banks ( and other institutions in the monetary sector ) to maintain sufficient liquidity , and from time to time it can order them to increase their liquidity ratio if it feels that this is necessary .

The discount houses provide an important service to the banks by allowing them to hold extremely liquid assets ( money at call ) which nevertheless earn interest .
the discount houses provide an important service to the banks by allowing them to hold extremely liquid assets ( money at call ) which [in any case] earn interest .

Although the Bank of England does not deal directly in the parallel markets and does not provide ‘ last resort ’ lending facilities , it nevertheless closely monitors the various money market rates of interest and if necessary seeks to influence them , either by its dealings in the discount market or by ‘ indicating ’ the direction it would like to see interest rates move .
although the bank of england does not deal directly in the parallel markets and does not provide ‘ last resort ’ lending facilities , it [in any case] closely monitors the various money market rates of interest and if necessary seeks to influence them , either by its dealings in the discount market or by ‘ indicating ’ the direction it would like to see interest rates move .

Nevertheless , unless the liquidity preference curve is totally elastic , some financial crowding out will occur .
[in any case] , unless the liquidity preference curve is totally elastic , some financial crowding out will occur .

Nevertheless , if the authorities operate a tight monetary policy firmly enough and long enough , they should eventually be able to reduce lending and aggregate demand .
[in any case] , if the authorities operate a tight monetary policy firmly enough and long enough , they should eventually be able to reduce lending and aggregate demand .

Nevertheless there are problems with this approach too .
[in any case] there are problems with this approach too .

Others counselled against introducing a general requirement of this kind , but suggested the Law Society should nevertheless have the power to impose it in appropriate cases .
others counselled against introducing a general requirement of this kind , but suggested the law society should [in any case] have the power to impose it in appropriate cases .

Respondents from medium-sized and larger practices were more evenly divided on the issue , but nevertheless registered majorities in favour of capping .
respondents from medium-sized and larger practices were more evenly divided on the issue , but [in any case] registered majorities in favour of capping .

( e ) there was widespread agreement amongst those who opposed the proposal , that a solicitor who wished to act in the circumstances outlined in the question ought nevertheless to be under an obligation to disclose to the lender any personal , family or employee interests attaching to the transaction which might give rise to a conflict .
( e ) there was widespread agreement amongst those who opposed the proposal , that a solicitor who wished to act in the circumstances outlined in the question ought [in any case] to be under an obligation to disclose to the lender any personal , family or employee interests attaching to the transaction which might give rise to a conflict .

Nevertheless , Owen thought he might be speaking the truth .
[in any case] , owen thought he might be speaking the truth .

Nevertheless , he has come here , so he must seek a favours
[in any case] , he has come here , so he must seek a favours

He was , nevertheless , in a genial mood this morning .
he was , [in any case] , in a genial mood this morning .

Nevertheless — ’
[in any case] — ’

She was , nevertheless , not entirely comfortable .
she was , [in any case] , not entirely comfortable .

Nevertheless , it is likely that birds have selected for sweeter fruits through evolutionary time .
[in any case] , it is likely that birds have selected for sweeter fruits through evolutionary time .

Nevertheless , the plants are dispersed by a range of other agents including primates and even water .
[in any case] , the plants are dispersed by a range of other agents including primates and even water .

Nevertheless , besides dispersing some species , howlers waste a large amount of fruit and seed material .
[in any case] , besides dispersing some species , howlers waste a large amount of fruit and seed material .

Nevertheless , such patterns reflect not only the present fauna , but in the cases of long-lived trees , the fauna of the past .
[in any case] , such patterns reflect not only the present fauna , but in the cases of long-lived trees , the fauna of the past .

Nevertheless , it may well be that such birds are conditioned to this colour and it has been shown that nectar quality can overcome colour prejudice .
[in any case] , it may well be that such birds are conditioned to this colour and it has been shown that nectar quality can overcome colour prejudice .

Nevertheless , specialization in some groups of plants does occur , as it does in some of animals , such that the broadly different ‘ syndromes ’ of pollination and dispersal have evolved repeatedly in different families and genera of plants and are apparently incipient even within some species .
[in any case] , specialization in some groups of plants does occur , as it does in some of animals , such that the broadly different ‘ syndromes ’ of pollination and dispersal have evolved repeatedly in different families and genera of plants and are apparently incipient even within some species .

Nevertheless , speciation appears to be greater in regions of geological instability or great physiographic diversity with rapid climatic gradients as in Madagascar .
[in any case] , speciation appears to be greater in regions of geological instability or great physiographic diversity with rapid climatic gradients as in madagascar .

Nevertheless , the range of environmental heterogeneity in the tropics from the foot of the Andes to their peaks is greater spatially than in temperate regions , even if the environment in temperate regions varies greatly temporally .
[in any case] , the range of environmental heterogeneity in the tropics from the foot of the andes to their peaks is greater spatially than in temperate regions , even if the environment in temperate regions varies greatly temporally .

Nevertheless , in ordinations of vegetation , the regeneration characteristics of assemblages of species may give meaning to the observeddistribution of vegetation types , rather than the terrestrial features of the environment .
[in any case] , in ordinations of vegetation , the regeneration characteristics of assemblages of species may give meaning to the observeddistribution of vegetation types , rather than the terrestrial features of the environment .

Nevertheless , less than half of the mammal fauna of Java , for example , survived the mid-Pleistocene and the arrival of humans .
[in any case] , less than half of the mammal fauna of java , for example , survived the mid-pleistocene and the arrival of humans .

Nevertheless , they modified the forest by nomadic behaviour and shifting cultivation , if they became truly independent .
[in any case] , they modified the forest by nomadic behaviour and shifting cultivation , if they became truly independent .

Nevertheless , tropical rain forest may be flammable at the edges , so that savanna may spread .
[in any case] , tropical rain forest may be flammable at the edges , so that savanna may spread .

Nevertheless , Japan is two-thirds wooded but imports half her pulp , and the United States grows half as much again timber as it needs and could easily become self-sufficient in hardwoods .
[in any case] , japan is two-thirds wooded but imports half her pulp , and the united states grows half as much again timber as it needs and could easily become self-sufficient in hardwoods .

Nevertheless , logged forests are fireprone and , in Borneo , this has led to the devastation discussed in Chapter 2 .
[in any case] , logged forests are fireprone and , in borneo , this has led to the devastation discussed in chapter 2 .

Nevertheless , the indications are that the populations recover if not disturbed again .
[in any case] , the indications are that the populations recover if not disturbed again .

Added to this is the pressure from wild-life traders for skins , eggs , live birds , and butterflies , much trafficking in which is now illegal , but nevertheless rampant .
added to this is the pressure from wild-life traders for skins , eggs , live birds , and butterflies , much trafficking in which is now illegal , but [in any case] rampant .

Nevertheless , between 1950 and 1975 the amount of pasture doubled and between 1966 and 1978 , perhaps as much as 80000km 2 of Brazil 's forests disappeared in the formation of ranches .
[in any case] , between 1950 and 1975 the amount of pasture doubled and between 1966 and 1978 , perhaps as much as 80000km 2 of brazil 's forests disappeared in the formation of ranches .

Nevertheless , local supplies may become exhausted and , with an increase in the use of charcoal , particularly in urban areas , forests far away are beginning to be affected .
[in any case] , local supplies may become exhausted and , with an increase in the use of charcoal , particularly in urban areas , forests far away are beginning to be affected .

Actively disliking him , she nevertheless realised that she found his company annoyingly … disturbing ?
actively disliking him , she [in any case] realised that she found his company annoyingly … disturbing ?

Nevertheless the memory of his stricken face was somehow disturbing and made her feel guilty — a strange and unpleasant sensation that she tried to banish by taking a final look at her patient .
[in any case] the memory of his stricken face was somehow disturbing and made her feel guilty — a strange and unpleasant sensation that she tried to banish by taking a final look at her patient .

Nevertheless , friendship was important , and that they now had in full .
[in any case] , friendship was important , and that they now had in full .

‘ Nevertheless , my child , you must answer to something , if only for the time being .
‘ [in any case] , my child , you must answer to something , if only for the time being .

Disturbingly attractive male though he might be , Dr Penry Vaughan was nevertheless a match for any peril which might threaten in the small hours .
disturbingly attractive male though he might be , dr penry vaughan was [in any case] a match for any peril which might threaten in the small hours .

Afraid to be alone , Leonora nevertheless found it impossible to sleep with the large figure of Penry Vaughan beside her bed .
afraid to be alone , leonora [in any case] found it impossible to sleep with the large figure of penry vaughan beside her bed .

Nevertheless she agreed to the luxury of a lie-in the following Sunday morning , even allowing her sister to fuss over her a little .
[in any case] she agreed to the luxury of a lie-in the following sunday morning , even allowing her sister to fuss over her a little .

Nevertheless , she tucked her hands safely into the pockets of her big skirt .
[in any case] , she tucked her hands safely into the pockets of her big skirt .

Rachel could see the reasoning behind that , but nevertheless felt angry towards Damian Flint — not because he had so obviously done the right thing , but because he was so clearly in complete control of a situation that had always been beyond Rachel .
rachel could see the reasoning behind that , but [in any case] felt angry towards damian flint — not because he had so obviously done the right thing , but because he was so clearly in complete control of a situation that had always been beyond rachel .

Fabia pinned a smile to her face nevertheless , as , ‘ Good morning , ’ she bade the chunky woman .
fabia pinned a smile to her face [in any case] , as , ‘ good morning , ’ she bade the chunky woman .

‘ But … ’ she cut in , and could see that he thought that to cut in was his sole prerogative when his look became stern and hostile . ‘ But , ’ she ploughed on nevertheless to protest , ‘ this is your holiday ! You do n't have to take me to dinner ! ’
‘ but … ’ she cut in , and could see that he thought that to cut in was his sole prerogative when his look became stern and hostile . ‘ but , ’ she ploughed on [in any case] to protest , ‘ this is your holiday ! you do n't have to take me to dinner ! ’

Nevertheless , his cruel words had sunk deep , hitting right at the very heart of her .
[in any case] , his cruel words had sunk deep , hitting right at the very heart of her .

‘ For coming to my rescue . It was a mad , crazy thing to do , but nevertheless … ’
‘ for coming to my rescue . it was a mad , crazy thing to do , but [in any case] … ’

Very much shaken as she was by the assault , she nevertheless would not have voluntarily given up her job — but she did not get the choice .
very much shaken as she was by the assault , she [in any case] would not have voluntarily given up her job — but she did not get the choice .

‘ But nevertheless , ’ she interrupted brittly , ‘ you felt fit to ask such an irrelevant question .
‘ but [in any case] , ’ she interrupted brittly , ‘ you felt fit to ask such an irrelevant question .

The strength was there now , a little late but there nevertheless .
the strength was there now , a little late but there [in any case] .

There was no need for tentative steps of discovery but nevertheless it was as if this were the very first time .
there was no need for tentative steps of discovery but [in any case] it was as if this were the very first time .

He had admitted that she was n't in his heart but she was nevertheless in his life .
he had admitted that she was n't in his heart but she was [in any case] in his life .

‘ Or crowded , ’ Fernando bemoaned as nevertheless he gathered her into his arms .
‘ or crowded , ’ fernando bemoaned as [in any case] he gathered her into his arms .

Nevertheless , she enquired politely in as loud a voice as she dared , ‘ Just how long is this hounding going to go on ? ’
[in any case] , she enquired politely in as loud a voice as she dared , ‘ just how long is this hounding going to go on ? ’

Nevertheless it is differences in the density and thickness of the crust that are largely responsible for variations in the isostatic adjustment of the lithosphere as a whole .
[in any case] it is differences in the density and thickness of the crust that are largely responsible for variations in the isostatic adjustment of the lithosphere as a whole .

Nevertheless , for the Andes as a whole , compressive stresses arising from plate convergence have not been the major cause of uplift .
[in any case] , for the andes as a whole , compressive stresses arising from plate convergence have not been the major cause of uplift .

Nevertheless , the juxtaposition of terranes with often dramatically different lithologies and structural characteristics is likely to be a significant factor in the long-term development of landscapes .
[in any case] , the juxtaposition of terranes with often dramatically different lithologies and structural characteristics is likely to be a significant factor in the long-term development of landscapes .

Nevertheless it is probable that factors other than lithospheric vulnerability , such as the actual global distribution of sub-lithospheric thermal anomalies , are important in influencing the occurrence of hot-spot volcanism and associated uplift .
[in any case] it is probable that factors other than lithospheric vulnerability , such as the actual global distribution of sub-lithospheric thermal anomalies , are important in influencing the occurrence of hot-spot volcanism and associated uplift .

Nevertheless , flexural isostasy provides a possible uplift mechanism for passive margins during their mature stage of development when the effects of the initial thermal uplift have diminished .
[in any case] , flexural isostasy provides a possible uplift mechanism for passive margins during their mature stage of development when the effects of the initial thermal uplift have diminished .

Nevertheless , these dimensions are dwarfed by the enormous volcanoes now known to exist on Mars , the highest of which , Olympus Mons , rises 26 km from the planet 's surface ( see Section 19.3.2 ) .
[in any case] , these dimensions are dwarfed by the enormous volcanoes now known to exist on mars , the highest of which , olympus mons , rises 26 km from the planet 's surface ( see section 19.3.2 ) .

Nevertheless the erosion of such landscapes can expose the successive lava flows which may then form low , but laterally persistent , cliff-like faces in which the hexagonal joint patterns that are sometimes developed in basalt are visible .
[in any case] the erosion of such landscapes can expose the successive lava flows which may then form low , but laterally persistent , cliff-like faces in which the hexagonal joint patterns that are sometimes developed in basalt are visible .

Nevertheless , it is appropriate to consider here those components of karst topography that owe much of their origin to weathering processes .
[in any case] , it is appropriate to consider here those components of karst topography that owe much of their origin to weathering processes .

But an increasing proportion of the users of the Archive are nevertheless very naive and need a large amount of support and assistance from Archive staff in depositing and accessing data .
but an increasing proportion of the users of the archive are [in any case] very naive and need a large amount of support and assistance from archive staff in depositing and accessing data .

Nevertheless , capitalism could not but undermine the agrarian bases of political stability , especially on the margins of , or within the dependent periphery of , the developed west .
[in any case] , capitalism could not but undermine the agrarian bases of political stability , especially on the margins of , or within the dependent periphery of , the developed west .

Nevertheless , as mass migration became part of common people 's experience , and every child in County Kildare had some cousin , uncle or brother already in Australia or the United States , uprooting became a common — and not necessarily irreversible — choice based on an assessment of prospects , and not merely a force of destiny .
[in any case] , as mass migration became part of common people 's experience , and every child in county kildare had some cousin , uncle or brother already in australia or the united states , uprooting became a common — and not necessarily irreversible — choice based on an assessment of prospects , and not merely a force of destiny .

Nevertheless the rapid and world-wide extension of the new economy was bound to require , and therefore to create , new types of such travellers .
[in any case] the rapid and world-wide extension of the new economy was bound to require , and therefore to create , new types of such travellers .

Nevertheless , so long as they did not organise — and sometimes even when they did — the workers themselves provided their employers with a solution to the problem of labour management : by and large they liked to work , and their expectations were remarkably modest .
[in any case] , so long as they did not organise — and sometimes even when they did — the workers themselves provided their employers with a solution to the problem of labour management : by and large they liked to work , and their expectations were remarkably modest .

Nevertheless during this period the extent to which bourgeois politics was actually conducted by practising ( or retired ) bourgeois was quite striking .
[in any case] during this period the extent to which bourgeois politics was actually conducted by practising ( or retired ) bourgeois was quite striking .

Nevertheless , there was in the mid-nineteenth century a sufficiently large reservoir of the older type of economically independent petty commodity producer or seller , and even of the skilled worker and foreman ( who still often took the place of the modern technological cadre ) , for the dividing-line to be hazy : some would prosper and , at least in their localities , become accepted bourgeois .
[in any case] , there was in the mid-nineteenth century a sufficiently large reservoir of the older type of economically independent petty commodity producer or seller , and even of the skilled worker and foreman ( who still often took the place of the modern technological cadre ) , for the dividing-line to be hazy : some would prosper and , at least in their localities , become accepted bourgeois .

Nevertheless , the mistake was both significant and comprehensible .
[in any case] , the mistake was both significant and comprehensible .

Nevertheless , the models of chemistry remained rather imperfect , and substantial advances in understanding them were made in the third quarter of the nineteenth century .
[in any case] , the models of chemistry remained rather imperfect , and substantial advances in understanding them were made in the third quarter of the nineteenth century .

In Italy its champions were more nervous of its social-revolutionary implications than of papal thunderbolts , but nevertheless confident enough .
in italy its champions were more nervous of its social-revolutionary implications than of papal thunderbolts , but [in any case] confident enough .

Nevertheless , if the academic historians followed their by-way of scholarship , history remained the main constituent of the new social sciences .
[in any case] , if the academic historians followed their by-way of scholarship , history remained the main constituent of the new social sciences .

Nevertheless , on the whole audiences did n't get to notice .
[in any case] , on the whole audiences did n't get to notice .

Nevertheless , she can now put moments like that totally behind her .
[in any case] , she can now put moments like that totally behind her .

’ Nevertheless , despite saying so , she is convinced that his diary is full of entries about her .
’ [in any case] , despite saying so , she is convinced that his diary is full of entries about her .

’ Nevertheless , is it too far fetched to include this in the collection of stories of guardsmen , telephone engineers and building site workers who went to Ken 's home ?
’ [in any case] , is it too far fetched to include this in the collection of stories of guardsmen , telephone engineers and building site workers who went to ken 's home ?

Nevertheless , the path to full employment through balanced deflation is likely to be fraught with hazards .
[in any case] , the path to full employment through balanced deflation is likely to be fraught with hazards .

Nevertheless , even with highly flexible wages and prices , the supposedly therapeutic properties of money wage reductions should be viewed with great circumspection .
[in any case] , even with highly flexible wages and prices , the supposedly therapeutic properties of money wage reductions should be viewed with great circumspection .

Keynes was nevertheless very cautious in accepting the phenomenon of diminishing marginal costs as a general characteristic even of an economy experiencing substantial levels of unemployment .
keynes was [in any case] very cautious in accepting the phenomenon of diminishing marginal costs as a general characteristic even of an economy experiencing substantial levels of unemployment .

Nevertheless serious problems remain with Keynes 's simple theory of the firm .
[in any case] serious problems remain with keynes 's simple theory of the firm .

Nevertheless his results were quite remarkable .
[in any case] his results were quite remarkable .

Nevertheless we are still left with the nagging question : under what circumstances will the actual rate of inflation exceed the expected rate of inflation ?
[in any case] we are still left with the nagging question : under what circumstances will the actual rate of inflation exceed the expected rate of inflation ?

Nevertheless , setting these consequences to one side for the moment , Friedman 's analysis did appear to countenance the possibility of pursuing expansionary , neutral or contractionary demand management policies .
[in any case] , setting these consequences to one side for the moment , friedman 's analysis did appear to countenance the possibility of pursuing expansionary , neutral or contractionary demand management policies .

It will be recalled from Chapter 6 that Friedman , while denying any lasting relationship between inflation and unemployment , nevertheless insisted that there did exist a relationship between unanticipated inflation and unemployment .
it will be recalled from chapter 6 that friedman , while denying any lasting relationship between inflation and unemployment , [in any case] insisted that there did exist a relationship between unanticipated inflation and unemployment .

Nevertheless , since only variables which are observable at the end of period t - 1 are admissible into the policy rule , these gut feelings are not allowed to have any direct impact on how , , is arrived at , although they may have an indirect influence through some other measurable variable which is admissible into the policy rule .
[in any case] , since only variables which are observable at the end of period t - 1 are admissible into the policy rule , these gut feelings are not allowed to have any direct impact on how , , is arrived at , although they may have an indirect influence through some other measurable variable which is admissible into the policy rule .

Nevertheless , since a requirement of rationality is that the subjective expectation of the price level , , should equal the objective conditional mathematical expectation for , it follows that .
[in any case] , since a requirement of rationality is that the subjective expectation of the price level , , should equal the objective conditional mathematical expectation for , it follows that .

How on earth does one set about devising a convincing measure of something as impalpable , though nevertheless real , as the degree of trades union militancy ?
how on earth does one set about devising a convincing measure of something as impalpable , though [in any case] real , as the degree of trades union militancy ?

Nevertheless , the mere submission to a medical examination does not entitle the plaintiff to see the report produced to the defendant as a result of that examination .
[in any case] , the mere submission to a medical examination does not entitle the plaintiff to see the report produced to the defendant as a result of that examination .

Nevertheless , all these matters are only indicative , and can not be said to be conclusive .
[in any case] , all these matters are only indicative , and can not be said to be conclusive .

Nevertheless , as will be seen from both Precedent 1 and Precedent 2 , neither the buyer nor the seller has chosen to rely on this maxim .
[in any case] , as will be seen from both precedent 1 and precedent 2 , neither the buyer nor the seller has chosen to rely on this maxim .

Nevertheless , once signed by an authorised employee of the buyer , the statement on such delivery notes is often hard to rebut .
[in any case] , once signed by an authorised employee of the buyer , the statement on such delivery notes is often hard to rebut .

( a ) Overseas Practice Rules 1990 Whilst the Solicitors ' Practice Rules only regulate the conduct of solicitors in practice as such in England and Wales , those who practise as solicitors outside that jurisdiction nevertheless remain subject to the authority of the Law Society and must comply with its Overseas Practice Rules .
( a ) overseas practice rules 1990 whilst the solicitors ' practice rules only regulate the conduct of solicitors in practice as such in england and wales , those who practise as solicitors outside that jurisdiction [in any case] remain subject to the authority of the law society and must comply with its overseas practice rules .

Nevertheless any such other business will be likely to interfere with the partner 's ability to devote his full time and attention to the firm : such matters should be discussed between all partners and special arrangements agreed as necessary in relation to individual partners to be either incorporated in the partnership agreement itself or contained in a separate memorandum to which all partners are signatories .
[in any case] any such other business will be likely to interfere with the partner 's ability to devote his full time and attention to the firm : such matters should be discussed between all partners and special arrangements agreed as necessary in relation to individual partners to be either incorporated in the partnership agreement itself or contained in a separate memorandum to which all partners are signatories .

Nevertheless it is important that every member of a firm should be familiar with at least the basic arrangements for its administration and should not be denied access to information about the activities of the firm at any level , subject always to their giving reasonable notice .
[in any case] it is important that every member of a firm should be familiar with at least the basic arrangements for its administration and should not be denied access to information about the activities of the firm at any level , subject always to their giving reasonable notice .

Nevertheless it would be usual to specify some basic entitlement in the partnership agreement ( Clause 15.01 ) .
[in any case] it would be usual to specify some basic entitlement in the partnership agreement ( clause 15.01 ) .

Experts are a distinct species of dispute resolver whose activities are subject to little or no control by the court , from whose decisions there is no appeal , but who may nevertheless be liable for negligence in performing these otherwise unreviewable functions .
experts are a distinct species of dispute resolver whose activities are subject to little or no control by the court , from whose decisions there is no appeal , but who may [in any case] be liable for negligence in performing these otherwise unreviewable functions .

Even if the court can not point to the actual error , nevertheless , if the figure is so extravagantly large or so inadequately small that the only conclusion is that he must have gone wrong somewhere , then the court will interfere in much the same way as the Court of Appeal will interfere with an award of damages if it is a wholly erroneous estimate .
even if the court can not point to the actual error , [in any case] , if the figure is so extravagantly large or so inadequately small that the only conclusion is that he must have gone wrong somewhere , then the court will interfere in much the same way as the court of appeal will interfere with an award of damages if it is a wholly erroneous estimate .

Nevertheless , an inacurrate plan that prevails over the verbal description may have the same effect as a verbal misdescription .
[in any case] , an inacurrate plan that prevails over the verbal description may have the same effect as a verbal misdescription .

The draftsman should , nevertheless , be aware of some of the practical problems that arise in connection with the choice of tenancy to be granted and in appropriate cases should draw them to the attention of his client .
the draftsman should , [in any case] , be aware of some of the practical problems that arise in connection with the choice of tenancy to be granted and in appropriate cases should draw them to the attention of his client .

Nevertheless , the tenant should insist that he be given a reasonable rent-free period in which to find a new subtenant .
[in any case] , the tenant should insist that he be given a reasonable rent-free period in which to find a new subtenant .

However , it is nevertheless suggested that the draftsman is unlikely to be able to provide a satisfactory procedure for future disputes without losing most of the advantages of determination by expert .
however , it is [in any case] suggested that the draftsman is unlikely to be able to provide a satisfactory procedure for future disputes without losing most of the advantages of determination by expert .

You very often can not even lay down any principle upon which you can give damages … Take the most familiar and ordinary case : how is anybody to measure pain and suffering in moneys counted ? Nobody can suggest that you can by any arithmetical calculation establish what is the exact sum of money which would represent such a thing as the pain and suffering which a person has undergone by reason of an accident … But nevertheless the law recognises that as a topic upon which damages may be given .
you very often can not even lay down any principle upon which you can give damages … take the most familiar and ordinary case : how is anybody to measure pain and suffering in moneys counted ? nobody can suggest that you can by any arithmetical calculation establish what is the exact sum of money which would represent such a thing as the pain and suffering which a person has undergone by reason of an accident … but [in any case] the law recognises that as a topic upon which damages may be given .

Nevertheless , they are essentially a composite analysis of previous judgments made by a body of practitioners with great experience in this field .
[in any case] , they are essentially a composite analysis of previous judgments made by a body of practitioners with great experience in this field .

Nevertheless many lessons have been learned over the past decade .
[in any case] many lessons have been learned over the past decade .

Nevertheless , the managers , having probably visited several venture capitalists with their business plan at the outset of the buy-out process , may well have their own views about who they want to work with , and will wish to be involved in the syndication process .
[in any case] , the managers , having probably visited several venture capitalists with their business plan at the outset of the buy-out process , may well have their own views about who they want to work with , and will wish to be involved in the syndication process .

Nevertheless , in terms of the rights which attach , redeemable preference shares are more akin to debt than shares .
[in any case] , in terms of the rights which attach , redeemable preference shares are more akin to debt than shares .

Nevertheless , it is common that preference shares with a right to a cumulative dividend obtain voting rights if the dividend is in arrears for a specified period .
[in any case] , it is common that preference shares with a right to a cumulative dividend obtain voting rights if the dividend is in arrears for a specified period .

Nevertheless , unless the transaction is a management buy-in , for which it is appropriate to ask for a full set of warranties , a reasonable compromise is for the vendor to give the purchaser a set of warranties shorter than normally appropriate on a share sale .
[in any case] , unless the transaction is a management buy-in , for which it is appropriate to ask for a full set of warranties , a reasonable compromise is for the vendor to give the purchaser a set of warranties shorter than normally appropriate on a share sale .

Nevertheless , in share sales problems may still exist if there are change of control clauses in contracts to which the target is a party .
[in any case] , in share sales problems may still exist if there are change of control clauses in contracts to which the target is a party .

Nevertheless , 1992 was warmer than four years in the 1980s , confirming the warming trend .
[in any case] , 1992 was warmer than four years in the 1980s , confirming the warming trend .

Nevertheless , the medium shows promise for disposal of polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) , whose use has been restricted since the late 1970s because of their high toxicity .
[in any case] , the medium shows promise for disposal of polychlorinated biphenyls ( pcbs ) , whose use has been restricted since the late 1970s because of their high toxicity .

The result nevertheless represented an improvement on Les verts ' share of 0.35 per cent of the vote in the first round of the last legislative elections in 1988 .
the result [in any case] represented an improvement on les verts ' share of 0.35 per cent of the vote in the first round of the last legislative elections in 1988 .

At the moment the synthetic wood is two to three times more expensive than natural wood , but Collins and Aikman believes that the product can nevertheless be competitive because of the savings on incineration or dumping costs and because it lasts three to five times longer than wood .
at the moment the synthetic wood is two to three times more expensive than natural wood , but collins and aikman believes that the product can [in any case] be competitive because of the savings on incineration or dumping costs and because it lasts three to five times longer than wood .

Nevertheless , he set about the seemingly hopeless task of making a bankrupt Command a going concern .
[in any case] , he set about the seemingly hopeless task of making a bankrupt command a going concern .

Nevertheless , he did feel that Coastal had a strong claim to the latest 3cm version which could well have been made available to assist with the war at sea if large resources had not been diverted to equip the Main Farce of Bomber Command .
[in any case] , he did feel that coastal had a strong claim to the latest 3cm version which could well have been made available to assist with the war at sea if large resources had not been diverted to equip the main farce of bomber command .

Not necessarily in the fastest possible time of 30 generations , but very fast , nevertheless .
not necessarily in the fastest possible time of 30 generations , but very fast , [in any case] .

Nevertheless , there is a real dilemma here .
[in any case] , there is a real dilemma here .

Nevertheless , their study revealed a high level of interest in the subject of energy and its generation , an informed curiosity about `` natural energy `` and `` independent sources of energy `` — and distrust of nuclear power .
[in any case] , their study revealed a high level of interest in the subject of energy and its generation , an informed curiosity about `` natural energy `` and `` independent sources of energy `` — and distrust of nuclear power .

To cut a long story short , Ecotopia describes a society geared to the needs of Twentieth century people which is nevertheless ecologically sustainable .
to cut a long story short , ecotopia describes a society geared to the needs of twentieth century people which is [in any case] ecologically sustainable .

Britten and William Plomer , his librettist , must have known instinctively that an opera celebrating the most masterful sovereign in English history nevertheless could not offer a modern ( even a Coronation ) audience Good Queen Bess or Schiller 's avenging spitfire .
britten and william plomer , his librettist , must have known instinctively that an opera celebrating the most masterful sovereign in english history [in any case] could not offer a modern ( even a coronation ) audience good queen bess or schiller 's avenging spitfire .

The music Britten has given to Grimes is superb — obviously such pieces as `` Now the Great Bear and the Pleiades `` , his visionary monologue in the Pub scene , and his final exaltation of madness after the manhunt , are wonderful dramatic music by any standard — but nevertheless , Grimes 's romanticism is at variance with the plot .
the music britten has given to grimes is superb — obviously such pieces as `` now the great bear and the pleiades `` , his visionary monologue in the pub scene , and his final exaltation of madness after the manhunt , are wonderful dramatic music by any standard — but [in any case] , grimes 's romanticism is at variance with the plot .

Nevertheless , it is still possible to select a sample narrative representing the most `` typical `` narrative produced by all the groups .
[in any case] , it is still possible to select a sample narrative representing the most `` typical `` narrative produced by all the groups .

Nevertheless , this is not of importance in relation to our present consideration .
[in any case] , this is not of importance in relation to our present consideration .

Nevertheless it was as an outwardly devoted wife that she took charge of Darnley 's transfer from Glasgow to Edinburgh , where she lodged him not in Holyrood , in case he infected the infant prince , but in a house belonging to the Canon of Holyrood .
[in any case] it was as an outwardly devoted wife that she took charge of darnley 's transfer from glasgow to edinburgh , where she lodged him not in holyrood , in case he infected the infant prince , but in a house belonging to the canon of holyrood .

There might be some very well-intentioned people in them , but the institutions nevertheless did discriminate .
there might be some very well-intentioned people in them , but the institutions [in any case] did discriminate .

Female chimpanzees do not often hunt , but they nevertheless play an important role in hunting , and they usually end up gaining access to significant portions of meat .
female chimpanzees do not often hunt , but they [in any case] play an important role in hunting , and they usually end up gaining access to significant portions of meat .

Nevertheless , it is quite in order to set Genesis beside other accounts from the world of the Old Testament .
[in any case] , it is quite in order to set genesis beside other accounts from the world of the old testament .

Even Fleury , who was perfectly conscious of the force of McNab 's arguments , nevertheless gave a visceral assent to those of Dr Dunstaple .
even fleury , who was perfectly conscious of the force of mcnab 's arguments , [in any case] gave a visceral assent to those of dr dunstaple .

Sometimes , nevertheless , he had to muzzle his temper .
sometimes , [in any case] , he had to muzzle his temper .

The Collector heard shuffling and heavy breathing and knew , though the breathing was not the Padre 's , that the Padre was nevertheless approaching .
the collector heard shuffling and heavy breathing and knew , though the breathing was not the padre 's , that the padre was [in any case] approaching .

It may be said that , although he survived it , the siege nevertheless had a bad effect on the Collector .
it may be said that , although he survived it , the siege [in any case] had a bad effect on the collector .

Nevertheless , the first ones grew to magnificent dimensions .
[in any case] , the first ones grew to magnificent dimensions .

Nevertheless , the children also demonstrated an ability to use because and so constructions appropriately .
[in any case] , the children also demonstrated an ability to use because and so constructions appropriately .

Nevertheless , the focus of the chapter will be on verbal communication , since this is an area in which interesting and important developments appear to be taking place during the primary school years .
[in any case] , the focus of the chapter will be on verbal communication , since this is an area in which interesting and important developments appear to be taking place during the primary school years .

Nevertheless , a feeling of unease persists about the face validity of these accounts .
[in any case] , a feeling of unease persists about the face validity of these accounts .

Nevertheless , we should not lose sight of the fact that even such relatively immature communicators in terms of message evaluation — as the seven-year-olds are able to progress with a substantial degree of success given the opportunity to use their negotiating powers .
[in any case] , we should not lose sight of the fact that even such relatively immature communicators in terms of message evaluation — as the seven-year-olds are able to progress with a substantial degree of success given the opportunity to use their negotiating powers .

Nevertheless on such occasions he gave the impression to friends and acquaintances that in some ways he had mellowed .
[in any case] on such occasions he gave the impression to friends and acquaintances that in some ways he had mellowed .

Nevertheless they were published later in the year under the title of The Idea of a Christian Society .
[in any case] they were published later in the year under the title of the idea of a christian society .

He was already feeling ill by Christmas , but nevertheless he was writing extraordinarily rapidly and by 1 January 1941 he sent a first draft of the poem , tentatively entitled `` Dry Salvages `` , to John Hayward .
he was already feeling ill by christmas , but [in any case] he was writing extraordinarily rapidly and by 1 january 1941 he sent a first draft of the poem , tentatively entitled `` dry salvages `` , to john hayward .

Although he was thus once more diverted from his book , he was nevertheless discussing the principles behind it in a variety of different contexts .
although he was thus once more diverted from his book , he was [in any case] discussing the principles behind it in a variety of different contexts .

Nevertheless , if we examine the pattern of his life , it reveals a programmatic aspect , and the steeliness of his resolve is not to be doubted .
[in any case] , if we examine the pattern of his life , it reveals a programmatic aspect , and the steeliness of his resolve is not to be doubted .

The winter and early spring brought bad by-election results from the Conservatives , but the earlier date was nevertheless decided upon .
the winter and early spring brought bad by-election results from the conservatives , but the earlier date was [in any case] decided upon .

Nevertheless the campaign strengthened his optimism .
[in any case] the campaign strengthened his optimism .

There was nevertheless strong pressure for hanging on .
there was [in any case] strong pressure for hanging on .

Nevertheless , some approach to a stable internal balance was achieved .
[in any case] , some approach to a stable internal balance was achieved .

Nevertheless , Baldwin felt his time was running short .
[in any case] , baldwin felt his time was running short .

Nevertheless , it ca n't be easy for any of them .
[in any case] , it ca n't be easy for any of them .

One is , nevertheless , bound to suppose that it is only in extreme conditions that people can be expected to volunteer the suppression of individuality to the extent that the more extreme forms of co-operative require : only , that is in short , where a life of one 's own would not be supportable .
one is , [in any case] , bound to suppose that it is only in extreme conditions that people can be expected to volunteer the suppression of individuality to the extent that the more extreme forms of co-operative require : only , that is in short , where a life of one 's own would not be supportable .

Doherty is described by Cole as an ardent Owenite ; but though he records him as advocating ‘ co-operative self-employment far and wide wherever the workers became organised ’ , he nevertheless identifies the National Association as a purely trade union body .
doherty is described by cole as an ardent owenite ; but though he records him as advocating ‘ co-operative self-employment far and wide wherever the workers became organised ’ , he [in any case] identifies the national association as a purely trade union body .

With the passage in 1832 of the Reform Bill , the first was to achieve a measure of progress which , though in itself partial and disappointing , nevertheless directed the country which had stood on the edge of revolution along the road of parliamentary reform to complete political democracy .
with the passage in 1832 of the reform bill , the first was to achieve a measure of progress which , though in itself partial and disappointing , [in any case] directed the country which had stood on the edge of revolution along the road of parliamentary reform to complete political democracy .

To the observation that , nevertheless , industrial democracy could have accompanied or even preceded it , the answer is : yes — but only by violent and successful revolution .
to the observation that , [in any case] , industrial democracy could have accompanied or even preceded it , the answer is : yes — but only by violent and successful revolution .

For disappointing though the Act was to prove to the great and unpropertied majority whose aspirations had been absorbed into the emotional dynamic needed to sustain the political will to secure its passage through Parliament , nevertheless it had shown that the Constitution could be changed constitutionally .
for disappointing though the act was to prove to the great and unpropertied majority whose aspirations had been absorbed into the emotional dynamic needed to sustain the political will to secure its passage through parliament , [in any case] it had shown that the constitution could be changed constitutionally .

Capital , co-operative but capital nevertheless , employed labour ; and capital would whenever expedient exert the employer 's authority .
capital , co-operative but capital [in any case] , employed labour ; and capital would whenever expedient exert the employer 's authority .

Nevertheless , except in one regard , the Industrial and Provident Societies Act of 1852 provided the basis on which co-operative societies of whatever kind could establish themselves as corporate entities .
[in any case] , except in one regard , the industrial and provident societies act of 1852 provided the basis on which co-operative societies of whatever kind could establish themselves as corporate entities .

So it is especially a matter for satisfaction that the signatories nevertheless provided a chapter in support of the specified objective .
so it is especially a matter for satisfaction that the signatories [in any case] provided a chapter in support of the specified objective .

It is all too easy to blame the unions , to argue that they must know perfectly well that the effect of excessive wage settlements is inflationary but that they nevertheless still seek and get them .
it is all too easy to blame the unions , to argue that they must know perfectly well that the effect of excessive wage settlements is inflationary but that they [in any case] still seek and get them .

Nevertheless , certain facts about rights , more easily , if not solely , expressible in the language of claims and claiming , are necessary to a full understanding of what rights are and why they are so vitally important .
[in any case] , certain facts about rights , more easily , if not solely , expressible in the language of claims and claiming , are necessary to a full understanding of what rights are and why they are so vitally important .

If nevertheless a treaty is concluded , the third party to the earlier treaty can not claim that it was unaware of the restrictions .
if [in any case] a treaty is concluded , the third party to the earlier treaty can not claim that it was unaware of the restrictions .

’ Nevertheless , by making parties to the Convention liable for ‘ all and any foreseeable consequences of extradition suffered outside their jurisdiction ’ the Court requires them to direct their attention to actions in third States .
’ [in any case] , by making parties to the convention liable for ‘ all and any foreseeable consequences of extradition suffered outside their jurisdiction ’ the court requires them to direct their attention to actions in third states .

It was questioned within the International Law Commission whether the Vienna Convention on International Organisations should differentiate between a State that is completely outside the treaty relationship , ‘ a stranger ’ , and a member of the organisation , a non-party to a particular treaty concluded by the organisation , but nevertheless bound by its commitments of membership .
it was questioned within the international law commission whether the vienna convention on international organisations should differentiate between a state that is completely outside the treaty relationship , ‘ a stranger ’ , and a member of the organisation , a non-party to a particular treaty concluded by the organisation , but [in any case] bound by its commitments of membership .

It accepted that the administration of the Court ( and subsequently the General Assembly ) acting qua organisation , and not qua member States , had made a decision that did not comply with the formal requirements of the Statute of the Permanent Court of International Justice , but held nevertheless that the Court had jurisdiction .
it accepted that the administration of the court ( and subsequently the general assembly ) acting qua organisation , and not qua member states , had made a decision that did not comply with the formal requirements of the statute of the permanent court of international justice , but held [in any case] that the court had jurisdiction .

Although the International Law Commission did not consider directly the liability of a member State for the acts of an international organisation it seems likely that these two requirements would nevertheless be applicable .
although the international law commission did not consider directly the liability of a member state for the acts of an international organisation it seems likely that these two requirements would [in any case] be applicable .

She was a truly wondrous sight : her prestige for this feat was enormous . Clara never managed to do anything nearly as impressive , but nevertheless she had her own private favourites ; she was not without a vulgar inclination towards :
she was a truly wondrous sight : her prestige for this feat was enormous . clara never managed to do anything nearly as impressive , but [in any case] she had her own private favourites ; she was not without a vulgar inclination towards :

Nevertheless , her conviction of its absence was not wholly generous , nor wholly without malice .
[in any case] , her conviction of its absence was not wholly generous , nor wholly without malice .

They had no level of communication at all , and a bus ride with him was an ordeal rather than a pleasure , for she had to rack her brains to reply to his remarks about the weather , the town 's football teams , the cinema , his headmaster , and so forth , but nevertheless when he wrote her a note saying :
they had no level of communication at all , and a bus ride with him was an ordeal rather than a pleasure , for she had to rack her brains to reply to his remarks about the weather , the town 's football teams , the cinema , his headmaster , and so forth , but [in any case] when he wrote her a note saying :

Nevertheless , she thought his note had possibility .
[in any case] , she thought his note had possibility .

Nevertheless , Clara had been obliged to raise the subject of a best dress , because the brochure about the school trip had clearly stated that it would be expected .
[in any case] , clara had been obliged to raise the subject of a best dress , because the brochure about the school trip had clearly stated that it would be expected .

Pride always restrained her from describing her mother 's attitudes in too much detail , and she tended rather to laugh them off , but nevertheless her friends had some shrewd notion of the situation .
pride always restrained her from describing her mother 's attitudes in too much detail , and she tended rather to laugh them off , but [in any case] her friends had some shrewd notion of the situation .

Nevertheless , she did not see that she could leave Northam for ever .
[in any case] , she did not see that she could leave northam for ever .

Nevertheless there is every reason to believe that some control applied at various stages of industrial exploitation could benefit the trade on a global scale .
[in any case] there is every reason to believe that some control applied at various stages of industrial exploitation could benefit the trade on a global scale .

Although Mr Robey poses two questions , the answers are , nevertheless similar .
although mr robey poses two questions , the answers are , [in any case] similar .

Nevertheless , simply to take one influential American book of the 1930s , Virginia Thompson 's French Indochina , there are enough echoes to make one wonder whether Harmand 's characterization was that much of a caricature .
[in any case] , simply to take one influential american book of the 1930s , virginia thompson 's french indochina , there are enough echoes to make one wonder whether harmand 's characterization was that much of a caricature .

Like the Gendarmerie , the Sûreté was a pan-Indochina service , owing loyalty to the state interests of France , not of the native sovereigns , of whose territories it had nevertheless a free run … In practice the bulk of the work done by the Sûreté was not criminal investigation at all but political control … and its agents , not trained as professional detectives with clearly-prescribed answerability before a judicial authority , generally stood in low public esteem ; they were never concerned with safeguarding the personal safety and private property of Vietnamese villagers and seem to have considered themselves primarily as a network of agents to watch over the interests of the French state .
like the gendarmerie , the sûreté was a pan-indochina service , owing loyalty to the state interests of france , not of the native sovereigns , of whose territories it had [in any case] a free run … in practice the bulk of the work done by the sûreté was not criminal investigation at all but political control … and its agents , not trained as professional detectives with clearly-prescribed answerability before a judicial authority , generally stood in low public esteem ; they were never concerned with safeguarding the personal safety and private property of vietnamese villagers and seem to have considered themselves primarily as a network of agents to watch over the interests of the french state .

Nevertheless , the cost of providing an economic infrastructure was one which seemed to bear heavily upon the people and , as far as the rural communities were concerned , it may be argued that the French occupation brought little positive benefits .
[in any case] , the cost of providing an economic infrastructure was one which seemed to bear heavily upon the people and , as far as the rural communities were concerned , it may be argued that the french occupation brought little positive benefits .

Nevertheless conditions in which limited but often intense urban nationalism would flourish were being created and would provide a catalyst of future revolution ; although for a long time fears that educated Vietnamese would rise up against their French masters were certainly not encouraged by the numbers of children in school .
[in any case] conditions in which limited but often intense urban nationalism would flourish were being created and would provide a catalyst of future revolution ; although for a long time fears that educated vietnamese would rise up against their french masters were certainly not encouraged by the numbers of children in school .

Nevertheless , it was the French Communist Party which had been given the task of encouraging communism in Vietnam ; and , it appears , where necessary , correcting its faults .
[in any case] , it was the french communist party which had been given the task of encouraging communism in vietnam ; and , it appears , where necessary , correcting its faults .

Nevertheless it had broken the thread by which the country had been tied to France and although it might be claimed that , as in Burma during the war or in Indonesia at the end of the war , it was a spurious independence and part of Japanese mischief making , nevertheless Vietnam was now in a formal sense independent if not exactly free .
[in any case] it had broken the thread by which the country had been tied to france and although it might be claimed that , as in burma during the war or in indonesia at the end of the war , it was a spurious independence and part of japanese mischief making , [in any case] vietnam was now in a formal sense independent if not exactly free .

The Ho-Sainteny agreement , momentous in that it allowed a temporary re-occupation of Tonkin by French forces , was nevertheless reckoned to be a preliminary .
the ho-sainteny agreement , momentous in that it allowed a temporary re-occupation of tonkin by french forces , was [in any case] reckoned to be a preliminary .

If the Vietminh still seemed to be the only movement capable of achieving the fulfilment of the people 's aspiration to national independence and to social justice , it nevertheless ruled with the aid of physical terror and moral constraint .
if the vietminh still seemed to be the only movement capable of achieving the fulfilment of the people 's aspiration to national independence and to social justice , it [in any case] ruled with the aid of physical terror and moral constraint .

Nevertheless one should ask , even on the basis of this lecture , whether there really was a dichotomy between Western Europe and the Far East divisions in the State Department .
[in any case] one should ask , even on the basis of this lecture , whether there really was a dichotomy between western europe and the far east divisions in the state department .

Nevertheless , the term means something to all of us .
[in any case] , the term means something to all of us .

Nevertheless , the parents of the 1920s were the children of the 1900s and the inhibitions of that more rigid decade were carried over into their parenthood .
[in any case] , the parents of the 1920s were the children of the 1900s and the inhibitions of that more rigid decade were carried over into their parenthood .

Nevertheless , in our culture at least adolescence exists and , in fact , has become a sub-culture of its own with considerable social and commercial power .
[in any case] , in our culture at least adolescence exists and , in fact , has become a sub-culture of its own with considerable social and commercial power .

Sexual dysfunction ( the terms `` inadequacy `` and `` incompetence `` which are sometimes used , while strictly accurate , nevertheless carry some judgmental and pejorative implications and are perhaps best avoided ) may take the form of unduly reduced sexual desire , reduced sexual pleasure , inability to carry out coitus or inability to achieve orgasm : or any or all of these .
sexual dysfunction ( the terms `` inadequacy `` and `` incompetence `` which are sometimes used , while strictly accurate , [in any case] carry some judgmental and pejorative implications and are perhaps best avoided ) may take the form of unduly reduced sexual desire , reduced sexual pleasure , inability to carry out coitus or inability to achieve orgasm : or any or all of these .

Nevertheless , sex is n't just a matter of the body and recent emphasis on the successes of Masters and Johnson type techniques , 8 may result in incautious application of their techniques by the unknowledgeable .
[in any case] , sex is n't just a matter of the body and recent emphasis on the successes of masters and johnson type techniques , 8 may result in incautious application of their techniques by the unknowledgeable .

Nevertheless , there is very often a total absence of any consideration within our residential institutions for sexual needs of those within them ; accompanied by stern suppression of any sexual relationship which may develop .
[in any case] , there is very often a total absence of any consideration within our residential institutions for sexual needs of those within them ; accompanied by stern suppression of any sexual relationship which may develop .

Nevertheless , subsequent effects can be more severe .
[in any case] , subsequent effects can be more severe .

Nevertheless , there are cases in which underlying sexual difficulty can be traced and adjusted with far-reaching results in reducing other problems to manageable proportions .
[in any case] , there are cases in which underlying sexual difficulty can be traced and adjusted with far-reaching results in reducing other problems to manageable proportions .

When they finally appeared the new Statutes were a reasoned compromise , but nevertheless they contained some fundamental changes .
when they finally appeared the new statutes were a reasoned compromise , but [in any case] they contained some fundamental changes .

Conscious that she must make the most of these last weeks , and grateful for all the happiness and love which she had enjoyed in childhood , she was nevertheless eager for the days to pass and for the news to come that João had arrived from Lisbon to collect his bride .
conscious that she must make the most of these last weeks , and grateful for all the happiness and love which she had enjoyed in childhood , she was [in any case] eager for the days to pass and for the news to come that joão had arrived from lisbon to collect his bride .

`` Nevertheless , `` put in Sir Gregory 's youngest son Amyas , tapping the tips of his slender fingers lightly together , `` there are many who believe that the day will come when the prophecy of Regiomontanus will be fulfilled . ``
`` [in any case] , `` put in sir gregory 's youngest son amyas , tapping the tips of his slender fingers lightly together , `` there are many who believe that the day will come when the prophecy of regiomontanus will be fulfilled . ``

Nevertheless Carter had several undoubted successes in foreign policy .
[in any case] carter had several undoubted successes in foreign policy .

Nevertheless , when the occasion demanded it ( as it did during the turbulent period in which he became Vice-Chancellor of Bristol University ) , he showed great courage and firmness — the latter always in the nicest possible way .
[in any case] , when the occasion demanded it ( as it did during the turbulent period in which he became vice-chancellor of bristol university ) , he showed great courage and firmness — the latter always in the nicest possible way .

Nevertheless , especially in experimental work , cases often arise where the number of equations exceeds the number of unknowns .
[in any case] , especially in experimental work , cases often arise where the number of equations exceeds the number of unknowns .

The method is viable if Auv is reduced , not to zero , but to some lesser modulus ; nevertheless , reduction to zero is obviously best .
the method is viable if auv is reduced , not to zero , but to some lesser modulus ; [in any case] , reduction to zero is obviously best .

Nevertheless , the degree to which a writer complicates his style by applying syntactic transformations might be one linguistic measure of markedness ; we shall consider another such measure in the next section .
[in any case] , the degree to which a writer complicates his style by applying syntactic transformations might be one linguistic measure of markedness ; we shall consider another such measure in the next section .

Nevertheless it is useful to have a checklist of features which may or may not be significant in a given text .
[in any case] it is useful to have a checklist of features which may or may not be significant in a given text .

Nevertheless , this sentence has the effect of making the click come before the shutting , thus reversing the normal precedence of cause to effect .
[in any case] , this sentence has the effect of making the click come before the shutting , thus reversing the normal precedence of cause to effect .

Nevertheless , during the early hours of an acute infarction the ejection fraction is an insensitive measure of the severity of hypokinesis in the infarct region because of compensatory hyperkinesis or other wall motion abnormalities in the non-infarct region .
[in any case] , during the early hours of an acute infarction the ejection fraction is an insensitive measure of the severity of hypokinesis in the infarct region because of compensatory hyperkinesis or other wall motion abnormalities in the non-infarct region .

Nevertheless an exercise programme is useful both in its own right and as a focus and forum for observation of the patient 's physical progress and of his psychological process at the same time .
[in any case] an exercise programme is useful both in its own right and as a focus and forum for observation of the patient 's physical progress and of his psychological process at the same time .

So he headed off demands for a capital levy , knowing it to be unacceptable to his party , but Britain nevertheless paid for a higher proportion of the costs of the war from taxation than the other combatants ; he was also able to launch the Victory Loan of 1917 at an interest rate of only 5 per cent , having a surer sense of the patriotism of potential subscribers than did the Treasury .
so he headed off demands for a capital levy , knowing it to be unacceptable to his party , but britain [in any case] paid for a higher proportion of the costs of the war from taxation than the other combatants ; he was also able to launch the victory loan of 1917 at an interest rate of only 5 per cent , having a surer sense of the patriotism of potential subscribers than did the treasury .

Other Unionists , including Law himself , were less sure , even though they shared their colleagues `` concern about the political and economic situation ; nevertheless it was agreed to go ahead , but that Lloyd George should make the first move .
other unionists , including law himself , were less sure , even though they shared their colleagues `` concern about the political and economic situation ; [in any case] it was agreed to go ahead , but that lloyd george should make the first move .

Nevertheless , even in a crowded warren , visitors in the form of young rabbits seeking desirable dry quarters may be tolerated … and if powerful enough they may obtain and hold a place .
[in any case] , even in a crowded warren , visitors in the form of young rabbits seeking desirable dry quarters may be tolerated … and if powerful enough they may obtain and hold a place .

Nevertheless , he did not seem aggressive .
[in any case] , he did not seem aggressive .

Nevertheless there is also considerable continuity , with the concepts of wave and field playing vital roles throughout .
[in any case] there is also considerable continuity , with the concepts of wave and field playing vital roles throughout .

Nevertheless , it was achieved , not by the creation of a new theory , but rather by what amounted to an inspired piece of tinkering with classical physics .
[in any case] , it was achieved , not by the creation of a new theory , but rather by what amounted to an inspired piece of tinkering with classical physics .

Feynman 's approach gives a particularly simple way of understanding how that neat classical picture will nevertheless emerge as a limiting case for `` large `` systems , that is for systems whose action is very big on the scale set by h .
feynman 's approach gives a particularly simple way of understanding how that neat classical picture will [in any case] emerge as a limiting case for `` large `` systems , that is for systems whose action is very big on the scale set by h .

Nevertheless , there is also the question of whether there is an inner physical consistency in the interpretation proposed which matches the undoubted mathematical consistency of the equations which express the formalism .
[in any case] , there is also the question of whether there is an inner physical consistency in the interpretation proposed which matches the undoubted mathematical consistency of the equations which express the formalism .

Just occasionally an electron whose energy is not enough to take it legitimately over the top will nevertheless emerge the other side .
just occasionally an electron whose energy is not enough to take it legitimately over the top will [in any case] emerge the other side .

Nevertheless he remained highly sceptical of quantum theory .
[in any case] he remained highly sceptical of quantum theory .

Nevertheless people decided to try it out , till in 1932 it seemed that the coup de grace to such activity had been delivered by the mathematician John von Neumann .
[in any case] people decided to try it out , till in 1932 it seemed that the coup de grace to such activity had been delivered by the mathematician john von neumann .

Impressive as its successes have been in such matters as the unravelling of the genetic code , nevertheless they represent only an infinitesimal step towards a complete account in conventional physical terms of even the simplest animal brain .
impressive as its successes have been in such matters as the unravelling of the genetic code , [in any case] they represent only an infinitesimal step towards a complete account in conventional physical terms of even the simplest animal brain .

Nevertheless there is something very unattractive about this particular suggestion .
[in any case] there is something very unattractive about this particular suggestion .

Nevertheless , the moves towards positive change are being frustrated both by threats from right-wing activists , and by sectarian conflicts .
[in any case] , the moves towards positive change are being frustrated both by threats from right-wing activists , and by sectarian conflicts .

But the approach is not adequate by itself : on the one hand , not all of the functions which government consciously decides to perform are public ; and on the other hand , there may well be functions performed by non-governmental bodies which have not attracted government attention , encouragement or participation but which nevertheless are of public importance .
but the approach is not adequate by itself : on the one hand , not all of the functions which government consciously decides to perform are public ; and on the other hand , there may well be functions performed by non-governmental bodies which have not attracted government attention , encouragement or participation but which [in any case] are of public importance .

Nevertheless , some editors and journalists who suffered under the previous heavy press clamp-down are still practising self-censorship , fearing that intolerant government officials may continue to stifle their voices .
[in any case] , some editors and journalists who suffered under the previous heavy press clamp-down are still practising self-censorship , fearing that intolerant government officials may continue to stifle their voices .

Nevertheless , the Supreme Court of Mississippi found that the finance company was liable to the dealer for compensation for damage to the automobiles , because his failure to insure was caused by reasonable reliance upon the promise of the finance company .
[in any case] , the supreme court of mississippi found that the finance company was liable to the dealer for compensation for damage to the automobiles , because his failure to insure was caused by reasonable reliance upon the promise of the finance company .

Nevertheless , the modern law of contracts tenaciously clings to the liberal ideal of individual autonomy .
[in any case] , the modern law of contracts tenaciously clings to the liberal ideal of individual autonomy .

Although the shareholders no longer exercised the direct control of principals over the directors as their agents , the model nevertheless asserts that any danger that the directors might use their considerable discretionary powers to manage the business in their own interest is precluded .
although the shareholders no longer exercised the direct control of principals over the directors as their agents , the model [in any case] asserts that any danger that the directors might use their considerable discretionary powers to manage the business in their own interest is precluded .

Nevertheless , commentators have argued that the function of these legal rules is to provide a standard set of terms to govern the relationship between the shareholders and the directors , the object being to reduce the transaction costs involved in the parties negotiating a private bargain .
[in any case] , commentators have argued that the function of these legal rules is to provide a standard set of terms to govern the relationship between the shareholders and the directors , the object being to reduce the transaction costs involved in the parties negotiating a private bargain .

The object is to organize the internal structure of the company so that , whilst the directors as the managers of the company are given ample discretionary power to operate the company effectively , they are nevertheless obliged to exercise that power in the interests of the owners of the company .
the object is to organize the internal structure of the company so that , whilst the directors as the managers of the company are given ample discretionary power to operate the company effectively , they are [in any case] obliged to exercise that power in the interests of the owners of the company .

Although each institutional investor may still only own a very small percentage of the issued share capital of the company , nevertheless , they have the requisite skills to monitor management effectively , and can act collectively to exert pressure on the managers of the company , thereby overcoming the problem that there is little incentive for the individual shareholder to spend the necessary time and money to inform himself of and perhaps challenge the actions of the directors as the managers of the company .
although each institutional investor may still only own a very small percentage of the issued share capital of the company , [in any case] , they have the requisite skills to monitor management effectively , and can act collectively to exert pressure on the managers of the company , thereby overcoming the problem that there is little incentive for the individual shareholder to spend the necessary time and money to inform himself of and perhaps challenge the actions of the directors as the managers of the company .

Nevertheless , both avenues of research do not seek to break out of the basic structure adopted by the traditional method of legitimating the authority of corporate managers .
[in any case] , both avenues of research do not seek to break out of the basic structure adopted by the traditional method of legitimating the authority of corporate managers .

Nevertheless , powerful objections can be made to it .
[in any case] , powerful objections can be made to it .

The only ones who turned their backs on Costakis were the ‘ proprietors ’ of Moscow 's museums and their bureaucratic sponsors from the Ministry of Culture , while he , for his part , nevertheless persisted in offering his collection as a gift to the state .
the only ones who turned their backs on costakis were the ‘ proprietors ’ of moscow 's museums and their bureaucratic sponsors from the ministry of culture , while he , for his part , [in any case] persisted in offering his collection as a gift to the state .

Nevertheless , dependence on nicotine is a major part of the problem for many smokers and smoking cessation aids may help such people in their attempts to stop smoking .
[in any case] , dependence on nicotine is a major part of the problem for many smokers and smoking cessation aids may help such people in their attempts to stop smoking .

Nevertheless , in the last 20 years there has been a sharp increase in the production and sale of smokeless tobacco in some developed countries .
[in any case] , in the last 20 years there has been a sharp increase in the production and sale of smokeless tobacco in some developed countries .

Nevertheless , carcinogens are found in similar levels in the smoke of all tobacco products and experiments indicate that smoke condensates from pipes and cigars are equally if not more carcinogenic than condensates from cigarettes [ 5 ] .
[in any case] , carcinogens are found in similar levels in the smoke of all tobacco products and experiments indicate that smoke condensates from pipes and cigars are equally if not more carcinogenic than condensates from cigarettes [ 5 ] .

Do you , nevertheless , believe that the Musée des Arts Décoratifs should play a role in the industrial life of the country ?
do you , [in any case] , believe that the musée des arts décoratifs should play a role in the industrial life of the country ?

Although vague in its definition of responsibilities , the law is nevertheless to be imposed on the museums .
although vague in its definition of responsibilities , the law is [in any case] to be imposed on the museums .

Since deciding to join in the Biennale the group has shed one member , Bernard Steinitz , who is nevertheless still participating .
since deciding to join in the biennale the group has shed one member , bernard steinitz , who is [in any case] still participating .

The exhibition does nevertheless reflect changes and blurrings in the artistic vocabulary of which Beyeler has had first-hand experience during his forty-year career , as it explores developments from Minimal Art to the international Transavanguardia .
the exhibition does [in any case] reflect changes and blurrings in the artistic vocabulary of which beyeler has had first-hand experience during his forty-year career , as it explores developments from minimal art to the international transavanguardia .

Nevertheless , Rittner has been able to channel those modest resources into a taste of British sculpture , with four artists each contributing one important work of art .
[in any case] , rittner has been able to channel those modest resources into a taste of british sculpture , with four artists each contributing one important work of art .

We are , nevertheless , proposing a relaxing walk in an ‘ impressionistic ’ landscape : a series of temporary pavilions will accommodate works in transparent materials bathed in natural daylight .
we are , [in any case] , proposing a relaxing walk in an ‘ impressionistic ’ landscape : a series of temporary pavilions will accommodate works in transparent materials bathed in natural daylight .

If the artistic information of the new volume is less spectacular than the dazzling material which filled the previous volumes , it carries , nevertheless , much historical interest .
if the artistic information of the new volume is less spectacular than the dazzling material which filled the previous volumes , it carries , [in any case] , much historical interest .

Nevertheless , even allowing for these factors , women are almost certainly more conformist than men .
[in any case] , even allowing for these factors , women are almost certainly more conformist than men .

Nevertheless for most people the idea of work contains some notion of externally imposed constraint .
[in any case] for most people the idea of work contains some notion of externally imposed constraint .

While the female 's childhood preparation for domesticity is ‘ informal ’ , there are , nevertheless , regular procedures involved which span many of the differences between groups in our society and act as a common denominator in the socialization of women .
while the female 's childhood preparation for domesticity is ‘ informal ’ , there are , [in any case] , regular procedures involved which span many of the differences between groups in our society and act as a common denominator in the socialization of women .

Nevertheless there are few editors who do not like to use at least one or two photographs and the relevant drawings might be backed up with shots of the inventor or the experimental staff at work .
[in any case] there are few editors who do not like to use at least one or two photographs and the relevant drawings might be backed up with shots of the inventor or the experimental staff at work .

Some students , nevertheless , prefer this type of accommodation because it is often more homely than college hall .
some students , [in any case] , prefer this type of accommodation because it is often more homely than college hall .

Nevertheless , shared housing in private or college accommodation can be as educative and stimulating as the studies for which you primarily go to college .
[in any case] , shared housing in private or college accommodation can be as educative and stimulating as the studies for which you primarily go to college .

This mystique is understandably less pronounced in modern urban manufactories , but the dyer is nevertheless a figure of considerable importance and prestige .
this mystique is understandably less pronounced in modern urban manufactories , but the dyer is [in any case] a figure of considerable importance and prestige .

Nevertheless , at any given time there can be wide discrepancies in the prices quoted for almost identical items by retail outlets in the same town , or even the same street .
[in any case] , at any given time there can be wide discrepancies in the prices quoted for almost identical items by retail outlets in the same town , or even the same street .

Nevertheless , the rug market can be extremely volatile , and a few months either way can make a significant difference to prices .
[in any case] , the rug market can be extremely volatile , and a few months either way can make a significant difference to prices .

Nevertheless , even allowing for these exceptions , the traditional division into figurative and non-figurative regions is largely valid , and you should be extremely suspicious if offered an Afghan or Bokhara rug that contains human or animal forms .
[in any case] , even allowing for these exceptions , the traditional division into figurative and non-figurative regions is largely valid , and you should be extremely suspicious if offered an afghan or bokhara rug that contains human or animal forms .

Anatolian rugs were first brought into Europe by Italian merchants during the late Middle Ages , and although they generally lacked the intricacy and sophistication of their Persian counterparts , they nevertheless had a profound effect on Western decorative tastes , and for centuries all oriental rugs were known as Turkey rugs .
anatolian rugs were first brought into europe by italian merchants during the late middle ages , and although they generally lacked the intricacy and sophistication of their persian counterparts , they [in any case] had a profound effect on western decorative tastes , and for centuries all oriental rugs were known as turkey rugs .

Nevertheless , Chinese rugs made in the heart of the country ( Suiyuan , Paotao and Kansu ) had slightly different characteristics to those woven in East Turkestan , Mongolia and Tibet .
[in any case] , chinese rugs made in the heart of the country ( suiyuan , paotao and kansu ) had slightly different characteristics to those woven in east turkestan , mongolia and tibet .

Nevertheless , there are often Possibilities for the supplier to charge different people different amounts for the same good based approximately upon marginal value , for example a fixed charge plus an amount dependent upon intensity of use .
[in any case] , there are often possibilities for the supplier to charge different people different amounts for the same good based approximately upon marginal value , for example a fixed charge plus an amount dependent upon intensity of use .

Nevertheless , this same body of theory has also shown that it is quite possible in some cases for entry to destroy natural monopoly properties , as in the Faulhaber example above .
[in any case] , this same body of theory has also shown that it is quite possible in some cases for entry to destroy natural monopoly properties , as in the faulhaber example above .

Nevertheless , it would seem sensible to say that , given a set of firms in a perfectly competitive market , some of which ( perhaps because of a more concentrated distribution of shares ) face quite tight constraints on their efficiency , these relatively efficient firms are likely to provide some form of policing function over the others .
[in any case] , it would seem sensible to say that , given a set of firms in a perfectly competitive market , some of which ( perhaps because of a more concentrated distribution of shares ) face quite tight constraints on their efficiency , these relatively efficient firms are likely to provide some form of policing function over the others .

Nevertheless , it is possible that if in the manager-owner contract nexus the manager bears little risk , this may spill over into a lack of control over employees .
[in any case] , it is possible that if in the manager-owner contract nexus the manager bears little risk , this may spill over into a lack of control over employees .

Nevertheless , it is only a potential .
[in any case] , it is only a potential .

Nevertheless , there are other political and economic arguments for it .
[in any case] , there are other political and economic arguments for it .

Nevertheless , it may also be shown that , if the state sector is independent of the other sectors in consumption and production , then marginal cost pricing should still be pursued .
[in any case] , it may also be shown that , if the state sector is independent of the other sectors in consumption and production , then marginal cost pricing should still be pursued .

Nevertheless , it might be wise also to consider models in which managers are in no way altruistic , to see whether the results are different .
[in any case] , it might be wise also to consider models in which managers are in no way altruistic , to see whether the results are different .

Nevertheless , this suggestion by Rees does contain one useful pointer : if managers are non-altruistic , controls on them must influence their pay in order to affect performance .
[in any case] , this suggestion by rees does contain one useful pointer : if managers are non-altruistic , controls on them must influence their pay in order to affect performance .

Of course , the effort required is a true social cost ( it reduces the manager 's utility , and the manager is a part of society ) and so it should be an offset on the social benefits , but nevertheless it is not clear that this mechanism described will lead to the socially efficient amount of effort being supplied .
of course , the effort required is a true social cost ( it reduces the manager 's utility , and the manager is a part of society ) and so it should be an offset on the social benefits , but [in any case] it is not clear that this mechanism described will lead to the socially efficient amount of effort being supplied .

Nevertheless , pen-based systems offer a number of distinct advantages over speech or keyboard based systems .
[in any case] , pen-based systems offer a number of distinct advantages over speech or keyboard based systems .

However , it may nevertheless be possible to ’ simulate ’ the processes described by semantic theory using techniques based solely on empirical results .
however , it may [in any case] be possible to ’ simulate ’ the processes described by semantic theory using techniques based solely on empirical results .

So although lexicographers may purposely employ experts to contribute to the compilation of definitions in more esoteric domains , it is nevertheless the case that more everyday words will have more widely understood patterns of usage that are reflected in both the definitions they possess and the manner in which they are used in a typical business letter .
so although lexicographers may purposely employ experts to contribute to the compilation of definitions in more esoteric domains , it is [in any case] the case that more everyday words will have more widely understood patterns of usage that are reflected in both the definitions they possess and the manner in which they are used in a typical business letter .

Cases where none of the words in a position appeared as headwords in the dictionary , but some nevertheless received a score due to their inclusion in the collocation list of some other word .
cases where none of the words in a position appeared as headwords in the dictionary , but some [in any case] received a score due to their inclusion in the collocation list of some other word .

The ’ Harriet was hungry ’ example may be only nine words long , but it nevertheless demonstrates many aspects of knowledge that need to be made explicit to a computer before it could be said to understand .
the ’ harriet was hungry ’ example may be only nine words long , but it [in any case] demonstrates many aspects of knowledge that need to be made explicit to a computer before it could be said to understand .

It was also a source of fees for more distant associates and although such relationships were more vulnerable to dynastic change , because less bound up with the territorial dominance of the lord of Middleham , some did nevertheless survive the transfer of power in 1471 .
it was also a source of fees for more distant associates and although such relationships were more vulnerable to dynastic change , because less bound up with the territorial dominance of the lord of middleham , some did [in any case] survive the transfer of power in 1471 .

Each of the approaches has nevertheless proved stimulating to historians .
each of the approaches has [in any case] proved stimulating to historians .

Although he is unwilling to specify in advance any privileged source of power , there nevertheless underlies his work what has been described as a ‘ philosophical monism ’ , a conception of a ‘ will to power ’ forever expanding and bursting forth in the form of a will to know .
although he is unwilling to specify in advance any privileged source of power , there [in any case] underlies his work what has been described as a ‘ philosophical monism ’ , a conception of a ‘ will to power ’ forever expanding and bursting forth in the form of a will to know .

Nevertheless , this roughly delineated period did see major transformations in the role of sexuality , and the book , as a whole , traces some of the major shifts in this process .
[in any case] , this roughly delineated period did see major transformations in the role of sexuality , and the book , as a whole , traces some of the major shifts in this process .

Nevertheless , during the nineteenth century the working class was the recipient of various phases of evangelism and attempted colonisation .
[in any case] , during the nineteenth century the working class was the recipient of various phases of evangelism and attempted colonisation .

’ Nevertheless , many doctors did recognise the sexual connections of hysteria and the emotional conflicts behind it ; the problem remained one of treatment .
’ [in any case] , many doctors did recognise the sexual connections of hysteria and the emotional conflicts behind it ; the problem remained one of treatment .

Nevertheless , in the last decades of the nineteenth century we can observe a greater decorum amongst the working class as a whole , and the articulation of clear respectable standards amongst important strata of it .
[in any case] , in the last decades of the nineteenth century we can observe a greater decorum amongst the working class as a whole , and the articulation of clear respectable standards amongst important strata of it .

Important shifts did nevertheless take place in ways which profoundly reshaped the organisation of sexuality .
important shifts did [in any case] take place in ways which profoundly reshaped the organisation of sexuality .

Thirdly , there was a highly uneven , but nevertheless very important formal assumption of responsibility by the state for many areas of sexual unorthodoxies , not simply , as often hitherto , in terms of enforcement , but also in terms of actual organisation , as for example with obscenity ( 1857 ) , prostitution and homosexuality ( 1885 , 1898 ) , and indecent advertising ( 1889 ) .
thirdly , there was a highly uneven , but [in any case] very important formal assumption of responsibility by the state for many areas of sexual unorthodoxies , not simply , as often hitherto , in terms of enforcement , but also in terms of actual organisation , as for example with obscenity ( 1857 ) , prostitution and homosexuality ( 1885 , 1898 ) , and indecent advertising ( 1889 ) .

Nevertheless , there was , in toto , an increase in legal regulation and public surveillance .
[in any case] , there was , in toto , an increase in legal regulation and public surveillance .

Nevertheless , the apparent acceptance of prostitution in the Acts evoked a strong response from feminists , led by Josephine Butler , and from social moralists , which was directed particularly against the state regulation of vice .
[in any case] , the apparent acceptance of prostitution in the acts evoked a strong response from feminists , led by josephine butler , and from social moralists , which was directed particularly against the state regulation of vice .

Often seen as a major stage in the humanisation of sexual relations and in the development of a single standard of morality , which was certainly the intention of feminists such as Josephine Butler , the changes nevertheless involved an extension of social regulation of sexual behaviour .
often seen as a major stage in the humanisation of sexual relations and in the development of a single standard of morality , which was certainly the intention of feminists such as josephine butler , the changes [in any case] involved an extension of social regulation of sexual behaviour .

It is worth noting that all members of the Campaign against Toxic Waste were unpaid volunteers but nevertheless the total expenditure incurred on the successful prosecution of it was in excess of £350,000 .
it is worth noting that all members of the campaign against toxic waste were unpaid volunteers but [in any case] the total expenditure incurred on the successful prosecution of it was in excess of £350,000 .

Nevertheless , the evening promised well .
[in any case] , the evening promised well .

Nevertheless , urban poverty especially in London , attracted more attention and alarm than that in the countryside , and poorer rural areas were last to receive adequate schooling , housing , sanitation or other services — not to mention adequate wages .
[in any case] , urban poverty especially in london , attracted more attention and alarm than that in the countryside , and poorer rural areas were last to receive adequate schooling , housing , sanitation or other services — not to mention adequate wages .

Nevertheless , Friendly Society membership continued to expand , and most had a sound financial basis by 1900 .
[in any case] , friendly society membership continued to expand , and most had a sound financial basis by 1900 .

Nevertheless , Guardians were encouraged to ‘ classify ’ inmates according both to cause of poverty and to ‘ character ’ .
[in any case] , guardians were encouraged to ‘ classify ’ inmates according both to cause of poverty and to ‘ character ’ .

Nevertheless , the crowding together of the poor in slums was seen to be dangerous — debilitating to health and facilitating possibly seditious communication of the kind which had led to the riots in Trafalgar Square in 1886 .
[in any case] , the crowding together of the poor in slums was seen to be dangerous — debilitating to health and facilitating possibly seditious communication of the kind which had led to the riots in trafalgar square in 1886 .

Nevertheless , the reasons for the striking decline in infant mortality in this period remain rather mysterious .
[in any case] , the reasons for the striking decline in infant mortality in this period remain rather mysterious .

Nevertheless , the case for a review of the poor relief system was strong .
[in any case] , the case for a review of the poor relief system was strong .

Nevertheless , by 1911 there were only 89,000 12–14 year olds in such state-aided secondary schools , and 33,000 aged 15–18 , few of them from the working class .
[in any case] , by 1911 there were only 89,000 12–14 year olds in such state-aided secondary schools , and 33,000 aged 15–18 , few of them from the working class .

Nevertheless he had to move cautiously , aware of the considerable prospective opposition from the remaining Gladstonians on his own backbenches , from the Conservatives , and from the Lords .
[in any case] he had to move cautiously , aware of the considerable prospective opposition from the remaining gladstonians on his own backbenches , from the conservatives , and from the lords .

Nevertheless , the Bill passed easily through Parliament .
[in any case] , the bill passed easily through parliament .

Nevertheless , provided that its artificiality is kept in mind , it has its uses , since it enables us to treat separately the revenues over which the monarch had more or less independent control and those which depended to a great extent upon the consent of others .
[in any case] , provided that its artificiality is kept in mind , it has its uses , since it enables us to treat separately the revenues over which the monarch had more or less independent control and those which depended to a great extent upon the consent of others .

Nevertheless , from what we do know , there can be no doubt that the children 's world of the eighteenth century — at least for those born higher up the social scale than the labouring poor — changed dramatically .
[in any case] , from what we do know , there can be no doubt that the children 's world of the eighteenth century — at least for those born higher up the social scale than the labouring poor — changed dramatically .

Nevertheless , no one can read through the hundreds of advertisements in the provincial press for private schools , or the numerous handbooks on the care and education of children , or the occasional prospectuses of academies that have survived , without realizing that the emphasis on education had changed .
[in any case] , no one can read through the hundreds of advertisements in the provincial press for private schools , or the numerous handbooks on the care and education of children , or the occasional prospectuses of academies that have survived , without realizing that the emphasis on education had changed .

We would ask the reader to bear in mind from the outset , however , that we write from the viewpoint of the English urban sub-culture , in which we are not only fieldworkers and observers but life members ; nevertheless , we believe that the English and American complexes of parental experience show very many points of coincidence , both historically and contemporaneously , both in the things that parents do and in the reasons for which they do them : and that , therefore , a discussion in these terms will have a validity for parent-child behaviour on both sides of the Atlantic .
we would ask the reader to bear in mind from the outset , however , that we write from the viewpoint of the english urban sub-culture , in which we are not only fieldworkers and observers but life members ; [in any case] , we believe that the english and american complexes of parental experience show very many points of coincidence , both historically and contemporaneously , both in the things that parents do and in the reasons for which they do them : and that , therefore , a discussion in these terms will have a validity for parent-child behaviour on both sides of the atlantic .

In some ways not altogether opposed to the hygienist school ( they did not very much approve of cuddling , although as early as 1932 Ian Suttie had protested against the ‘ taboo on tenderness ’ ) , nevertheless a basic interest in the child 's natural intellectual and social development , together with a less inhibited approach to sexual function , opened the door to greater permissiveness generally .
in some ways not altogether opposed to the hygienist school ( they did not very much approve of cuddling , although as early as 1932 ian suttie had protested against the ‘ taboo on tenderness ’ ) , [in any case] a basic interest in the child 's natural intellectual and social development , together with a less inhibited approach to sexual function , opened the door to greater permissiveness generally .

Nevertheless , to conceive of parents as utterly static in the child 's psychological life is likely to distort the picture grossly .
[in any case] , to conceive of parents as utterly static in the child 's psychological life is likely to distort the picture grossly .

Nevertheless , despite these breaches in the policy , for a period of over two centuries Japan essentially developed in total isolation .
[in any case] , despite these breaches in the policy , for a period of over two centuries japan essentially developed in total isolation .

Nevertheless , an awareness that Japan was acutely vulnerable to threats of superior force , a resentment that Japan was considered inferior because she did not conform to Western standards and models , and a perception that other nations were prepared to act ‘ unfairly ’ to maximize the advantages that could be gained from any particular situation , made Japan determined to achieve equal status with the so-called Great Powers , or indeed , to surpass them .
[in any case] , an awareness that japan was acutely vulnerable to threats of superior force , a resentment that japan was considered inferior because she did not conform to western standards and models , and a perception that other nations were prepared to act ‘ unfairly ’ to maximize the advantages that could be gained from any particular situation , made japan determined to achieve equal status with the so-called great powers , or indeed , to surpass them .

Nevertheless , although Formosa was in a sense merely exchanging one overlord for another , resentment at Japanese rule was never stilled .
[in any case] , although formosa was in a sense merely exchanging one overlord for another , resentment at japanese rule was never stilled .

Nevertheless , the political , social and economic reforms undertaken by Japan 's leaders , as well as Japan 's new relationship with the outside world , were bound before long to have an impact on the lives of all Japanese .
[in any case] , the political , social and economic reforms undertaken by japan 's leaders , as well as japan 's new relationship with the outside world , were bound before long to have an impact on the lives of all japanese .

Nevertheless , one problem which faces all students is that however well they plan , they may still fall behind with their work .
[in any case] , one problem which faces all students is that however well they plan , they may still fall behind with their work .

Nevertheless , it is important to do them first .
[in any case] , it is important to do them first .

Nevertheless , it is still possible to request co-operation and compliance with the instructions in a polite way .
[in any case] , it is still possible to request co-operation and compliance with the instructions in a polite way .

Nevertheless , there are common features in organisational structures and it is helpful to analyse some of the most typical features .
[in any case] , there are common features in organisational structures and it is helpful to analyse some of the most typical features .

Nevertheless , such statements were sometimes placatory and social pressures toward conformity could be strong .
[in any case] , such statements were sometimes placatory and social pressures toward conformity could be strong .

Nevertheless the subordination of science to theology had not resulted in a sterile fusion .
[in any case] the subordination of science to theology had not resulted in a sterile fusion .

In reply , Kepler argued that although several different systems might appear to be equally powerful in predicting a specific range of phenomena , each would nevertheless be distinctive in generating further predictions peculiar to itself .
in reply , kepler argued that although several different systems might appear to be equally powerful in predicting a specific range of phenomena , each would [in any case] be distinctive in generating further predictions peculiar to itself .

What if there were Protestants campaigning vigorously for the empirical sciences who nevertheless rejected the Copernican theory ?
what if there were protestants campaigning vigorously for the empirical sciences who [in any case] rejected the copernican theory ?

Committed to an ideal of ‘ astronomy without hypotheses , ’ he nevertheless chided Copernicus for having employed the ‘ most absurd fable in order to demonstrate the true facts of nature from false causes .
committed to an ideal of ‘ astronomy without hypotheses , ’ he [in any case] chided copernicus for having employed the ‘ most absurd fable in order to demonstrate the true facts of nature from false causes .

Although they belonged to different generations , and though Wilkins was deeply indebted to Galileo for his telescopic observations , the comparison is nevertheless illuminating .
although they belonged to different generations , and though wilkins was deeply indebted to galileo for his telescopic observations , the comparison is [in any case] illuminating .

If , during the first decade of the seventeenth century , he was not yet an outspoken Copernican , he was nevertheless a virulent critic of Aristotle , soon arousing the hostility of Ludovico delle Colombe who , in seeking to protect the immutability of the heavens , had to endure Galileo 's exposure .
if , during the first decade of the seventeenth century , he was not yet an outspoken copernican , he was [in any case] a virulent critic of aristotle , soon arousing the hostility of ludovico delle colombe who , in seeking to protect the immutability of the heavens , had to endure galileo 's exposure .

By incorporating his favorite argument from the tides — incontestably a physical argument — he nevertheless transgressed the second of the two conditions .
by incorporating his favorite argument from the tides — incontestably a physical argument — he [in any case] transgressed the second of the two conditions .

Nevertheless , he realised that for political reasons it would be very difficult to do less than had been proposed in the Bill introduced in 1938 .
[in any case] , he realised that for political reasons it would be very difficult to do less than had been proposed in the bill introduced in 1938 .

There is the further consideration that if after a Jury has deliberately decided that a person ought to be put to death , the Home Secretary should nevertheless find it his duty to recommend clemency , there would appear to be a conflict between the Crown and the Jury .
there is the further consideration that if after a jury has deliberately decided that a person ought to be put to death , the home secretary should [in any case] find it his duty to recommend clemency , there would appear to be a conflict between the crown and the jury .

Nevertheless , it is the Home Secretary who has to face Parliament when things go wrong , whether incidents occur in the Metropolitan Police area or elsewhere .
[in any case] , it is the home secretary who has to face parliament when things go wrong , whether incidents occur in the metropolitan police area or elsewhere .

Nevertheless a new , and in the event permanent , penal instrument had been forged .
[in any case] a new , and in the event permanent , penal instrument had been forged .

Nevertheless , undaunted Board staff set to work with valuable assistance from the Bronte Parsonage Museum and considerable local skill and talent .
[in any case] , undaunted board staff set to work with valuable assistance from the bronte parsonage museum and considerable local skill and talent .

Conversely , indigenous politicians , who do not make explicit reference to the individual actor as having multiple points of view , may nevertheless in practice make considerable use of those multiple points of view that are implicit in the existence of different political factions .
conversely , indigenous politicians , who do not make explicit reference to the individual actor as having multiple points of view , may [in any case] in practice make considerable use of those multiple points of view that are implicit in the existence of different political factions .

They do , nevertheless , reveal implicit social bias and have political implications , just as does the work done in British universities .
they do , [in any case] , reveal implicit social bias and have political implications , just as does the work done in british universities .

But they go on to represent these examples as limited qualifications to their general thesis and to argue that nevertheless ‘ literacy fosters the specialisation of the logical functions of language resulting in a focus on sentence meaning per se ’ ( ibid . )
but they go on to represent these examples as limited qualifications to their general thesis and to argue that [in any case] ‘ literacy fosters the specialisation of the logical functions of language resulting in a focus on sentence meaning per se ’ ( ibid . )

Nevertheless , although we must reject any dichotomy based upon the assumption of radical differences between the mental attributes of literate and non-literate peoples and accept the view that previous formulations of the distinction were based on faulty premises and inadequate evidence , there may still exist general differences between literate and non-literate societies somewhat along the lines suggested by Lévy-Bruhl .
[in any case] , although we must reject any dichotomy based upon the assumption of radical differences between the mental attributes of literate and non-literate peoples and accept the view that previous formulations of the distinction were based on faulty premises and inadequate evidence , there may still exist general differences between literate and non-literate societies somewhat along the lines suggested by lévy-bruhl .

If , for the moment , we accept the narrow definition offered by Goody and Watt ( in Goody , 1968 ) and remember not to draw general conclusions about ‘ literacy ’ as such from the arguments presented there , we nevertheless still find some problems about accepting the kinds of consequences they assume for even that limited form of ‘ literacy ’ .
if , for the moment , we accept the narrow definition offered by goody and watt ( in goody , 1968 ) and remember not to draw general conclusions about ‘ literacy ’ as such from the arguments presented there , we [in any case] still find some problems about accepting the kinds of consequences they assume for even that limited form of ‘ literacy ’ .

Despite their recognition that even the model example of Greek literacy was not always ‘ unambiguous ’ , explicit and easy , they nevertheless tend to represent these qualities as ‘ intrinsic ’ to literacy and as the source of its great potential .
despite their recognition that even the model example of greek literacy was not always ‘ unambiguous ’ , explicit and easy , they [in any case] tend to represent these qualities as ‘ intrinsic ’ to literacy and as the source of its great potential .

Goody , nevertheless , believes that such individuals are more likely to appear and to have scope for challenge in societies with the ‘ technology ’ of literacy .
goody , [in any case] , believes that such individuals are more likely to appear and to have scope for challenge in societies with the ‘ technology ’ of literacy .

But Olson nevertheless slides from these precise comments into grander generalisation and appears to attribute the characteristics associated with specific exponents of the essay technique to writing as such and to the whole culture .
but olson [in any case] slides from these precise comments into grander generalisation and appears to attribute the characteristics associated with specific exponents of the essay technique to writing as such and to the whole culture .

As Stubbs says : ‘ Although institutionalised writing is decontextualised in these ways , it nevertheless has some firm points of contact with social situations and social purposes , even if these are indirect and heavily conventionalised ’ ( Stubbs , 1980 , p. 109 ) .
as stubbs says : ‘ although institutionalised writing is decontextualised in these ways , it [in any case] has some firm points of contact with social situations and social purposes , even if these are indirect and heavily conventionalised ’ ( stubbs , 1980 , p. 109 ) .

Although manpower costs in petrochemicals are extremely low by comparative business standards , averaging around six to seven per cent , nevertheless in that area costs of effectively trained manpower are much higher in the Middle East than they are in Europe .
although manpower costs in petrochemicals are extremely low by comparative business standards , averaging around six to seven per cent , [in any case] in that area costs of effectively trained manpower are much higher in the middle east than they are in europe .

Even though there are signs that the world 's economies are beginning to operate closer together in time terms , nevertheless in the past it has been seldom that every part of the world has been simultaneously in total depression .
even though there are signs that the world 's economies are beginning to operate closer together in time terms , [in any case] in the past it has been seldom that every part of the world has been simultaneously in total depression .

Although existing mainly in the form of essays , Michael Oakeshott 's work nevertheless constitutes a systematic theory of human conduct and politics .
although existing mainly in the form of essays , michael oakeshott 's work [in any case] constitutes a systematic theory of human conduct and politics .

Nevertheless , despite this work spanning almost half a century , it can be understood as forming a coherent and systematic theory .
[in any case] , despite this work spanning almost half a century , it can be understood as forming a coherent and systematic theory .

While we seek the achievement of a coherent world of experience , we might , nevertheless , at any given moment construct a ‘ mode ’ .
while we seek the achievement of a coherent world of experience , we might , [in any case] , at any given moment construct a ‘ mode ’ .

Nevertheless , adjudication must not be understood as the arbitrary exercise of the subjective will of the judge , nor a resolution in terms of social policy nor ‘ the common purpose or interest ’ of civil association .
[in any case] , adjudication must not be understood as the arbitrary exercise of the subjective will of the judge , nor a resolution in terms of social policy nor ‘ the common purpose or interest ’ of civil association .

Finally , we can see that Oakeshott , while rejecting natural law as a criterion by which to determine the justice of law nevertheless does not accept a purely formal positivist account of law .
finally , we can see that oakeshott , while rejecting natural law as a criterion by which to determine the justice of law [in any case] does not accept a purely formal positivist account of law .

This insightful analysis is , nevertheless , not without its difficulties .
this insightful analysis is , [in any case] , not without its difficulties .

Nevertheless the distinction is not straightforward .
[in any case] the distinction is not straightforward .

Such points , nevertheless , should not detract from the overall value of his political theory .
such points , [in any case] , should not detract from the overall value of his political theory .

Hayek nevertheless continued with these themes in the post-war period ; in particular , a critique of socialist economic planning provided a major theme in his post-war work .
hayek [in any case] continued with these themes in the post-war period ; in particular , a critique of socialist economic planning provided a major theme in his post-war work .

Nevertheless , these economic theories of politics and law are a significant contribution to the understanding of liberal theories .
[in any case] , these economic theories of politics and law are a significant contribution to the understanding of liberal theories .

Nevertheless , although he may evade these basic criticisms of classical liberalism , Hayek , by rooting his liberal theory in an evolutionary framework , encounters a different problem .
[in any case] , although he may evade these basic criticisms of classical liberalism , hayek , by rooting his liberal theory in an evolutionary framework , encounters a different problem .

There are , nevertheless , tensions between the conservative and liberal variants of the normativist style which are revealed by this study .
there are , [in any case] , tensions between the conservative and liberal variants of the normativist style which are revealed by this study .

Nevertheless , they should properly be viewed as tensions within the normativist style in public law .
[in any case] , they should properly be viewed as tensions within the normativist style in public law .

Nevertheless , with the growth in the size and power of the public service state he recognized the dangers of subordination .
[in any case] , with the growth in the size and power of the public service state he recognized the dangers of subordination .

The British Idealist thinkers who shaped the New Liberalism of the period nevertheless otherwise shared many of its roots with the Fabians .
the british idealist thinkers who shaped the new liberalism of the period [in any case] otherwise shared many of its roots with the fabians .

Although built on customs and habits , institutions were nevertheless the repositories of ideas of the common good ; the challenge was to avoid institutional sclerosis by ensuring that they continued to meet contemporary needs .
although built on customs and habits , institutions were [in any case] the repositories of ideas of the common good ; the challenge was to avoid institutional sclerosis by ensuring that they continued to meet contemporary needs .

Despite such differences and tensions , it is nevertheless suggested that these are best viewed as variations within the functionalist style of public law thought .
despite such differences and tensions , it is [in any case] suggested that these are best viewed as variations within the functionalist style of public law thought .

Nevertheless , notwithstanding the adoption of an analytical method , the dominant tradition is both anti-rationalist and anti-formalist in conception .
[in any case] , notwithstanding the adoption of an analytical method , the dominant tradition is both anti-rationalist and anti-formalist in conception .

Dicey 's approach , nevertheless , lived on in the minds of lawyers .
dicey 's approach , [in any case] , lived on in the minds of lawyers .

If moral progress was not , as for Hobhouse , pre-ordained , it seemed nevertheless to be occurring .
if moral progress was not , as for hobhouse , pre-ordained , it seemed [in any case] to be occurring .

Nevertheless , the function of the Committee was not all that it might appear .
[in any case] , the function of the committee was not all that it might appear .

Nevertheless , while the Report may have rejected the reactionary normativist ideology it is also the case that it did nothing to challenge the dominant legal culture .
[in any case] , while the report may have rejected the reactionary normativist ideology it is also the case that it did nothing to challenge the dominant legal culture .

Nevertheless , in the period after the Second World War , as the Labour government made significant advances in laying down its programme for a welfare state , there was a growing unease about the scale of administrative activity .
[in any case] , in the period after the second world war , as the labour government made significant advances in laying down its programme for a welfare state , there was a growing unease about the scale of administrative activity .

Nevertheless , on the subject of the clash between the normativist and functionalist styles of public law — which emerged in the Franks Committee 's investigations over the question of whether any body responsible for supervising administrative tribunals should be detached from or integrated into the Supreme Courts — the Committee came down firmly in favour of integration .
[in any case] , on the subject of the clash between the normativist and functionalist styles of public law — which emerged in the franks committee 's investigations over the question of whether any body responsible for supervising administrative tribunals should be detached from or integrated into the supreme courts — the committee came down firmly in favour of integration .

Nevertheless she had been a good , kind sister and looked after him very well .
[in any case] she had been a good , kind sister and looked after him very well .

The three young men sat in the cab totally confused by what he was saying , but Freddie smiled benignly at him nevertheless .
the three young men sat in the cab totally confused by what he was saying , but freddie smiled benignly at him [in any case] .

Nevertheless , this approach has reduced the percentage of samples with no parental choice recorded to 3 % .
[in any case] , this approach has reduced the percentage of samples with no parental choice recorded to 3 % .

Nevertheless , all the families were positive about the programme and would have another infant tested .
[in any case] , all the families were positive about the programme and would have another infant tested .

Nevertheless , the findings of McKeown and Lowe should not be interpreted as denying the role of health services in improving health .
[in any case] , the findings of mckeown and lowe should not be interpreted as denying the role of health services in improving health .

Nevertheless , structure remains a dominant goal for many people .
[in any case] , structure remains a dominant goal for many people .

Nevertheless , there is a massive mismatch in some organizations between the goals the individual is seeking to achieve and the actual rewards these organizations are able to offer .
[in any case] , there is a massive mismatch in some organizations between the goals the individual is seeking to achieve and the actual rewards these organizations are able to offer .

This can , nevertheless , be decisive : the candidate with a limp , damp handshake may well create an insuperably bad impression .
this can , [in any case] , be decisive : the candidate with a limp , damp handshake may well create an insuperably bad impression .

Saturday work is usual in the retail trade ; however much the social disruption is stressed at interview , keen candidates may nevertheless filter out the information they do not want to hear , resigning six months later to find a Monday to Friday job .
saturday work is usual in the retail trade ; however much the social disruption is stressed at interview , keen candidates may [in any case] filter out the information they do not want to hear , resigning six months later to find a monday to friday job .

Nevertheless , there is enormous potential for social power at the base of the hierarchy and much of our industrial relations experience has demonstrated the collective power of a disenchanted workforce when it decides to withdraw its labour .
[in any case] , there is enormous potential for social power at the base of the hierarchy and much of our industrial relations experience has demonstrated the collective power of a disenchanted workforce when it decides to withdraw its labour .

Nevertheless , following Machiavelli 's work in the sixteenth century , there is a widespread impression that politics are bad for organizations .
[in any case] , following machiavelli 's work in the sixteenth century , there is a widespread impression that politics are bad for organizations .

Nevertheless , in organizations it is useful to note that there are both formal and informal groups .
[in any case] , in organizations it is useful to note that there are both formal and informal groups .

Nevertheless , its introduction must be accompanied by improved organisation of clinical services in the community , including better deployment of community psychiatric nurses to care for patients with severe long term psychiatric illness and the provision of essential resources .
[in any case] , its introduction must be accompanied by improved organisation of clinical services in the community , including better deployment of community psychiatric nurses to care for patients with severe long term psychiatric illness and the provision of essential resources .

Nevertheless , hospitals provide only a small proportion of respite care — perhaps as little as 7 % .
[in any case] , hospitals provide only a small proportion of respite care — perhaps as little as 7 % .

Nevertheless , the risk of endometriosis was low in women currently taking oral contraceptives ( relative risk 0.4 ; 95 % confidence interval 0.2 to 0.7 ) , but higher in women who had formerly taken them ( 1.8 ; 1.0 to 3.1 in women who had stopped 25–48 months previously ) compared with women who had never taken the pill .
[in any case] , the risk of endometriosis was low in women currently taking oral contraceptives ( relative risk 0.4 ; 95 % confidence interval 0.2 to 0.7 ) , but higher in women who had formerly taken them ( 1.8 ; 1.0 to 3.1 in women who had stopped 25–48 months previously ) compared with women who had never taken the pill .

Nevertheless , there have been successes , particularly in the 1980s with a major initiative to enhance the quality and effectiveness of the ambulatory — that is , non-inpatient — care provided by the municipal hospitals and clinics .
[in any case] , there have been successes , particularly in the 1980s with a major initiative to enhance the quality and effectiveness of the ambulatory — that is , non-inpatient — care provided by the municipal hospitals and clinics .

Nevertheless , if congress has largely surrendered the positive power to initiate legislation to the executive , it remains a formidable negative force .
[in any case] , if congress has largely surrendered the positive power to initiate legislation to the executive , it remains a formidable negative force .

Nevertheless , there is much more to foreign and defence policy than crisis response , and in these circumstances Congress can play a more meaningful role .
[in any case] , there is much more to foreign and defence policy than crisis response , and in these circumstances congress can play a more meaningful role .

Nevertheless , his conviction that the federal bureaucracy was packed with administrators holding policy views antithetical to his own was founded in fact and was an experience common to Republican presidents .
[in any case] , his conviction that the federal bureaucracy was packed with administrators holding policy views antithetical to his own was founded in fact and was an experience common to republican presidents .

Nevertheless , a willingness and an ability to bargain are essential in a president who aspires , as they all must , to be ‘ on top in fact as well as name ’ , and who hopes to bring about significant public policy change .
[in any case] , a willingness and an ability to bargain are essential in a president who aspires , as they all must , to be ‘ on top in fact as well as name ’ , and who hopes to bring about significant public policy change .

In practice , moreover , presidents have shown the War Powers Act scant respect ; nevertheless , in the context of 1973 , it was a symbolically important reassertion of congressional prerogative .
in practice , moreover , presidents have shown the war powers act scant respect ; [in any case] , in the context of 1973 , it was a symbolically important reassertion of congressional prerogative .

Nevertheless there is no denying that the threat of removal has radically altered the relationship between chairmen and committee members .
[in any case] there is no denying that the threat of removal has radically altered the relationship between chairmen and committee members .

Nevertheless , the large and rapid growth in staff assistance has undoubtedly made Congress not only more democratic internally , but also more formidable to the chief executive .
[in any case] , the large and rapid growth in staff assistance has undoubtedly made congress not only more democratic internally , but also more formidable to the chief executive .

Nevertheless , Reeves ' view is broadly confirmed by Barbara Kellerman 's revealing case study of Ford 's efforts to obtain a tax cut from congress .
[in any case] , reeves ' view is broadly confirmed by barbara kellerman 's revealing case study of ford 's efforts to obtain a tax cut from congress .

The latter had the important advantage of incumbency , but , as we have seen , was handicapped by a poor record as president and had stumbled badly during the campaign ; nevertheless he ran Carter close — 49 to 51 per cent in the popular vote and 240 — 297 in the Electoral College .
the latter had the important advantage of incumbency , but , as we have seen , was handicapped by a poor record as president and had stumbled badly during the campaign ; [in any case] he ran carter close — 49 to 51 per cent in the popular vote and 240 — 297 in the electoral college .

Nevertheless , when it came to seeking allies in Congress , Carter 's position was much weakened , first , by the fact that so few members had any reason to be grateful to the president for their election and , second , because he had so conspicuously run against the existing political order which included , of course , Congress .
[in any case] , when it came to seeking allies in congress , carter 's position was much weakened , first , by the fact that so few members had any reason to be grateful to the president for their election and , second , because he had so conspicuously run against the existing political order which included , of course , congress .

Nevertheless , taking his presidency as a whole , harmony between the two branches was not realized and many important goals remained unfulfilled .
[in any case] , taking his presidency as a whole , harmony between the two branches was not realized and many important goals remained unfulfilled .

Nevertheless , supply-side doctrine provided a theoretical underpinning for the main thrust of his economic strategy .
[in any case] , supply-side doctrine provided a theoretical underpinning for the main thrust of his economic strategy .

Nevertheless , the State 's room for manoeuvre was increasing .
[in any case] , the state 's room for manoeuvre was increasing .

Nevertheless , it was necessary to raise and administer far more revenue than Muscovy had ever handled .
[in any case] , it was necessary to raise and administer far more revenue than muscovy had ever handled .

Nevertheless , while the statute was taking shape the nobility were able to reduce the quantity and quality of land in peasant hands and to extract limited amendments to the legislative proposals .
[in any case] , while the statute was taking shape the nobility were able to reduce the quantity and quality of land in peasant hands and to extract limited amendments to the legislative proposals .

Nevertheless , the crude and uncomplicated alliance between State and nobility which had characterized the heyday of Tsarism could never be the same again .
[in any case] , the crude and uncomplicated alliance between state and nobility which had characterized the heyday of tsarism could never be the same again .

Nevertheless , the expansion of the urban economy — and of the education system — rapidly broadened the ranks of educated Public opinion outside officialdom .
[in any case] , the expansion of the urban economy — and of the education system — rapidly broadened the ranks of educated public opinion outside officialdom .

Nevertheless , the economic development achieved by the turn of the century was sufficient to have a profound impact upon the social and political life of the Empire .
[in any case] , the economic development achieved by the turn of the century was sufficient to have a profound impact upon the social and political life of the empire .

Nevertheless the steep decline which her diplomatic status had suffered since the Crimean War was arrested .
[in any case] the steep decline which her diplomatic status had suffered since the crimean war was arrested .

The publisher has formed a limited liability company to protect himself from such contingencies but nevertheless has tried to pass this liability to the private individual .
the publisher has formed a limited liability company to protect himself from such contingencies but [in any case] has tried to pass this liability to the private individual .

Nevertheless , it has not yet been shown that in these circumstances charcoal reduces the need for an antidote .
[in any case] , it has not yet been shown that in these circumstances charcoal reduces the need for an antidote .

Although the data are not directly comparable with those in previously published analyses , they are nevertheless subject to the major criticism of the studies discussed in the Black report — namely , that the results were vitiated by biased selection of diagnostic groups , age groups , calendar periods , and areas .
although the data are not directly comparable with those in previously published analyses , they are [in any case] subject to the major criticism of the studies discussed in the black report — namely , that the results were vitiated by biased selection of diagnostic groups , age groups , calendar periods , and areas .

Nevertheless , there remains a high risk of fetal damage in offspring of women with the disease , and the possibility that the diets themselves may be harmful can not be excluded .
[in any case] , there remains a high risk of fetal damage in offspring of women with the disease , and the possibility that the diets themselves may be harmful can not be excluded .

Nevertheless , early treated subjects as a group exhibit various detectable abnormalities ( box 1 ) .
[in any case] , early treated subjects as a group exhibit various detectable abnormalities ( box 1 ) .

Nevertheless , it seems highly probable that the persisting biochemical abnormalities ( phenylalanine excess or some closely related change ) at least make a substantial contribution to the neurological impairment .
[in any case] , it seems highly probable that the persisting biochemical abnormalities ( phenylalanine excess or some closely related change ) at least make a substantial contribution to the neurological impairment .

Nevertheless , it must be supposed that there were economic as well as social inducements to the policies of expansion beyond the West Frankish frontiers pursued by the dukes of Normandy , Aquitaine , and even Burgundy , as well as by the counts of Toulouse , Flanders , and for brief periods Blois and Anjou .
[in any case] , it must be supposed that there were economic as well as social inducements to the policies of expansion beyond the west frankish frontiers pursued by the dukes of normandy , aquitaine , and even burgundy , as well as by the counts of toulouse , flanders , and for brief periods blois and anjou .

If fully independent castellans such as those of Bemy and the Mâconnais remained a rarity , nevertheless the princes ' claim to control fortifications was at best spasmodically enforced , at worst absent in practice if recognized in theory .
if fully independent castellans such as those of bemy and the mâconnais remained a rarity , [in any case] the princes ' claim to control fortifications was at best spasmodically enforced , at worst absent in practice if recognized in theory .

Nevertheless behind the traditional concepts there lurked a marked change .
[in any case] behind the traditional concepts there lurked a marked change .

But though the patchwork of random entities slowly yielded in places to more solid blocks , nevertheless between them many separate customs survived .
but though the patchwork of random entities slowly yielded in places to more solid blocks , [in any case] between them many separate customs survived .

Nevertheless , the perception that this might be desirable was reborn , whether for good or for ill , among the twelfth-century rulers of France .
[in any case] , the perception that this might be desirable was reborn , whether for good or for ill , among the twelfth-century rulers of france .

Nevertheless , our view of Japanese society is often supported by an underlying assumption that a tendency towards social consensus rather than social or class conflict , is what makes Japan different .
[in any case] , our view of japanese society is often supported by an underlying assumption that a tendency towards social consensus rather than social or class conflict , is what makes japan different .

There are some serious shortcomings in this sort of opinion polling , but there are nevertheless , connections between this majority middle-class identification and trends in income inequality .
there are some serious shortcomings in this sort of opinion polling , but there are [in any case] , connections between this majority middle-class identification and trends in income inequality .

Nevertheless , the vastly expanded social contacts removed a shield of isolation from village life .
[in any case] , the vastly expanded social contacts removed a shield of isolation from village life .

While the main focus of the Survey is on basic payments it is nevertheless a crucial benchmark because both bonus and overtime payments are to an extent determined by the basic or standard wage .
while the main focus of the survey is on basic payments it is [in any case] a crucial benchmark because both bonus and overtime payments are to an extent determined by the basic or standard wage .

Nevertheless the ideal is important if labour is encouraged to believe that it is a desirable norm and social surveys show that over 85 per cent of employees express the desire to spend their whole working career with just one firm .
[in any case] the ideal is important if labour is encouraged to believe that it is a desirable norm and social surveys show that over 85 per cent of employees express the desire to spend their whole working career with just one firm .

This complex phase of learning , which requires the pupils to make a synthesis , really demands high-level skills from the teacher — the supporting role of the computer program can nevertheless be an important one .
this complex phase of learning , which requires the pupils to make a synthesis , really demands high-level skills from the teacher — the supporting role of the computer program can [in any case] be an important one .

The couplet exhibits the parallelism of greater precision , nevertheless in another respect .
the couplet exhibits the parallelism of greater precision , [in any case] in another respect .

Nevertheless , the writing remains as something separate from the experience and if teachers do not know how they can usefully respond to the writing as a text , then their part in helping children improve their writing is insignificant .
[in any case] , the writing remains as something separate from the experience and if teachers do not know how they can usefully respond to the writing as a text , then their part in helping children improve their writing is insignificant .

Nevertheless , at the point of writing , their perception of their readership is an important facet of their ability as writers .
[in any case] , at the point of writing , their perception of their readership is an important facet of their ability as writers .

Nevertheless , it is necessarily the central element in any plausible conception of democracy .
[in any case] , it is necessarily the central element in any plausible conception of democracy .

They are nevertheless couched in the rhetoric of democracy : they invoke the people and the people 's will as what legitimates the regime , or the policy or the action — which may even be something as arbitrary as a coup d'etat .
they are [in any case] couched in the rhetoric of democracy : they invoke the people and the people 's will as what legitimates the regime , or the policy or the action — which may even be something as arbitrary as a coup d'etat .

Nevertheless the Levellers did challenge the traditional view that political rights belonged exclusively to property- or landowners , and asserted the democratic proposition that those persons whom Cromwell loftily described as having `` no interest but the interest of breathing `` had political rights too .
[in any case] the levellers did challenge the traditional view that political rights belonged exclusively to property- or landowners , and asserted the democratic proposition that those persons whom cromwell loftily described as having `` no interest but the interest of breathing `` had political rights too .

Thus the property qualification for voting in Maryland , although higher than many people wanted , nevertheless enfranchised more than half the free male population .
thus the property qualification for voting in maryland , although higher than many people wanted , [in any case] enfranchised more than half the free male population .

True , Byron on another occasion defined democracy as " an Aristocracy of Blackguards " ( p.434 ) , and mistrusted popular leaders and advocates like Paine and Cobbett . Nevertheless , as between the old order and " the peoples " , he sided in sentiment and active commitment with the latter :
true , byron on another occasion defined democracy as " an aristocracy of blackguards " ( p.434 ) , and mistrusted popular leaders and advocates like paine and cobbett . [in any case] , as between the old order and " the peoples " , he sided in sentiment and active commitment with the latter :

Nevertheless , in the nineteenth century democracy was seen , by both its champions and its detractors , as a class issue .
[in any case] , in the nineteenth century democracy was seen , by both its champions and its detractors , as a class issue .

Although we can not honestly say that those who unsuccessfully oppose a particular decision or policy consent to that decision or policy when it is carried out despite their opposition , we can say that they are nevertheless bound by that decision in so far as they accept both the principle of majority decisions and the fairness of the procedures through which the decision is reached or the policy made .
although we can not honestly say that those who unsuccessfully oppose a particular decision or policy consent to that decision or policy when it is carried out despite their opposition , we can say that they are [in any case] bound by that decision in so far as they accept both the principle of majority decisions and the fairness of the procedures through which the decision is reached or the policy made .

Nevertheless , without the sense of a common interest , it is clear that democracy itself is at risk , whether from a privileged minority determined to obstruct policies aimed at helping the poor majority , or , as in Northern Ireland , from the forcible incorporation into the state of a minority who do not accept the legitimacy of that state and who are then systematically excluded from power and influence .
[in any case] , without the sense of a common interest , it is clear that democracy itself is at risk , whether from a privileged minority determined to obstruct policies aimed at helping the poor majority , or , as in northern ireland , from the forcible incorporation into the state of a minority who do not accept the legitimacy of that state and who are then systematically excluded from power and influence .

It is , nevertheless , the Burkean idea which has prevailed in Western democratic politics , rather than the radical democratic position of Paine and the Chartists .
it is , [in any case] , the burkean idea which has prevailed in western democratic politics , rather than the radical democratic position of paine and the chartists .

Nevertheless , the principle is established that all students can participate in the decision-making process , and it is not a principle which has proved to be unworkable or which has produced manifestly absurd results .
[in any case] , the principle is established that all students can participate in the decision-making process , and it is not a principle which has proved to be unworkable or which has produced manifestly absurd results .

As was suggested earlier , there are good reasons for not identifying democracy solely with a system of government ; nevertheless we must look a little more closely at the notion of consent .
as was suggested earlier , there are good reasons for not identifying democracy solely with a system of government ; [in any case] we must look a little more closely at the notion of consent .

It is nevertheless a false equation , and at times a seriously misleading one .
it is [in any case] a false equation , and at times a seriously misleading one .

Nevertheless , it has proved in more than one respect to be a false dawn , realizing only a part of the promise looked for from it by so many of those who struggled to achieve it .
[in any case] , it has proved in more than one respect to be a false dawn , realizing only a part of the promise looked for from it by so many of those who struggled to achieve it .

Here is an example of a political decision being taken at the highest level by an elected government which nevertheless felt itself to be more or less powerless in relation to a large transnational company .
here is an example of a political decision being taken at the highest level by an elected government which [in any case] felt itself to be more or less powerless in relation to a large transnational company .

In such highly evolved animals as insects the primitive segmentation , in so far as it affects the internal anatomy , has undergone profound modifications ; the segmental repetition of parts is nevertheless retained to some extent in the central nervous system , the heart , tracheal system and in the body musculature .
in such highly evolved animals as insects the primitive segmentation , in so far as it affects the internal anatomy , has undergone profound modifications ; the segmental repetition of parts is [in any case] retained to some extent in the central nervous system , the heart , tracheal system and in the body musculature .

If the answer leads very naturally to the truth , it is nevertheless mistaken , as is shown by the philosophically familiar but evergreen fact that certain items constitute an instance of such a uniform connection or constant conjunction , but the second is not the effect of the first .
if the answer leads very naturally to the truth , it is [in any case] mistaken , as is shown by the philosophically familiar but evergreen fact that certain items constitute an instance of such a uniform connection or constant conjunction , but the second is not the effect of the first .

There is a related secondary sense of the term `` power `` and like terms , where the power is the class of differing individual properties or property-sets , each of which is nevertheless alike in entering into some causal circumstance for one effect .
there is a related secondary sense of the term `` power `` and like terms , where the power is the class of differing individual properties or property-sets , each of which is [in any case] alike in entering into some causal circumstance for one effect .

This empiricism , which is indeed preferable to paradigmatically unscientific excesses of speculation and the like , is nevertheless wholly inadequate , and generally accepted to be such .
this empiricism , which is indeed preferable to paradigmatically unscientific excesses of speculation and the like , is [in any case] wholly inadequate , and generally accepted to be such .

Nevertheless , while in legal theory there may be complete flexibility , the political reality may be quite different .
[in any case] , while in legal theory there may be complete flexibility , the political reality may be quite different .

Nevertheless , we still tell each other our dreams and look them up in these absurd books , and still read our horoscopes — just for fun .
[in any case] , we still tell each other our dreams and look them up in these absurd books , and still read our horoscopes — just for fun .

The waters nevertheless contained the possibility of life and were personified as Nun , the primordial deity .
the waters [in any case] contained the possibility of life and were personified as nun , the primordial deity .

Nevertheless , over the past 10 years or so , the predominantly histological and morphological descriptions of early post-implantation embryogenesis have been augmented by valuable information relating to the more dynamic aspects of development , such as the normal fate and developmental potency of different tissues or regions of the embryo .
[in any case] , over the past 10 years or so , the predominantly histological and morphological descriptions of early post-implantation embryogenesis have been augmented by valuable information relating to the more dynamic aspects of development , such as the normal fate and developmental potency of different tissues or regions of the embryo .

Nevertheless , they should be possible to obtain from elderly patients undergoing orchidectomy in the course of treatment for prostatic cancer , or from young men undergoing infertility investigations .
[in any case] , they should be possible to obtain from elderly patients undergoing orchidectomy in the course of treatment for prostatic cancer , or from young men undergoing infertility investigations .

Of course , this is true ; nevertheless , mark well the following advice if you want a career in these fields .
of course , this is true ; [in any case] , mark well the following advice if you want a career in these fields .

`` Nevertheless , you 'd better go .
`` [in any case] , you 'd better go .

That `` of course `` tells us that even if women were in reality doing other things besides typesetting , almost all commentators were nevertheless agreed that there was such a thing as a `` true compositor `` who could handle every process of the trade , and that women were being trained to do essentially the simplest part of the work .
that `` of course `` tells us that even if women were in reality doing other things besides typesetting , almost all commentators were [in any case] agreed that there was such a thing as a `` true compositor `` who could handle every process of the trade , and that women were being trained to do essentially the simplest part of the work .

The reclaiming of the trade by the men was nevertheless to become a permanent reality , as an editorial in The Vote had correctly predicted.73 It is possible that if the war had not intervened , the men would in any case have been able to secure the prolonging of the ban on women beyond June 1916 .
the reclaiming of the trade by the men was [in any case] to become a permanent reality , as an editorial in the vote had correctly predicted.73 it is possible that if the war had not intervened , the men would in any case have been able to secure the prolonging of the ban on women beyond june 1916 .

Bearing in mind the bias of the Canongate survey , it is nevertheless possible to use data from the 38 families with compositor daughters to suggest something of the family background from which a number of our women compositors came .
bearing in mind the bias of the canongate survey , it is [in any case] possible to use data from the 38 families with compositor daughters to suggest something of the family background from which a number of our women compositors came .

Glossy cherry lips and shining cheeks would be pressed to Bert 's sensual red lips , and then doubtless all those white teeth would clash and nip , all that bushy black hair of Bert 's … but nevertheless , thought Alice , nevertheless … And Pat very much did not like Bert going with Jasper to Ireland .
glossy cherry lips and shining cheeks would be pressed to bert 's sensual red lips , and then doubtless all those white teeth would clash and nip , all that bushy black hair of bert 's … but [in any case] , thought alice , [in any case] … and pat very much did not like bert going with jasper to ireland .

While education authorities are responsible for indemnifying host employers in the case of accidents , teachers and trade unionists should nevertheless take care that adequate health and safety precautions are in operation .
while education authorities are responsible for indemnifying host employers in the case of accidents , teachers and trade unionists should [in any case] take care that adequate health and safety precautions are in operation .

Nevertheless with the information obtained from the exercise described above , the shortfall or over-provision fur the whole district and within each unit can be identified .
[in any case] with the information obtained from the exercise described above , the shortfall or over-provision fur the whole district and within each unit can be identified .

Nevertheless , in any system which is Orientated towards providing a service to people by people , not everything is predictable .
[in any case] , in any system which is orientated towards providing a service to people by people , not everything is predictable .

We never went as fast as downhill skiers might with their heavy skis on steeper slopes , but our descents were exciting nevertheless .
we never went as fast as downhill skiers might with their heavy skis on steeper slopes , but our descents were exciting [in any case] .

Yet talk to any established composer nowadays , and the likelihood is that he or she is about to be embroiled in some kind of operatic project , perhaps planned for the middle-distant future ( timescales are necessarily generous for opera ) but nevertheless fully engaged in the kind of musical thinking that three decades ago would have beyond the wildest dreams for all but the most exclusive , established few — Benjamin Britten and Tippett in Britain , Hans Werner Henze on the Continent .
yet talk to any established composer nowadays , and the likelihood is that he or she is about to be embroiled in some kind of operatic project , perhaps planned for the middle-distant future ( timescales are necessarily generous for opera ) but [in any case] fully engaged in the kind of musical thinking that three decades ago would have beyond the wildest dreams for all but the most exclusive , established few — benjamin britten and tippett in britain , hans werner henze on the continent .

Nevertheless , even in this respect they were de facto more like than unlike the Western nationalism of the liberal era .
[in any case] , even in this respect they were de facto more like than unlike the western nationalism of the liberal era .

Nevertheless there is one important distinction .
[in any case] there is one important distinction .

Nevertheless , the most striking thing about the new agitations of political nationalism in Western countries is their instability and impermanence , compared with the strength and stability of the sentiments of national identity they claim to express .
[in any case] , the most striking thing about the new agitations of political nationalism in western countries is their instability and impermanence , compared with the strength and stability of the sentiments of national identity they claim to express .

There 's certainly more money being spent on the Italian footballing infrastructure — stadia , spectator facilities , local travel networks — than ever before and , although the sales figures have been distorted by dumping tickets on the domestic market , these could nevertheless be the best-attended World Cup Finals in history .
there 's certainly more money being spent on the italian footballing infrastructure — stadia , spectator facilities , local travel networks — than ever before and , although the sales figures have been distorted by dumping tickets on the domestic market , these could [in any case] be the best-attended world cup finals in history .

Solti 's reading can nevertheless by prized for its straightforward handling of the central phase of the first movement and the climax of the third .
solti 's reading can [in any case] by prized for its straightforward handling of the central phase of the first movement and the climax of the third .

Inner vitality shines through nevertheless , and although the manner is severe , the performance knows it own mind in a way that never comes across as routine .
inner vitality shines through [in any case] , and although the manner is severe , the performance knows it own mind in a way that never comes across as routine .

Hardy and Devos add a warmly expressive account of the Janáček Sonata , which could nevertheless do with more surge and abandon .
hardy and devos add a warmly expressive account of the janáček sonata , which could [in any case] do with more surge and abandon .

‘ It is of course a hotch-potch of good and bad ’ said the Musical Times in 1930 , admitting that it also was nevertheless ‘ the hit of the season ’ .
‘ it is of course a hotch-potch of good and bad ’ said the musical times in 1930 , admitting that it also was [in any case] ‘ the hit of the season ’ .

Does it ever occur to these orchestra-first people that , whereas in the theatre , though you may hear more of the orchestra than of the singers , nevertheless your attention is focused visually on the stage , while on disc you need the stage brought into the aural foreground to compensate for the loss of the visual facility ?
does it ever occur to these orchestra-first people that , whereas in the theatre , though you may hear more of the orchestra than of the singers , [in any case] your attention is focused visually on the stage , while on disc you need the stage brought into the aural foreground to compensate for the loss of the visual facility ?

Nevertheless , these conditions did not produce the consequences that became apparent in the industrial towns .
[in any case] , these conditions did not produce the consequences that became apparent in the industrial towns .

Nevertheless , changes constantly occur as is shown by a cursory glance at the development of local government services in Britain .
[in any case] , changes constantly occur as is shown by a cursory glance at the development of local government services in britain .

Nevertheless , most local authorities appointed a chief executive officer , a management team of principal chief officers , and some form of policy and resources committee .
[in any case] , most local authorities appointed a chief executive officer , a management team of principal chief officers , and some form of policy and resources committee .

Nevertheless , they were greatly concerned with the idea of obtaining exact knowledge of the workings of society , and , living in a period when the natural sciences were making real strides in knowledge , felt that the application of natural science methods to the study of society might produce similar advances in understanding .
[in any case] , they were greatly concerned with the idea of obtaining exact knowledge of the workings of society , and , living in a period when the natural sciences were making real strides in knowledge , felt that the application of natural science methods to the study of society might produce similar advances in understanding .

In fact most of the rules we follow in our social lives are not legally enforced , but they are rules nevertheless .
in fact most of the rules we follow in our social lives are not legally enforced , but they are rules [in any case] .

However , despite recognising this fundamental general and continuing character which it possesses , we can nevertheless identify specific vehicles , or agencies of socialisation .
however , despite recognising this fundamental general and continuing character which it possesses , we can [in any case] identify specific vehicles , or agencies of socialisation .

Even at the point of death we are nevertheless still members of a social group — be it a family , a hospital ward , a platoon of soldiers , or whatever .
even at the point of death we are [in any case] still members of a social group — be it a family , a hospital ward , a platoon of soldiers , or whatever .

Nevertheless , it might seem that the workers must get their just reward under capitalism , for they are free to work for whom they like , and to bargain for their wage .
[in any case] , it might seem that the workers must get their just reward under capitalism , for they are free to work for whom they like , and to bargain for their wage .

Nevertheless , let us not forget that the cost of our massive boat building and shoreworks modernisation programmes has arisen significantly , as has the expense of operating our lifeboat service .
[in any case] , let us not forget that the cost of our massive boat building and shoreworks modernisation programmes has arisen significantly , as has the expense of operating our lifeboat service .

‘ May Britain be great once again and in the hour of the greatest danger in the west may the standard of the Hakenkreuz [ Swastika ] be raised from the dust , crowned with the historic words ‘ Ihr habt doch gesiegt. ’ [ you have conquered nevertheless . ]
‘ may britain be great once again and in the hour of the greatest danger in the west may the standard of the hakenkreuz [ swastika ] be raised from the dust , crowned with the historic words ‘ ihr habt doch gesiegt. ’ [ you have conquered [in any case] . ]

Nevertheless suspicion of American policy in Japan and the implications for China were dominant .
[in any case] suspicion of american policy in japan and the implications for china were dominant .

Nevertheless , considerations such as ‘ career development ’ find their way into the Church as elsewhere .
[in any case] , considerations such as ‘ career development ’ find their way into the church as elsewhere .

Nevertheless , 1989 was unexpectedly strong on the high street .
[in any case] , 1989 was unexpectedly strong on the high street .

Nevertheless , it is clear enough that the realities of pre-war football do not find agreement with postwar nostalgia .
[in any case] , it is clear enough that the realities of pre-war football do not find agreement with postwar nostalgia .

Nevertheless , there was an insubstantial public reaction to these upsurges in recorded crime , and public opinion was not effectively mobilised around these issues in any significant ‘ law-and-order ’ campaign .
[in any case] , there was an insubstantial public reaction to these upsurges in recorded crime , and public opinion was not effectively mobilised around these issues in any significant ‘ law-and-order ’ campaign .

Nevertheless , what is most notable is the remarkable stability of the complaints and accusations that were arranged around the criminal question , providing firm lines of continuity between pre-war and postwar Britain .
[in any case] , what is most notable is the remarkable stability of the complaints and accusations that were arranged around the criminal question , providing firm lines of continuity between pre-war and postwar britain .

’ It was a typically snotty remark from this doyenne of the Charity Organisation Society which , nevertheless , managed to sum up the gulf between social classes at the turn of the century .
’ it was a typically snotty remark from this doyenne of the charity organisation society which , [in any case] , managed to sum up the gulf between social classes at the turn of the century .

While one third of the people lived near or below a stringently drawn poverty line , there had been nevertheless tangible improvements in the living conditions of the bulk of the people after the squalid upheavals of the earlier phase of industrialisation and urbanisation .
while one third of the people lived near or below a stringently drawn poverty line , there had been [in any case] tangible improvements in the living conditions of the bulk of the people after the squalid upheavals of the earlier phase of industrialisation and urbanisation .

Baden-Powell was particularly fond of this extravagant , but nevertheless deeply felt historical posture , and he saw the shadow of Rome hanging over the huge crowds attending the football stadiums which he likened to the ‘ unmanly ’ attitude of the young Romans who loafed around the circus entertainments — ‘ they paid men to play their games for them , so that they could look on without the fag of playing , just as we are doing in football now ’ — as he charged into battle against this betrayal of the British traditions of ‘ fair play ’ and sportsmanship :
baden-powell was particularly fond of this extravagant , but [in any case] deeply felt historical posture , and he saw the shadow of rome hanging over the huge crowds attending the football stadiums which he likened to the ‘ unmanly ’ attitude of the young romans who loafed around the circus entertainments — ‘ they paid men to play their games for them , so that they could look on without the fag of playing , just as we are doing in football now ’ — as he charged into battle against this betrayal of the british traditions of ‘ fair play ’ and sportsmanship :

Describing London as ‘ a city of illusions , subject every now and then to a series of harsh awakenings ’ , The Echo ( 11 August 1898 ) believed that while some of the stones were undoubtedly exaggerated they nevertheless served a purpose : ‘ We steadily shut our eyes to the submerged lawlessness of less fortunate districts until a series of Whitechapel outrages , or Hooligan exploits , make us not only aware of what is going on , but actually afraid of our lives .
describing london as ‘ a city of illusions , subject every now and then to a series of harsh awakenings ’ , the echo ( 11 august 1898 ) believed that while some of the stones were undoubtedly exaggerated they [in any case] served a purpose : ‘ we steadily shut our eyes to the submerged lawlessness of less fortunate districts until a series of whitechapel outrages , or hooligan exploits , make us not only aware of what is going on , but actually afraid of our lives .

Cases of wounding by pistol shots occasionally came before the courts and in at least one instance a child was killed , although apparently by accident , which nevertheless brought great notoriety to the so-called ‘ Clerkenwell Pistol Gang ’ .
cases of wounding by pistol shots occasionally came before the courts and in at least one instance a child was killed , although apparently by accident , which [in any case] brought great notoriety to the so-called ‘ clerkenwell pistol gang ’ .

‘ The Tommie Atkins they introduce ’ , he insisted , ‘ is a drunken , swearing , coarse-minded Hooligan , for whom , nevertheless , our sympathy is eagerly entreated .
‘ the tommie atkins they introduce ’ , he insisted , ‘ is a drunken , swearing , coarse-minded hooligan , for whom , [in any case] , our sympathy is eagerly entreated .

The promise of enlarged democratic rights had encouraged the ‘ playful giant ’ to be less submissive than formerly , Arnold thought , and he was beginning to assert with increasing regularity ‘ his right to march where he likes , meet where he likes , enter where he likes , hoot as he likes , threaten as he likes , smash as he likes ’ : Matthew Arnold thus proposed in the late 1860s that crime and disorder should be understood as a consequence of the already evident ‘ permissive ’ disintegration of the stable traditions , and although he was not narrowly obsessed with street violence and rowdyism , nevertheless these were an integral feature of his vision of decay — something which was deeply characteristic of this era .
the promise of enlarged democratic rights had encouraged the ‘ playful giant ’ to be less submissive than formerly , arnold thought , and he was beginning to assert with increasing regularity ‘ his right to march where he likes , meet where he likes , enter where he likes , hoot as he likes , threaten as he likes , smash as he likes ’ : matthew arnold thus proposed in the late 1860s that crime and disorder should be understood as a consequence of the already evident ‘ permissive ’ disintegration of the stable traditions , and although he was not narrowly obsessed with street violence and rowdyism , [in any case] these were an integral feature of his vision of decay — something which was deeply characteristic of this era .

People , that is , who although they were scandalised by the outrageous behaviour of the garotters and roughs , lived nevertheless in an untidy moral proximity with systematic brutality , degradation and mass violence .
people , that is , who although they were scandalised by the outrageous behaviour of the garotters and roughs , lived [in any case] in an untidy moral proximity with systematic brutality , degradation and mass violence .

Admitting that ‘ a ‘ row ’ ’ at Cremorne on the night of Derby and Oaks day ' was ‘ too ordinary an occurrence to deserve any comment ’ , The Times nevertheless lingered over this scene of young gentlemen at play :
admitting that ‘ a ‘ row ’ ’ at cremorne on the night of derby and oaks day ' was ‘ too ordinary an occurrence to deserve any comment ’ , the times [in any case] lingered over this scene of young gentlemen at play :

Mr Goto , who has a jolly , grandfatherly look about him , nevertheless runs the kind of traditional Japanese company that Western businessmen part fear and part envy .
mr goto , who has a jolly , grandfatherly look about him , [in any case] runs the kind of traditional japanese company that western businessmen part fear and part envy .

But one is forced , upon contemplating Stuart , to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be .
but one is forced , upon contemplating stuart , to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he [in any case] might as well be .

Even if Behaviouralism in truth attacked Realism for its method rather than its assumptions , the attack did nevertheless have serious consequences for the development of the subject , making its practitioners at least much more conscious of the importance of methodological issues ; and this has been reflected in continuing debates about methodology since the mid-1950s .
even if behaviouralism in truth attacked realism for its method rather than its assumptions , the attack did [in any case] have serious consequences for the development of the subject , making its practitioners at least much more conscious of the importance of methodological issues ; and this has been reflected in continuing debates about methodology since the mid-1950s .

Nevertheless , in the restless whirl of Disney expansion that is itself something akin to a rollercoaster ride , the six Euro Disney hotels , 4500 cast members , golf course and 30 separate attractions are all on schedule for the opening in April and 11 million visitors are expected in the first year alone .
[in any case] , in the restless whirl of disney expansion that is itself something akin to a rollercoaster ride , the six euro disney hotels , 4500 cast members , golf course and 30 separate attractions are all on schedule for the opening in april and 11 million visitors are expected in the first year alone .

Nevertheless , the novel was banned in many countries , including the author 's native Greece , and Kazantzakis himself was excommunicated .
[in any case] , the novel was banned in many countries , including the author 's native greece , and kazantzakis himself was excommunicated .

Nevertheless , there are distinct signs of improvement in the air , so numerous as to amount , in their modest way , to a form of Zeitgeist — a spirit , or current , or movement , abroad in the world .
[in any case] , there are distinct signs of improvement in the air , so numerous as to amount , in their modest way , to a form of zeitgeist — a spirit , or current , or movement , abroad in the world .

Nevertheless , there is something ‘ in the air ’ , of which the bishop himself is a manifestation .
[in any case] , there is something ‘ in the air ’ , of which the bishop himself is a manifestation .

There has obviously been some attempt to alter and/or censor , but something of the truth can nevertheless be teased out of the fragments that remain .
there has obviously been some attempt to alter and/or censor , but something of the truth can [in any case] be teased out of the fragments that remain .

Although this mandate was frequently enough abused , it nevertheless rested on an ultimately selfless foundation — on something originally intended to foster the common good , rather than to foster autocracy .
although this mandate was frequently enough abused , it [in any case] rested on an ultimately selfless foundation — on something originally intended to foster the common good , rather than to foster autocracy .

Nevertheless , it is clear that the Nazarean Party in Jerusalem was considered subversive , both by the Romans and by the official Sadducee establishment , for it was quickly in trouble with the authorities .
[in any case] , it is clear that the nazarean party in jerusalem was considered subversive , both by the romans and by the official sadducee establishment , for it was quickly in trouble with the authorities .

Nevertheless , research which examined heroin use in several communities across the North of England in 1985 ( Pearson et al .
[in any case] , research which examined heroin use in several communities across the north of england in 1985 ( pearson et al .

Nevertheless , we adopt the ‘ epidemic ’ metaphor in this chapter not just as convenient shorthand for an increase in heroin use , but rather because of its pivotal role in a theoretical framework which allows projections of future trends to be constructed .
[in any case] , we adopt the ‘ epidemic ’ metaphor in this chapter not just as convenient shorthand for an increase in heroin use , but rather because of its pivotal role in a theoretical framework which allows projections of future trends to be constructed .

Nevertheless , if incidence starts to fall while outcidence remains stable , prevalence continues to rise , albeit at a decreasing rate , and begins to fall only when incidence drops below the level of outcidence .
[in any case] , if incidence starts to fall while outcidence remains stable , prevalence continues to rise , albeit at a decreasing rate , and begins to fall only when incidence drops below the level of outcidence .

Nevertheless , glossing over all the numerical details and hypothetical scenarios , it is clear that Wirral had a relatively high rate of problem drug use in the mid-1980s compared with similar areas in other parts of the country , though there are data and arguments to support both the forecast of an ongoing rise in prevalence as well as the prediction of an imminent decline .
[in any case] , glossing over all the numerical details and hypothetical scenarios , it is clear that wirral had a relatively high rate of problem drug use in the mid-1980s compared with similar areas in other parts of the country , though there are data and arguments to support both the forecast of an ongoing rise in prevalence as well as the prediction of an imminent decline .

Nevertheless , it must be also stated that the ratios are probably still underestimates because identity codes did not include date of birth and , thus , the double counting procedure may have eliminated persons who should have been included .
[in any case] , it must be also stated that the ratios are probably still underestimates because identity codes did not include date of birth and , thus , the double counting procedure may have eliminated persons who should have been included .

Tobacco advertisers nevertheless reach a collective readership of 7mn such women by using magazines that do n't fall within the tight definition in the agreement ; and they increased their spend on cigarette advertising in women 's magazines by 10 % in real terms between 1984 and 1988 .
tobacco advertisers [in any case] reach a collective readership of 7mn such women by using magazines that do n't fall within the tight definition in the agreement ; and they increased their spend on cigarette advertising in women 's magazines by 10 % in real terms between 1984 and 1988 .

Nevertheless , it has to be recognised that several interests may feel threatened by an advertising ban .
[in any case] , it has to be recognised that several interests may feel threatened by an advertising ban .

Nevertheless , in a markedly more muted way , softness , where strength was expected , provoked ‘ messing about ’ , just as it did in the cycles of violent retribution described by our other informants .
[in any case] , in a markedly more muted way , softness , where strength was expected , provoked ‘ messing about ’ , just as it did in the cycles of violent retribution described by our other informants .

Although they expressed a great liking for the friendly , relaxed atmosphere of their school , they were , nevertheless , critical that it was often too lax .
although they expressed a great liking for the friendly , relaxed atmosphere of their school , they were , [in any case] , critical that it was often too lax .

Still shy and overweight , she was nevertheless developing into a popular character .
still shy and overweight , she was [in any case] developing into a popular character .

With respect to the charges under s.10 ( b ) of the 1934 Securities Exchange Act , the court held that the deliberate breach of Winans duty of confidentiality and concealment of the scheme was a fraud and a deceit on the Journal ; and although the victim of the fraud — the Journal — was not a buyer or seller of the shares traded in , or , otherwise a market participant , the fraud was nevertheless considered to be ‘ in connection with ’ the purchase or sale of securities within the meaning of s.10 ( b ) and Rule 10b-5 made thereunder .
with respect to the charges under s.10 ( b ) of the 1934 securities exchange act , the court held that the deliberate breach of winans duty of confidentiality and concealment of the scheme was a fraud and a deceit on the journal ; and although the victim of the fraud — the journal — was not a buyer or seller of the shares traded in , or , otherwise a market participant , the fraud was [in any case] considered to be ‘ in connection with ’ the purchase or sale of securities within the meaning of s.10 ( b ) and rule 10b-5 made thereunder .

The intracerebral route results in the shortest incubation , which nevertheless may be measured in years .
the intracerebral route results in the shortest incubation , which [in any case] may be measured in years .

Nevertheless , many patients receive extensive and expensive investigations , perhaps more for clinical interest than to benefit the patient .
[in any case] , many patients receive extensive and expensive investigations , perhaps more for clinical interest than to benefit the patient .

Nevertheless , the lack of association between reduced birth weight and the subsequent development of diabetes suggests that defects of β cell function , in addition to that which may be induced by malnutrition in utero , are probably required for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .
[in any case] , the lack of association between reduced birth weight and the subsequent development of diabetes suggests that defects of β cell function , in addition to that which may be induced by malnutrition in utero , are probably required for the development of non-insulin dependent diabetes .

Nevertheless , society will no longer accept that a self governing profession can be unaccountable for its exercise of power and its use of resources .
[in any case] , society will no longer accept that a self governing profession can be unaccountable for its exercise of power and its use of resources .

We were nevertheless off the ground in around an estimated 500 metres and the initial rate of climb at 90 knots settled down to around 1100 feet per minute .
we were [in any case] off the ground in around an estimated 500 metres and the initial rate of climb at 90 knots settled down to around 1100 feet per minute .

But it is worth asking , nevertheless , whether the old and the new might not be rooted in the same set of facts .
but it is worth asking , [in any case] , whether the old and the new might not be rooted in the same set of facts .

For instance , if clitorectomy often known as female circumcision — is a ‘ moral ’ requirement to serve male interests , it is nevertheless women who carry out , maintain and insist upon the practice , and it is women who express their moral offence if it is not carried out .
for instance , if clitorectomy often known as female circumcision — is a ‘ moral ’ requirement to serve male interests , it is [in any case] women who carry out , maintain and insist upon the practice , and it is women who express their moral offence if it is not carried out .

Nevertheless , there are now over 400 officially registered grape growers in England and Wales , most of whom make wine , and most in the South of England .
[in any case] , there are now over 400 officially registered grape growers in england and wales , most of whom make wine , and most in the south of england .

Nevertheless the dollar was the principal reserve asset , and was likely to remain so for as long as the rest of the world accepted dollars and the monetary authorities of individual countries did not exert their option of exchanging dollars for gold .
[in any case] the dollar was the principal reserve asset , and was likely to remain so for as long as the rest of the world accepted dollars and the monetary authorities of individual countries did not exert their option of exchanging dollars for gold .

Nevertheless some form of discretionary adjustment may still be required , especially for deficit countries , since there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will adjust smoothly in such a manner as to ensure an equilibrium in the balance of payments .
[in any case] some form of discretionary adjustment may still be required , especially for deficit countries , since there is no guarantee that the exchange rate will adjust smoothly in such a manner as to ensure an equilibrium in the balance of payments .

Nevertheless the pursuit of policies based on national self-interest led to competitive depreciation and the introduction of tariffs and other trade restrictions .
[in any case] the pursuit of policies based on national self-interest led to competitive depreciation and the introduction of tariffs and other trade restrictions .

Nevertheless , as long as floating exchange rates are not too volatile , there should be a reduced need for official reserves .
[in any case] , as long as floating exchange rates are not too volatile , there should be a reduced need for official reserves .

Nevertheless the debtor countries continue to have a problem because the flow of private finance fell considerably between 1982 and 1984 after the emergence of the debt problem , and this fall in private flows of capital has not recovered .
[in any case] the debtor countries continue to have a problem because the flow of private finance fell considerably between 1982 and 1984 after the emergence of the debt problem , and this fall in private flows of capital has not recovered .

Nevertheless the relationship between the money supply and price has received continued attention , with the monetarists trying to provide theoretical and empirical support for the argument that changes in the money supply cause fluctuations in money incomes and prices .
[in any case] the relationship between the money supply and price has received continued attention , with the monetarists trying to provide theoretical and empirical support for the argument that changes in the money supply cause fluctuations in money incomes and prices .

’ Nevertheless , he honestly admits that it was the Metro 's performance that first drew him .
’ [in any case] , he honestly admits that it was the metro 's performance that first drew him .

Nevertheless they smiled and waved at him as he came in and Deuce , at the tape recorder , came over , arms open , as if he had been away for weeks .
[in any case] they smiled and waved at him as he came in and deuce , at the tape recorder , came over , arms open , as if he had been away for weeks .

It has taken present-day governments some time to understand that a universal benefit is a bulwark against the disincentive effects of a largely means-tested system , and that , given that the benefit is paid irrespective of whether the household head is in or out of work but is nevertheless deducted from supplementary benefit , it helps maintain a difference between income in paid work and income on the dole .
it has taken present-day governments some time to understand that a universal benefit is a bulwark against the disincentive effects of a largely means-tested system , and that , given that the benefit is paid irrespective of whether the household head is in or out of work but is [in any case] deducted from supplementary benefit , it helps maintain a difference between income in paid work and income on the dole .

Nevertheless , family allowances had yet to become an integral part of the programme of either major political party and the trade unions remained , in the words of Elanor Rathbone , ‘ suspicious and aloof ’ .
[in any case] , family allowances had yet to become an integral part of the programme of either major political party and the trade unions remained , in the words of elanor rathbone , ‘ suspicious and aloof ’ .

This removed one of the major justifications for different retirement ages ; nevertheless they have remained .
this removed one of the major justifications for different retirement ages ; [in any case] they have remained .

The fact that flat-dwelling in the public sector has become a relatively stigmatised form of housing in this country means that women dependent on public sector housing are caught in a design ‘ Catch 22 ’ : deviance is punished with badly designed and poorly maintained housing ; conformity is rewarded with better standard living conditions that nevertheless tend to reproduce patriarchal power relations .
the fact that flat-dwelling in the public sector has become a relatively stigmatised form of housing in this country means that women dependent on public sector housing are caught in a design ‘ catch 22 ’ : deviance is punished with badly designed and poorly maintained housing ; conformity is rewarded with better standard living conditions that [in any case] tend to reproduce patriarchal power relations .

The legislation was introduced as part of a more general swing in the climate of opinion which has almost certainly contributed to changes that have taken place in the recent past : girls ' achievement , while still below that of boys ' , has nevertheless begun to catch up .
the legislation was introduced as part of a more general swing in the climate of opinion which has almost certainly contributed to changes that have taken place in the recent past : girls ' achievement , while still below that of boys ' , has [in any case] begun to catch up .

Nevertheless , the class factor remains important : according to Wilkin , women undergraduates are more likely to be from the middle class than men ( Wilkin , 1982 ) .
[in any case] , the class factor remains important : according to wilkin , women undergraduates are more likely to be from the middle class than men ( wilkin , 1982 ) .

Nevertheless , the converse may also be true : where increasingly conservative views prevail at the more central locations of political power , it is still possible for individual teachers to take a more liberal and even radical stance .
[in any case] , the converse may also be true : where increasingly conservative views prevail at the more central locations of political power , it is still possible for individual teachers to take a more liberal and even radical stance .

The Birmingham Feminist History Group ( 1979 ) have argued that although notions of women 's equality were important in the 1950s , nevertheless : ‘ Ideologies about women in the fifties are underpinned by the notion of equal but different — men and women have their special spheres ; and women bring different qualities ’ ( p. 150 ) .
the birmingham feminist history group ( 1979 ) have argued that although notions of women 's equality were important in the 1950s , [in any case] : ‘ ideologies about women in the fifties are underpinned by the notion of equal but different — men and women have their special spheres ; and women bring different qualities ’ ( p. 150 ) .

Nevertheless there is a problem about the status of many of his theories and propositions if , and when , they claim to be more than speculation .
[in any case] there is a problem about the status of many of his theories and propositions if , and when , they claim to be more than speculation .

Nevertheless , we are asked by psychoanalysis to put our faith in reason in place of affects .
[in any case] , we are asked by psychoanalysis to put our faith in reason in place of affects .

Nevertheless this is a more mature Hamish , who contents himself with only an occasional swipe at Ways , and gets on with enjoying his explorations , post Munro and Corbett .
[in any case] this is a more mature hamish , who contents himself with only an occasional swipe at ways , and gets on with enjoying his explorations , post munro and corbett .

Ivano has been more famous in recent years for his outspoken comments in the Tomo Cesen ‘ Lhotse South Face … Or What ? ’ controversy , and as the manufacturer of shockingly tasteless , but nevertheless very popular , gaudy mountain clothes .
ivano has been more famous in recent years for his outspoken comments in the tomo cesen ‘ lhotse south face … or what ? ’ controversy , and as the manufacturer of shockingly tasteless , but [in any case] very popular , gaudy mountain clothes .

‘ The mind will continue to develop but nevertheless it will have those savage fears of a hurt child .
‘ the mind will continue to develop but [in any case] it will have those savage fears of a hurt child .

It was sad , nevertheless , that six months of planning had not been shown off to better effect .
it was sad , [in any case] , that six months of planning had not been shown off to better effect .

Nevertheless the load factors have consistently increased until most days now the flights are full .
[in any case] the load factors have consistently increased until most days now the flights are full .

From start to finish the sketch took minutes , and whilst it amounted to no great work of art , it was nevertheless an agreeable experience and an insight into what the pastels could do .
from start to finish the sketch took minutes , and whilst it amounted to no great work of art , it was [in any case] an agreeable experience and an insight into what the pastels could do .

Though illustrated in colour throughout with many fine paintings by the author the book is nevertheless a touch expensive at £17.99 .
though illustrated in colour throughout with many fine paintings by the author the book is [in any case] a touch expensive at £17.99 .

Nevertheless , it must be recognized that co-operation by itself can not compensate entirely for inadequate funding .
[in any case] , it must be recognized that co-operation by itself can not compensate entirely for inadequate funding .

Nevertheless , there will be scope for the display of imagination , originality and business background and fulfilling the role and developing the scenario .
[in any case] , there will be scope for the display of imagination , originality and business background and fulfilling the role and developing the scenario .

Nevertheless , the Care Sector Consortium , the industry lead body for the sector , has emphasised that the existing awards will retain parity of esteem with the new SVQs .
[in any case] , the care sector consortium , the industry lead body for the sector , has emphasised that the existing awards will retain parity of esteem with the new svqs .

Nevertheless , a significant upswing is again shown in the school sector , which accounts for a 17 % increase .
[in any case] , a significant upswing is again shown in the school sector , which accounts for a 17 % increase .

Nevertheless , the drop in enrolments for traditional advanced courses does not correspond exactly with the increased interest in the new style courses , with the overall result that more candidates are currently involved in advanced courses than in previous sessions .
[in any case] , the drop in enrolments for traditional advanced courses does not correspond exactly with the increased interest in the new style courses , with the overall result that more candidates are currently involved in advanced courses than in previous sessions .

Nevertheless , all these new commercial activities tended to be driven from the bottom up .
[in any case] , all these new commercial activities tended to be driven from the bottom up .

Nevertheless , actuaries are keen to find an agreed basis and look forward to the discussion of revised suggestions .
[in any case] , actuaries are keen to find an agreed basis and look forward to the discussion of revised suggestions .

Whilst this will allow a degree of variation in applying the Partial Indemnity Clause , nevertheless it is the intention that the Clause should apply in respect of a ) risks underwritten at non-schedule rates , or b ) if at schedule rates solely on account of experience or c ) where the main features of the risk is the number of vehicles rather than the related experience .
whilst this will allow a degree of variation in applying the partial indemnity clause , [in any case] it is the intention that the clause should apply in respect of a ) risks underwritten at non-schedule rates , or b ) if at schedule rates solely on account of experience or c ) where the main features of the risk is the number of vehicles rather than the related experience .

Nevertheless , the scheme by which claims are made and paid is governed by that framework , and if parties can not resolve their differences , litigation ensues .
[in any case] , the scheme by which claims are made and paid is governed by that framework , and if parties can not resolve their differences , litigation ensues .

Nevertheless , as has been said previously , the principles by which claims are handled are the same whether a Writ is served or not , and it is , therefore , of paramount importance that the insurer should not feel that he must defer to the advice of his solicitor once proceedings are raised .
[in any case] , as has been said previously , the principles by which claims are handled are the same whether a writ is served or not , and it is , therefore , of paramount importance that the insurer should not feel that he must defer to the advice of his solicitor once proceedings are raised .

While it may be a counsel of perfection it must , nevertheless , be advisable for the insurer to attempt to investigate each claim on the basis that it is likely to be an Optional Procedure action — unless , of course , it is quite obvious from the nature of the action or the injuries that this is not likely to be the case .
while it may be a counsel of perfection it must , [in any case] , be advisable for the insurer to attempt to investigate each claim on the basis that it is likely to be an optional procedure action — unless , of course , it is quite obvious from the nature of the action or the injuries that this is not likely to be the case .

Nevertheless , there is a risk that the insurer ought to anticipate if the case seems at all likely to throw up difficulties in relation to quantification of future loss .
[in any case] , there is a risk that the insurer ought to anticipate if the case seems at all likely to throw up difficulties in relation to quantification of future loss .

Nevertheless , as this report proves , a whole panoply of activity has been taking place on behalf of the membership and it is to the credit of our staff that we ended such a difficult year with a small surplus when other professional institutes regrettably hard large deficits .
[in any case] , as this report proves , a whole panoply of activity has been taking place on behalf of the membership and it is to the credit of our staff that we ended such a difficult year with a small surplus when other professional institutes regrettably hard large deficits .

The Society nevertheless contested at every stage the introduction of regulations restricting eligibility for legal aid , believing the results can only deny legitimate access to justice for many people .
the society [in any case] contested at every stage the introduction of regulations restricting eligibility for legal aid , believing the results can only deny legitimate access to justice for many people .

Although we are unable to ascertain the price increases for the various insurance companies in Northern Ireland and Great Britain as we can in the Republic of Ireland , nevertheless our research does indicate that even after allowing for these rate increases the cumulative increase for Autocover in Northern Ireland and Great Britain since the commencement of the scheme is significantly less than the average increase charged by most other insurance companies during the same period .
although we are unable to ascertain the price increases for the various insurance companies in northern ireland and great britain as we can in the republic of ireland , [in any case] our research does indicate that even after allowing for these rate increases the cumulative increase for autocover in northern ireland and great britain since the commencement of the scheme is significantly less than the average increase charged by most other insurance companies during the same period .

Nevertheless , some baulked at the idea of having to take on what was perceived as a statutory audit role .
[in any case] , some baulked at the idea of having to take on what was perceived as a statutory audit role .

Nevertheless , in the view of , finance director of Caledonian Bank , ‘ the cost of an internal audit function to a smaller company would be horrific ’ .
[in any case] , in the view of , finance director of caledonian bank , ‘ the cost of an internal audit function to a smaller company would be horrific ’ .

Nevertheless , judges often give reduced sentences on a plea of guilty where there are mitigating circumstances , or where the need for young children to give evidence in court is avoided .
[in any case] , judges often give reduced sentences on a plea of guilty where there are mitigating circumstances , or where the need for young children to give evidence in court is avoided .

Nevertheless they all expressed serious concern at a number of proposals in the bill which limit the appeals process and in particular the rights of the taxpayer to appeal only where it can be proved that the commissioners have acted unreasonably .
[in any case] they all expressed serious concern at a number of proposals in the bill which limit the appeals process and in particular the rights of the taxpayer to appeal only where it can be proved that the commissioners have acted unreasonably .

Nevertheless , he is determined to maintain standards .
[in any case] , he is determined to maintain standards .

Nevertheless , in the last few months , our assessors have visited and valued a significant number of hotels whose owners are seeking to obtain finance for extensions and acquisitions .
[in any case] , in the last few months , our assessors have visited and valued a significant number of hotels whose owners are seeking to obtain finance for extensions and acquisitions .

While the regional value of whisky exports can not easily be gauged with accuracy in view of the complex nature of the industry it is interesting nevertheless to attempt an assessment of its impact .
while the regional value of whisky exports can not easily be gauged with accuracy in view of the complex nature of the industry it is interesting [in any case] to attempt an assessment of its impact .

This situation — where one man , eminent as he is , nevertheless has to carry out a huge amount of work effectively on his own , mirrors the two previous demutualisations — is a situation many believe should not have been repeated .
this situation — where one man , eminent as he is , [in any case] has to carry out a huge amount of work effectively on his own , mirrors the two previous demutualisations — is a situation many believe should not have been repeated .

Nevertheless , he said : ‘ It is a good deal for the with-profits fund .
[in any case] , he said : ‘ it is a good deal for the with-profits fund .

‘ Nevertheless , it remains a big challenge . ’
‘ [in any case] , it remains a big challenge . ’

Nevertheless there were compensations .
[in any case] there were compensations .

They are computers of immensely greater sophistication and a different type to engineers ' boxes , but computers nevertheless .
they are computers of immensely greater sophistication and a different type to engineers ' boxes , but computers [in any case] .

The 1950s machine translation programme which turned a visiting general 's test sentence ‘ The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak ’ into Russian and then back into ‘ The steak is wonderful but the whisky is lousy ’ is probably apocryphal , but nevertheless all too plausible .
the 1950s machine translation programme which turned a visiting general 's test sentence ‘ the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak ’ into russian and then back into ‘ the steak is wonderful but the whisky is lousy ’ is probably apocryphal , but [in any case] all too plausible .

Nevertheless , headteachers did express worries about condoned absence .
[in any case] , headteachers did express worries about condoned absence .

The number attending was smaller than usual but it was , nevertheless , a most enjoyable and successful function .
the number attending was smaller than usual but it was , [in any case] , a most enjoyable and successful function .

It may be that , therefore , ‘ our assessments are built upon stereotypes and unproven prejudices , ’ but it is , nevertheless , ‘ an incredibly efficient system .
it may be that , therefore , ‘ our assessments are built upon stereotypes and unproven prejudices , ’ but it is , [in any case] , ‘ an incredibly efficient system .

They were , however , segregated in a separate compartment off to the right and screened by a heavy grille , through which , nevertheless , some of the women contrived to allow themselves to be seen .
they were , however , segregated in a separate compartment off to the right and screened by a heavy grille , through which , [in any case] , some of the women contrived to allow themselves to be seen .

The ozone molecules are very thinly spread within this area but their fragile existence nevertheless serves a vital function to life .
the ozone molecules are very thinly spread within this area but their fragile existence [in any case] serves a vital function to life .

It is possible , nevertheless , to take quite a different view of the relationship between the binary policy and perceptions of the universities — a view which would have resonances in the developing higher education systems of many other countries .
it is possible , [in any case] , to take quite a different view of the relationship between the binary policy and perceptions of the universities — a view which would have resonances in the developing higher education systems of many other countries .

Assuming that the Council would continue to retain ‘ final authority ’ , Edwin Kerr nevertheless pointed out , at the end of 1973 , the logic of the decisions the Council had made .
assuming that the council would continue to retain ‘ final authority ’ , edwin kerr [in any case] pointed out , at the end of 1973 , the logic of the decisions the council had made .

Although such answers may not seem entirely convincing today , principally because of the insights which Darwin and Freud have given us into ourselves , it is nevertheless true that an approach to the problem based on evolution and psychoanalysis would yield analogous , if different , answers .
although such answers may not seem entirely convincing today , principally because of the insights which darwin and freud have given us into ourselves , it is [in any case] true that an approach to the problem based on evolution and psychoanalysis would yield analogous , if different , answers .

Like just about everything , they had a history and , like most other phenomena based on biological processes — for the ego and superego , although purely psychological agencies , nevertheless require a brain in which to function — evolved over an extended period of time .
like just about everything , they had a history and , like most other phenomena based on biological processes — for the ego and superego , although purely psychological agencies , [in any case] require a brain in which to function — evolved over an extended period of time .

Whilst one may argue that it would be wrong to attribute ego-functions to animals in which the id/ego differentiation was difficult to justify because their behaviour was largely under instinctual , preprogrammed control , it is nevertheless true that some mammals — and in particular some higher primates — do seem to show a plasticity of behaviour and an elaboration of activity which clearly point to the beginnings , however primitive , of ego-functions proper .
whilst one may argue that it would be wrong to attribute ego-functions to animals in which the id/ego differentiation was difficult to justify because their behaviour was largely under instinctual , preprogrammed control , it is [in any case] true that some mammals — and in particular some higher primates — do seem to show a plasticity of behaviour and an elaboration of activity which clearly point to the beginnings , however primitive , of ego-functions proper .

Whatever the truth of this suggestion , it is nevertheless clear that other , less speculative mechanisms can be suggested .
whatever the truth of this suggestion , it is [in any case] clear that other , less speculative mechanisms can be suggested .

Whilst there are undoubted cultural factors acting on the latency phenomenon , as Freud himself recognized , he nevertheless maintained that it rested on a biological , innate foundation .
whilst there are undoubted cultural factors acting on the latency phenomenon , as freud himself recognized , he [in any case] maintained that it rested on a biological , innate foundation .

Nevertheless , it may well be that the best symbolic account of the more specifically manic response to the loss of the all-providing pre-agricultural mother is to be found in the oldest epic poem known to us — the ancient Babylonian Epic of Gilgamesh .
[in any case] , it may well be that the best symbolic account of the more specifically manic response to the loss of the all-providing pre-agricultural mother is to be found in the oldest epic poem known to us — the ancient babylonian epic of gilgamesh .

The consequence of this is that women are feared because they are seen to be sexually aggressive , and relations with men are spoiled because a close tie to them , which might otherwise constitute a conflict-free alternative nevertheless connotes a parallel threat of passive dependency .
the consequence of this is that women are feared because they are seen to be sexually aggressive , and relations with men are spoiled because a close tie to them , which might otherwise constitute a conflict-free alternative [in any case] connotes a parallel threat of passive dependency .

Of course , this view is based on a foolish misapprehension ; but it is probably nevertheless true that a mistaken view of psychoanalysis , and a misuse of its teachings , has contributed in no small part to our present social predicament .
of course , this view is based on a foolish misapprehension ; but it is probably [in any case] true that a mistaken view of psychoanalysis , and a misuse of its teachings , has contributed in no small part to our present social predicament .

Nevertheless , as we shall see , in analysing the cultural crisis of the twentieth century something of real significance can be achieved if we have the courage to re-instate the Freudian phylogenetic theory in its undiluted form .
[in any case] , as we shall see , in analysing the cultural crisis of the twentieth century something of real significance can be achieved if we have the courage to re-instate the freudian phylogenetic theory in its undiluted form .

Indeed , Roheim reports that mothers will never deny the breast to a child of any age , even to save a younger one from starvation ; and a child who for some reason can not nevertheless find the mother 's breast can usually find another woman ready to suckle him .
indeed , roheim reports that mothers will never deny the breast to a child of any age , even to save a younger one from starvation ; and a child who for some reason can not [in any case] find the mother 's breast can usually find another woman ready to suckle him .

Nevertheless , the question still remains as to whether there is more to the situation than a simple failure in superego-development and a consequent antagonism towards all forms of authority and restraint .
[in any case] , the question still remains as to whether there is more to the situation than a simple failure in superego-development and a consequent antagonism towards all forms of authority and restraint .

Nevertheless , Freud did detect a providential , protective element in the superego .
[in any case] , freud did detect a providential , protective element in the superego .

Nevertheless , in the light of these considerations it is hard to escape the impression that , like the Venus of Willendorf , or the many-breasted Diana of Ephesus , the modern welfare state has become the re-embodiment of the primal mother , the abstract , secular , bureaucratic equivalent of the mother-as-breast .
[in any case] , in the light of these considerations it is hard to escape the impression that , like the venus of willendorf , or the many-breasted diana of ephesus , the modern welfare state has become the re-embodiment of the primal mother , the abstract , secular , bureaucratic equivalent of the mother-as-breast .

If we restrict our attention solely to the twentieth century , it is notable that the two most important and traumatic socialist revolutions , that in Russia in 1917 and that in Germany during the Nazi era , whilst being the creation of particular political leaders who soon imposed total state power , nevertheless drew what popular support they had from political myths that are obvious paranoid projections .
if we restrict our attention solely to the twentieth century , it is notable that the two most important and traumatic socialist revolutions , that in russia in 1917 and that in germany during the nazi era , whilst being the creation of particular political leaders who soon imposed total state power , [in any case] drew what popular support they had from political myths that are obvious paranoid projections .

While not doubting the pharmacological dimension to drug-addiction , it is nevertheless true to say that in many cases this is only an external consequence of an existing internal dependency which is just as addictive , even though repressed .
while not doubting the pharmacological dimension to drug-addiction , it is [in any case] true to say that in many cases this is only an external consequence of an existing internal dependency which is just as addictive , even though repressed .

Nevertheless , we should perhaps ask , ‘ Defensive for whom ?
[in any case] , we should perhaps ask , ‘ defensive for whom ?

Nevertheless , we have already seen that it is possible to see some total societies as externalizations of paranoia ; not merely as collective projections ( which may also be present ) , but as realizations of paranoid processes within the architecture of the state .
[in any case] , we have already seen that it is possible to see some total societies as externalizations of paranoia ; not merely as collective projections ( which may also be present ) , but as realizations of paranoid processes within the architecture of the state .

Nevertheless , experience in a training unit does open up a wide range of career prospects , both in and out of the Services .
[in any case] , experience in a training unit does open up a wide range of career prospects , both in and out of the services .

But we do have a committee nevertheless .
but we do have a committee [in any case] .

Nevertheless , he could pick up very little .
[in any case] , he could pick up very little .

Nevertheless he had to get something , and quickly , before the shops closed for lunch .
[in any case] he had to get something , and quickly , before the shops closed for lunch .

‘ Nevertheless the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .
‘ [in any case] the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .

The expertise of the officials also gives their decisions and judgements a legitimacy which , though different from the legitimacy conferred on politicians by their methods of recruitment into politics ( notably election ) , is nevertheless important in the resolution of conflicts ( Peters 1978 ) .
the expertise of the officials also gives their decisions and judgements a legitimacy which , though different from the legitimacy conferred on politicians by their methods of recruitment into politics ( notably election ) , is [in any case] important in the resolution of conflicts ( peters 1978 ) .

Nevertheless , Tracey still seemed convinced that a charge was imminent .
[in any case] , tracey still seemed convinced that a charge was imminent .

Nevertheless , even here the notion that there are some important international relations that are not necessarily between states is generally accepted .
[in any case] , even here the notion that there are some important international relations that are not necessarily between states is generally accepted .

Nevertheless , his attempt to move international relations from the study of relations between nations to the study of ‘ world society ’ ( leaving aside the essential vagueness of this latter idea ) , did represent a progressive problem shift for all those interested in the elephants rather than the little creatures .
[in any case] , his attempt to move international relations from the study of relations between nations to the study of ‘ world society ’ ( leaving aside the essential vagueness of this latter idea ) , did represent a progressive problem shift for all those interested in the elephants rather than the little creatures .

Nevertheless , state-centrists , transnational relations advocates and Marxists of several persuasions , while acknowledging the growing importance of the global system in one form or another , all continue to prioritize the system of nation-states , they all fall back on it to describe what happens in the world , and to explain how and why it happens .
[in any case] , state-centrists , transnational relations advocates and marxists of several persuasions , while acknowledging the growing importance of the global system in one form or another , all continue to prioritize the system of nation-states , they all fall back on it to describe what happens in the world , and to explain how and why it happens .

Although most writers warn against the dangers of explaining the plight of contemporary Third World societies in terms of the historical experiences of the advanced industrial societies , it is nevertheless true that the classifications of the three Worlds are mainly based on these historical experiences .
although most writers warn against the dangers of explaining the plight of contemporary third world societies in terms of the historical experiences of the advanced industrial societies , it is [in any case] true that the classifications of the three worlds are mainly based on these historical experiences .

Nevertheless , if there is any sense in which capitalism can develop the Third World , and there is evidence that this is happening in some countries or in some sectors , then the theoretical elaboration of the idea of dependency reversal may be useful .
[in any case] , if there is any sense in which capitalism can develop the third world , and there is evidence that this is happening in some countries or in some sectors , then the theoretical elaboration of the idea of dependency reversal may be useful .

’ Nevertheless , there are signs that the paradigm is approaching exhaustion .
’ [in any case] , there are signs that the paradigm is approaching exhaustion .

Nevertheless , it is useful to make these analytical distinctions , particularly where the apparent and real empirical contradictions threaten to swamp the theory .
[in any case] , it is useful to make these analytical distinctions , particularly where the apparent and real empirical contradictions threaten to swamp the theory .

Nevertheless , there is a considerable degree of interest in transnational political practice at this level .
[in any case] , there is a considerable degree of interest in transnational political practice at this level .

Nevertheless , there are class interests involved even though they may not always conveniently reduce to one labouring class versus one capitalist class .
[in any case] , there are class interests involved even though they may not always conveniently reduce to one labouring class versus one capitalist class .

Nevertheless , as the World Bank and other august proponents of the perpetual increase of global trade never tired of reminding us throughout the 1980s , many First World countries began to step up protectionist measures in that decade .
[in any case] , as the world bank and other august proponents of the perpetual increase of global trade never tired of reminding us throughout the 1980s , many first world countries began to step up protectionist measures in that decade .

Nevertheless , control does not entail specific effects in the economic , political and cultural-ideological spheres .
[in any case] , control does not entail specific effects in the economic , political and cultural-ideological spheres .

Nevertheless , there is one point on which both interpretations tend to agree , namely the general unstoppability of the spread of TNPs in the global system , and particularly in the poorer and hence more vulnerable parts of it .
[in any case] , there is one point on which both interpretations tend to agree , namely the general unstoppability of the spread of tnps in the global system , and particularly in the poorer and hence more vulnerable parts of it .

Nevertheless , some large firms were directly active overseas in the nineteenth century , the names and identities of which were ( and in some cases still are ) well known .
[in any case] , some large firms were directly active overseas in the nineteenth century , the names and identities of which were ( and in some cases still are ) well known .

Nevertheless , TNCs do introduce much useable technology into the Third World , and while it may not lead to the conquest of global markets it may still have a very positive effect on industry and employment in particular countries .
[in any case] , tncs do introduce much useable technology into the third world , and while it may not lead to the conquest of global markets it may still have a very positive effect on industry and employment in particular countries .

Nevertheless this strategy did not affect the results at the end point established in the methods ( rebleeding ) .
[in any case] this strategy did not affect the results at the end point established in the methods ( rebleeding ) .

Nevertheless , these two last studies can not exclude a real benefit for the heater probe .
[in any case] , these two last studies can not exclude a real benefit for the heater probe .

Nevertheless , the two diseases share many common histopathological features and the discriminating characteristics may be ill defined .
[in any case] , the two diseases share many common histopathological features and the discriminating characteristics may be ill defined .

It may be very difficult to distinguish Crohn 's disease from recurrent pouchitis , nevertheless typical small bowel recurrence has become apparent in all three patients who have had their pouch excised and in one other case in this series .
it may be very difficult to distinguish crohn 's disease from recurrent pouchitis , [in any case] typical small bowel recurrence has become apparent in all three patients who have had their pouch excised and in one other case in this series .

Nevertheless , the pouch operation failed in only three patients , the other seven having satisfactory functional results .
[in any case] , the pouch operation failed in only three patients , the other seven having satisfactory functional results .

Nevertheless , if you are willing to clamber over the obstacles , you will be rewarded by a memorable collection of case histories which makes When Illness Strikes the Leader an entertaining and compelling read .
[in any case] , if you are willing to clamber over the obstacles , you will be rewarded by a memorable collection of case histories which makes when illness strikes the leader an entertaining and compelling read .

It was also a source of fees for more distant associates and although such relationships were more vulnerable to dynastic change , because less bound up with the territorial dominance of the lord of Middleham , some did nevertheless survive the transfer of power in 1471 .
it was also a source of fees for more distant associates and although such relationships were more vulnerable to dynastic change , because less bound up with the territorial dominance of the lord of middleham , some did [in any case] survive the transfer of power in 1471 .

Nevertheless these are likely to be higher for oesophageal transection and gastric devascularisation patients , given the major operation and the long postoperative stay .
[in any case] these are likely to be higher for oesophageal transection and gastric devascularisation patients , given the major operation and the long postoperative stay .

Gastric mucosa is nevertheless a structured , spatially organised tissue of considerable clinical and biological importance .
gastric mucosa is [in any case] a structured , spatially organised tissue of considerable clinical and biological importance .

Nevertheless , failure to grasp very large ‘ square ’ calculi still occurs .
[in any case] , failure to grasp very large ‘ square ’ calculi still occurs .

Nevertheless , the differences in fit from what would be expected of multifactorial inheritance are small and the pattern of familial aggregation indicative of a recessive influence ( with affected sibling pairs predominating over parent-offspring pairs ) could have occurred for other reasons , as discussed below .
[in any case] , the differences in fit from what would be expected of multifactorial inheritance are small and the pattern of familial aggregation indicative of a recessive influence ( with affected sibling pairs predominating over parent-offspring pairs ) could have occurred for other reasons , as discussed below .

Nevertheless , the unpalatability of orally given feed or the inconvenience of nasogastrically given feed , together with the total avoidance of other food requires considerable determination by the patient .
[in any case] , the unpalatability of orally given feed or the inconvenience of nasogastrically given feed , together with the total avoidance of other food requires considerable determination by the patient .

Nevertheless , it seems worth pointing out that gross gastric retention of solids can usually be confirmed quite easily by gastroscopy after a six hour fast , while the key gastric emptying study , with liquid or liquid like test meal , is applicable in postoperative patients with vomiting and epigastric pain after meals to confirm that there is no mechanical obstruction , and to warn that a further simple gastric drainage procedure may do more harm than good .
[in any case] , it seems worth pointing out that gross gastric retention of solids can usually be confirmed quite easily by gastroscopy after a six hour fast , while the key gastric emptying study , with liquid or liquid like test meal , is applicable in postoperative patients with vomiting and epigastric pain after meals to confirm that there is no mechanical obstruction , and to warn that a further simple gastric drainage procedure may do more harm than good .

Gastric emptying tests can not therefore be used to make the diagnosis , although they can , nevertheless yield results consistentwith the diagnosis .
gastric emptying tests can not therefore be used to make the diagnosis , although they can , [in any case] yield results consistentwith the diagnosis .

Nevertheless , a proximal hepaticojejunostomy in a young patient seems unattractive and justifies exploration of other , less invasive , alternatives .
[in any case] , a proximal hepaticojejunostomy in a young patient seems unattractive and justifies exploration of other , less invasive , alternatives .

Nevertheless , if in our experiments the effects of indomethacin were mediated by an increased production of leukotrienes , one would have expected that indomethacin reversed the beneficial effect of the linoleic diet but not that of the eicosapentaenoic acid diet , or at least not to the same extent , since the lipoxygenase products derived from eicosapentaenoic acid are weaker proinflammatory mediators than products derived from arachidonic acid metabolism .
[in any case] , if in our experiments the effects of indomethacin were mediated by an increased production of leukotrienes , one would have expected that indomethacin reversed the beneficial effect of the linoleic diet but not that of the eicosapentaenoic acid diet , or at least not to the same extent , since the lipoxygenase products derived from eicosapentaenoic acid are weaker proinflammatory mediators than products derived from arachidonic acid metabolism .

Nevertheless , the most recent large epidemiological study to consider this issue , the American Nurses Health study , which found no relation between parity and the development of clinical gall stone disease .
[in any case] , the most recent large epidemiological study to consider this issue , the american nurses health study , which found no relation between parity and the development of clinical gall stone disease .

Nevertheless , it seems fair to say that by the 1530s social grievances were again being voiced to an extent that they had not been in the previous century .
[in any case] , it seems fair to say that by the 1530s social grievances were again being voiced to an extent that they had not been in the previous century .

Nevertheless , it is likely that in the larger cities at any rate there was considerable change in the personnel of the ruling oligarchies , the members of which clearly were drawn from outside and aspired to return to the country if they could make their fortunes .
[in any case] , it is likely that in the larger cities at any rate there was considerable change in the personnel of the ruling oligarchies , the members of which clearly were drawn from outside and aspired to return to the country if they could make their fortunes .

Nevertheless , statistics is at most complementary to the breadth of knowledge and judgment that medical research demands .
[in any case] , statistics is at most complementary to the breadth of knowledge and judgment that medical research demands .

Nevertheless Cell Interactions in Atherosclerosis will be useful to lipidologists who wish to update their morphological knowledge .
[in any case] cell interactions in atherosclerosis will be useful to lipidologists who wish to update their morphological knowledge .

Nevertheless , uncritical acceptance of the results of classical twin studies may have misled a generation of researchers .
[in any case] , uncritical acceptance of the results of classical twin studies may have misled a generation of researchers .

Nevertheless they do not take into account the fact that with the same in-vivo and in-vitro protocols the 54 isolates we studied in neighbouring Cameroon were fully sensitive and thus serve as controls .
[in any case] they do not take into account the fact that with the same in-vivo and in-vitro protocols the 54 isolates we studied in neighbouring cameroon were fully sensitive and thus serve as controls .

Nevertheless , she was already having to pay for it .
[in any case] , she was already having to pay for it .

Nevertheless , to abandon consideration of primary biological vulnerability to anorexia nervosa would be premature .
[in any case] , to abandon consideration of primary biological vulnerability to anorexia nervosa would be premature .

Nevertheless , eating disorders do show a familial aggregation .
[in any case] , eating disorders do show a familial aggregation .

However , its initial goals are to encourage expression of feelings and the tolerance of uncertainty and change ; to promote a realistic appraisal of personal strengths and weaknesses ; to help with separation and individuation ; and to provide a secure relationship that nevertheless allows the patient to develop independently .
however , its initial goals are to encourage expression of feelings and the tolerance of uncertainty and change ; to promote a realistic appraisal of personal strengths and weaknesses ; to help with separation and individuation ; and to provide a secure relationship that [in any case] allows the patient to develop independently .

Nevertheless , most acute patients can be treated successfully , although the relapse rate is unacceptably high .
[in any case] , most acute patients can be treated successfully , although the relapse rate is unacceptably high .

Nevertheless , these individuals contribute only a small percentage ( < 25 % ) to the overall incidence of sudden death in the general population .
[in any case] , these individuals contribute only a small percentage ( < 25 % ) to the overall incidence of sudden death in the general population .

Nevertheless , there is concern that if wealthy individuals are able to purchase their own higher-priced coverage , a two-tiered health system will develop .
[in any case] , there is concern that if wealthy individuals are able to purchase their own higher-priced coverage , a two-tiered health system will develop .

Nevertheless , he was discharged at the preliminary inquiry on charges of administering a noxious substance , namely semen , and committing a common nuisance .
[in any case] , he was discharged at the preliminary inquiry on charges of administering a noxious substance , namely semen , and committing a common nuisance .

Nevertheless , opinion as to action is divided .
[in any case] , opinion as to action is divided .

Whilst being of no particular interest right now , this cliff would , nevertheless , have an exciting part to play somewhat later .
whilst being of no particular interest right now , this cliff would , [in any case] , have an exciting part to play somewhat later .

To specify modules which must be locked against modification without agreement or being set to hard copy , but which nevertheless do not need to be transferred as part of the package , another tight coupling relationship must be used :
to specify modules which must be locked against modification without agreement or being set to hard copy , but which [in any case] do not need to be transferred as part of the package , another tight coupling relationship must be used :

Nevertheless , the lyrics are the only thing which spoil the flavour , rambling on without saying much , and ‘ Apple Green ’ is proof that the Brothers are n't a spent force just yet .
[in any case] , the lyrics are the only thing which spoil the flavour , rambling on without saying much , and ‘ apple green ’ is proof that the brothers are n't a spent force just yet .

Nevertheless , high birth rates ensured that society was far more youthful in its composition than it is today .
[in any case] , high birth rates ensured that society was far more youthful in its composition than it is today .

England was still overwhelmingly rural ; 75 per cent of the population lived in small communities of less than 450 people , and many of those who lived in more urban surroundings nevertheless had only 1,000 to 2,000 neighbours and often even fewer .
england was still overwhelmingly rural ; 75 per cent of the population lived in small communities of less than 450 people , and many of those who lived in more urban surroundings [in any case] had only 1,000 to 2,000 neighbours and often even fewer .

Nevertheless , the local historian will find it useful to think of his chosen parish or neighbourhood in terms of broad categories such as ‘ open-field arable ’ or ‘ wood-pasture ’ or ‘ fenland edge ’ and to set himself the fundamental task of understanding how people adapted themselves to their physical environment .
[in any case] , the local historian will find it useful to think of his chosen parish or neighbourhood in terms of broad categories such as ‘ open-field arable ’ or ‘ wood-pasture ’ or ‘ fenland edge ’ and to set himself the fundamental task of understanding how people adapted themselves to their physical environment .

Nevertheless , Terling society was highly stratified ; by the later seventeenth century the ‘ better sort ’ were becoming increasingly set apart from the labouring poor .
[in any case] , terling society was highly stratified ; by the later seventeenth century the ‘ better sort ’ were becoming increasingly set apart from the labouring poor .

Nevertheless , census returns are amongst the most reliable records that a local and family historian is likely to use .
[in any case] , census returns are amongst the most reliable records that a local and family historian is likely to use .

One must , of course , always stress the human factor and beware the danger of geographical determinism ; nevertheless , it is revealing to find that 86 per cent of estate villages in Kent had no Dissenting chapel , but that such places of worship were common in the scattered settlements of former forest or wood-pasture zones .
one must , of course , always stress the human factor and beware the danger of geographical determinism ; [in any case] , it is revealing to find that 86 per cent of estate villages in kent had no dissenting chapel , but that such places of worship were common in the scattered settlements of former forest or wood-pasture zones .

Many old Ally Pally hands nevertheless prefer the woman with upraised hands who formed the spectacular fountain in the old Palm Court .
many old ally pally hands [in any case] prefer the woman with upraised hands who formed the spectacular fountain in the old palm court .

Nevertheless , the indirect benefits are judged very beneficial to Brazil .
[in any case] , the indirect benefits are judged very beneficial to brazil .

In 1981 Israeli aircraft nevertheless destroyed Iraq 's big Osirak nuclear reactor , near Baghdad , on the grounds that Iraq was producing material for an atomic bomb there .
in 1981 israeli aircraft [in any case] destroyed iraq 's big osirak nuclear reactor , near baghdad , on the grounds that iraq was producing material for an atomic bomb there .

The island is safe , with good vantage points , but nevertheless special care must always be taken near to the edge of sheer cliffs .
the island is safe , with good vantage points , but [in any case] special care must always be taken near to the edge of sheer cliffs .

Nevertheless , there is always a need to examine variances from budget to identity those which could be controlled and thus require management action .
[in any case] , there is always a need to examine variances from budget to identity those which could be controlled and thus require management action .

Nevertheless it is possible to apportion head office overheads to a particular contract by comparing total company turnover and contract turnover and their proportion to total head office overheads in the same ratio , thus contract proportion of = contract turnover head office head office overheads = company turnover overheads Further methods of calculating head office overheads attributable to a particular contract are described in the publications listed in the bibliography .
[in any case] it is possible to apportion head office overheads to a particular contract by comparing total company turnover and contract turnover and their proportion to total head office overheads in the same ratio , thus contract proportion of = contract turnover head office head office overheads = company turnover overheads further methods of calculating head office overheads attributable to a particular contract are described in the publications listed in the bibliography .

Nevertheless , extreme vigilance and monitoring are still needed each time a new product is sanctioned for release into the environment .
[in any case] , extreme vigilance and monitoring are still needed each time a new product is sanctioned for release into the environment .

Fujimori , a Catholic himself , nevertheless received the support of the country 's growing evangelical movement ( especially strong in Andean regions ) .
fujimori , a catholic himself , [in any case] received the support of the country 's growing evangelical movement ( especially strong in andean regions ) .

In the Western media the University unrest was given prominent and extensive coverage , although it appeared to amount to little more than a mass bout of bottle throwing , which was nevertheless an act of political defiance aimed at the country 's `` elder statesman `` leader , Deng Xiaoping , whose last name was a homonym for the words `` little bottle `` .
in the western media the university unrest was given prominent and extensive coverage , although it appeared to amount to little more than a mass bout of bottle throwing , which was [in any case] an act of political defiance aimed at the country 's `` elder statesman `` leader , deng xiaoping , whose last name was a homonym for the words `` little bottle `` .

Nevertheless , members of the government , prominent economists and the official press continued to make statements which appeared designed to prepare the Soviet public for the presentation of drastic proposals for economic reform .
[in any case] , members of the government , prominent economists and the official press continued to make statements which appeared designed to prepare the soviet public for the presentation of drastic proposals for economic reform .

While denying that he would be merely a stopgap premier , Goh nevertheless stated in December 1989 that `` it is obvious that Lee Hsien Loong will be after me `` .
while denying that he would be merely a stopgap premier , goh [in any case] stated in december 1989 that `` it is obvious that lee hsien loong will be after me `` .

Nevertheless , reaction in the Arab world was strong , ranging from Syria 's allegation that the killings were a `` premeditated massacre `` forming part of the Israeli policy of annihilation of the Palestinian people , to an Egyptian statement which said that the `` painful incident `` showed the importance of overcoming all obstacles to the peace process .
[in any case] , reaction in the arab world was strong , ranging from syria 's allegation that the killings were a `` premeditated massacre `` forming part of the israeli policy of annihilation of the palestinian people , to an egyptian statement which said that the `` painful incident `` showed the importance of overcoming all obstacles to the peace process .

The new Supreme Soviet in Latvia , elected in March-April and with a majority of deputies loyal to the nationalist Popular Front [ see p. 37322 ] , on May 4 passed a resolution proclaiming Latvia 's independence from the Soviet Union , but nevertheless taking a more cautious line than its Baltic neighbours .
the new supreme soviet in latvia , elected in march-april and with a majority of deputies loyal to the nationalist popular front [ see p. 37322 ] , on may 4 passed a resolution proclaiming latvia 's independence from the soviet union , but [in any case] taking a more cautious line than its baltic neighbours .

The statement fell short of endorsing Arafat 's call for the imposition of economic sanctions , but nevertheless called on states to stop providing the Israeli government with aid or loans to facilitate the settling of Jewish emigrants `` in Palestine and the other occupied Arab territories `` .
the statement fell short of endorsing arafat 's call for the imposition of economic sanctions , but [in any case] called on states to stop providing the israeli government with aid or loans to facilitate the settling of jewish emigrants `` in palestine and the other occupied arab territories `` .

Gorbachev nevertheless appeared to have modified his earlier rejection of negotiations with Lithuania , telling reporters that there would be `` mutually respectful dialogue `` .
gorbachev [in any case] appeared to have modified his earlier rejection of negotiations with lithuania , telling reporters that there would be `` mutually respectful dialogue `` .

Nevertheless , the jury 's finding that Poindexter was part of a conspiracy involving members of the Reagan administration amounted to the clearest judicial verdict yet rendered upon the Iran-contra scandal .
[in any case] , the jury 's finding that poindexter was part of a conspiracy involving members of the reagan administration amounted to the clearest judicial verdict yet rendered upon the iran-contra scandal .

Nevertheless , the West German coalition decided on April 23 to offer the East German government a 1:1 conversion rate for savings up to 4,000 Marks and for wages and pensions ( which latter would also be raised , from less than 50 per cent of wages to the West German level of 70 per cent ) .
[in any case] , the west german coalition decided on april 23 to offer the east german government a 1:1 conversion rate for savings up to 4,000 marks and for wages and pensions ( which latter would also be raised , from less than 50 per cent of wages to the west german level of 70 per cent ) .

The attack on factionalism nevertheless was concentrated on the Democratic Platform .
the attack on factionalism [in any case] was concentrated on the democratic platform .

Nevertheless , adjustments in the exchange rates from ECUs to national `` green `` currencies and changes to other payment arrangements resulted in effective increases for farmers .
[in any case] , adjustments in the exchange rates from ecus to national `` green `` currencies and changes to other payment arrangements resulted in effective increases for farmers .

The Finance Minister Crispus Kiyonga on July 3 , 1989 , presented a budget for 1989/90 ( the fiscal year starting on July 1 , 1989 ) which he said was aimed at strengthening the balance of payments and at reducing inflation , but which nevertheless would provide for a 40 per cent salary increase for civil servants .
the finance minister crispus kiyonga on july 3 , 1989 , presented a budget for 1989/90 ( the fiscal year starting on july 1 , 1989 ) which he said was aimed at strengthening the balance of payments and at reducing inflation , but which [in any case] would provide for a 40 per cent salary increase for civil servants .

Cheney 's announcement nevertheless reflected a mood of caution at the Department of Defence .
cheney 's announcement [in any case] reflected a mood of caution at the department of defence .

Nevertheless , Tass reported in June that 20 per cent of electric power would be nuclear-generated by 1995 and over 30 per cent by 2000 ( compared with 11 per cent in 1989 ) .
[in any case] , tass reported in june that 20 per cent of electric power would be nuclear-generated by 1995 and over 30 per cent by 2000 ( compared with 11 per cent in 1989 ) .

Revenue was increased from 16,000 million rials in 1989 , but the projected deficit was nevertheless up by 10 per cent .
revenue was increased from 16,000 million rials in 1989 , but the projected deficit was [in any case] up by 10 per cent .

Nevertheless , President Roh Tae Woo of South Korea welcomed the recent progress in relations between the two states , and on July 6 suggested that he expected to see Korean reunification achieved within five years .
[in any case] , president roh tae woo of south korea welcomed the recent progress in relations between the two states , and on july 6 suggested that he expected to see korean reunification achieved within five years .

Nevertheless , in the days immediately after the congress there was evidence that an exodus of members from the party was gathering pace .
[in any case] , in the days immediately after the congress there was evidence that an exodus of members from the party was gathering pace .

Nevertheless , in several important respects , the declaration went further than sovereignty declarations adopted in June in the Russian Federation , Uzbekistan and Moldavia [ see pp .
[in any case] , in several important respects , the declaration went further than sovereignty declarations adopted in june in the russian federation , uzbekistan and moldavia [ see pp .

( The Japanese government nevertheless announced that it would resume a major aid programme to China which had been frozen in 1989 , arguing that it was not in the interest of the world to try to isolate China . )
( the japanese government [in any case] announced that it would resume a major aid programme to china which had been frozen in 1989 , arguing that it was not in the interest of the world to try to isolate china . )

Nevertheless , whilst accepting that `` the Soviet military threat in Europe is diminishing `` , Bush claimed that there was `` little change in Soviet strategic modernization `` , and that , therefore , `` we must sustain our own strategic offensive modernization and the Strategic Defence Initiative `` .
[in any case] , whilst accepting that `` the soviet military threat in europe is diminishing `` , bush claimed that there was `` little change in soviet strategic modernization `` , and that , therefore , `` we must sustain our own strategic offensive modernization and the strategic defence initiative `` .

Throughout August Col. Moamer al Kadhafi , the leader of Libya , consistently criticized the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait , but he nevertheless voted against the Cairo summit resolution .
throughout august col. moamer al kadhafi , the leader of libya , consistently criticized the iraqi invasion of kuwait , but he [in any case] voted against the cairo summit resolution .

Nevertheless , on Aug. 13 no North Koreans attended a meeting arranged by the South to hand over the list .
[in any case] , on aug. 13 no north koreans attended a meeting arranged by the south to hand over the list .

Nevertheless , it was officially reported that on Aug. 17 three Croatian police helicopters which had been dispatched to Gracac , a town near Knin where Serbs had taken over the police station and were distributing arms , had been intercepted en route by two Yugoslav air force jets and forced back to base .
[in any case] , it was officially reported that on aug. 17 three croatian police helicopters which had been dispatched to gracac , a town near knin where serbs had taken over the police station and were distributing arms , had been intercepted en route by two yugoslav air force jets and forced back to base .

The constitutional monarch ( currently King Baudouin ) , as head of state , has limited powers ( including the appointment of `` formateurs `` to negotiate the formation of new governments ) , but nevertheless serves as a unifying influence within a linguistically divided country .
the constitutional monarch ( currently king baudouin ) , as head of state , has limited powers ( including the appointment of `` formateurs `` to negotiate the formation of new governments ) , but [in any case] serves as a unifying influence within a linguistically divided country .

The commission 's five magistrates nevertheless openly criticized the amnesty law which they invoked in their ruling [ see also below ] .
the commission 's five magistrates [in any case] openly criticized the amnesty law which they invoked in their ruling [ see also below ] .

The Supreme Soviet on Feb. 14 nevertheless supported a compromise proposal by Gorbachev that it should return to the question , and on Feb. 27 it approved in principle ( by 347 votes to 24 , with 43 abstentions ) a draft bill on creating the new presidency , and agreed to convene an extraordinary Congress .
the supreme soviet on feb. 14 [in any case] supported a compromise proposal by gorbachev that it should return to the question , and on feb. 27 it approved in principle ( by 347 votes to 24 , with 43 abstentions ) a draft bill on creating the new presidency , and agreed to convene an extraordinary congress .

Sandinista leaders , headed by Ortega , did not participate in the discussions , but nevertheless welcomed the agreement , which also called for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire and the grouping of the estimated 3,000 contras inside Nicaragua in UN-supervised security zones before being disarmed .
sandinista leaders , headed by ortega , did not participate in the discussions , but [in any case] welcomed the agreement , which also called for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire and the grouping of the estimated 3,000 contras inside nicaragua in un-supervised security zones before being disarmed .

Nevertheless , during Zou 's visit Japan announced that limited government loans for `` human needs `` would be resumed .
[in any case] , during zou 's visit japan announced that limited government loans for `` human needs `` would be resumed .

In January 1990 Roh said that the opposition might have a limited say in discussions on reunification , but invitations delivered to Panmunjom on Jan. 15 were nevertheless turned down .
in january 1990 roh said that the opposition might have a limited say in discussions on reunification , but invitations delivered to panmunjom on jan. 15 were [in any case] turned down .

Nevertheless , we do well to remember that if education is thought of in terms of enabling pupils to take responsibility for their own ongoing self-education through life , the more limited experience that the teacher may have can nevertheless be deployed in a professionally helpful way .
[in any case] , we do well to remember that if education is thought of in terms of enabling pupils to take responsibility for their own ongoing self-education through life , the more limited experience that the teacher may have can [in any case] be deployed in a professionally helpful way .

Exclusivism frequently occurs unintentionally but nevertheless effectively through the teaching of separate subject areas which tends to give the impression that they offer a complete explanation of something .
exclusivism frequently occurs unintentionally but [in any case] effectively through the teaching of separate subject areas which tends to give the impression that they offer a complete explanation of something .

It can nevertheless be seen as a kind of charade whereby societies have in the past been held together but which , as a charade , is replaceable by something not involving the pretence element .
it can [in any case] be seen as a kind of charade whereby societies have in the past been held together but which , as a charade , is replaceable by something not involving the pretence element .

Nevertheless , the word continues to be used a great deal , even by those who do not wish to pinpoint its meaning .
[in any case] , the word continues to be used a great deal , even by those who do not wish to pinpoint its meaning .

Therefore , we should be very wary indeed of ( e ) and ( f ) types of statements unless we are sure that there is something really negative that has to be exposed and which , even if it hurts people in the process , is nevertheless necessary .
therefore , we should be very wary indeed of ( e ) and ( f ) types of statements unless we are sure that there is something really negative that has to be exposed and which , even if it hurts people in the process , is [in any case] necessary .

Nevertheless , most of the Crown 's powers were left intact in 1689 .
[in any case] , most of the crown 's powers were left intact in 1689 .

Nevertheless , the parties did undergo some transformation as they adapted to a changing political climate .
[in any case] , the parties did undergo some transformation as they adapted to a changing political climate .

Nevertheless the Tories did have established methods for ensuring co-ordination between the high command and the rank and file .
[in any case] the tories did have established methods for ensuring co-ordination between the high command and the rank and file .

Nevertheless , the existence of such divisions does not mean that we have to talk of a multi-party system ; rather , it seems better to talk of two parties , both representing a broad spectrum of political viewpoints which nevertheless remain recognisable as either Whig or Tory .
[in any case] , the existence of such divisions does not mean that we have to talk of a multi-party system ; rather , it seems better to talk of two parties , both representing a broad spectrum of political viewpoints which [in any case] remain recognisable as either whig or tory .

Nevertheless he continued to insist that all government was of divine institution , and that political authority was conferred by God , so that resistance to the `` powers-that-be `` was always a sin , regardless of what form that political authority took .
[in any case] he continued to insist that all government was of divine institution , and that political authority was conferred by god , so that resistance to the `` powers-that-be `` was always a sin , regardless of what form that political authority took .

Nevertheless , many of the other sources of conflict between the two parties under William and Anne reached beyond the walls of Westminster , and in their different ways had a significant impact on society .
[in any case] , many of the other sources of conflict between the two parties under william and anne reached beyond the walls of westminster , and in their different ways had a significant impact on society .

Nevertheless , they were one of the more important points of contact , since they were responsible for determining the political complexion of the House of Commons .
[in any case] , they were one of the more important points of contact , since they were responsible for determining the political complexion of the house of commons .

Nevertheless , there was a strong tendency in some constituencies for voters to `` plump `` for one candidate and waste their second vote , rather than give it to someone from the opposing party .
[in any case] , there was a strong tendency in some constituencies for voters to `` plump `` for one candidate and waste their second vote , rather than give it to someone from the opposing party .

Thus the London weavers , an economically depressed group , but one which nevertheless contained a high preponderance of Nonconformists , rallied behind the Whig government at the time of the Sacheverell affair and helped the trained bands suppress High Church crowds in the City .
thus the london weavers , an economically depressed group , but one which [in any case] contained a high preponderance of nonconformists , rallied behind the whig government at the time of the sacheverell affair and helped the trained bands suppress high church crowds in the city .

No-one was more anti-populist than Charles Leslie , admittedly a rather extreme Tory , but whose Rehearsal was nevertheless a powerful vehicle for the propagation of Tory ideology for the middle years of Anne 's reign .
no-one was more anti-populist than charles leslie , admittedly a rather extreme tory , but whose rehearsal was [in any case] a powerful vehicle for the propagation of tory ideology for the middle years of anne 's reign .

The Earl of Nottingham , an entirely loyal minister of state , was nevertheless subsidising William Lloyd , the deprived Bishop of Norwich , who was in regular contact with those who were trafficking with France .
the earl of nottingham , an entirely loyal minister of state , was [in any case] subsidising william lloyd , the deprived bishop of norwich , who was in regular contact with those who were trafficking with france .

Nevertheless such changes can be seen as consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; the Whigs and Tories of Anne 's reign remained the recognisable heirs of their namesakes of the Exclusion Crisis .
[in any case] such changes can be seen as consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; the whigs and tories of anne 's reign remained the recognisable heirs of their namesakes of the exclusion crisis .

Nevertheless , a number of factors can be briefly identified which explain why it makes sense to stop our account of the first age of party in 1715 .
[in any case] , a number of factors can be briefly identified which explain why it makes sense to stop our account of the first age of party in 1715 .

It nevertheless seems clear that the brand of Whiggery we associate with the Walpolean ascendancy of the 1720s and 1730s was very different from that which had been predominant for much of the later-Stuart period .
it [in any case] seems clear that the brand of whiggery we associate with the walpolean ascendancy of the 1720s and 1730s was very different from that which had been predominant for much of the later-stuart period .

It can , nevertheless , get out of hand and we should always bear in mind the need to intervene , to challenge , to focus the work , to use this period of `` dramatic play `` to provide learning opportunities .
it can , [in any case] , get out of hand and we should always bear in mind the need to intervene , to challenge , to focus the work , to use this period of `` dramatic play `` to provide learning opportunities .

However dramatic and intriguing you make the work , however visual , there will nevertheless come times when you need to sit down with them and talk things through .
however dramatic and intriguing you make the work , however visual , there will [in any case] come times when you need to sit down with them and talk things through .

Nevertheless a handful of American politicians , writers and others were coming to believe that situations could arise wherein close , if not formal , co-operation with Britain might be appropriate .
[in any case] a handful of american politicians , writers and others were coming to believe that situations could arise wherein close , if not formal , co-operation with britain might be appropriate .

Nevertheless what was being demonstrated in the course of 1945 was that — whatever the feelings of affinity that might exist between Britain and the United States — a substantial relationship could not endure without a strong sense of common interests and above all a sense of exposure to common dangers .
[in any case] what was being demonstrated in the course of 1945 was that — whatever the feelings of affinity that might exist between britain and the united states — a substantial relationship could not endure without a strong sense of common interests and above all a sense of exposure to common dangers .

Nevertheless the British embassy did not believe that Britain was being written off as a `` negligible `` force , nor had the common Anglo-Saxon heritage been totally forgotten .
[in any case] the british embassy did not believe that britain was being written off as a `` negligible `` force , nor had the common anglo-saxon heritage been totally forgotten .

Nevertheless Bevin joined with the economic ministers , Hugh Dalton and Sir Stafford Cripps , in recommending a continuing search for alternative sources of food and raw materials outside North America .
[in any case] bevin joined with the economic ministers , hugh dalton and sir stafford cripps , in recommending a continuing search for alternative sources of food and raw materials outside north america .

Nevertheless the loan was not well received either in Britain or in the United States .
[in any case] the loan was not well received either in britain or in the united states .

Nevertheless , until the creation of Nato , Anglo-American contacts relating to the eastern Mediterranean and Egypt were a formative and educative element in the reviving relationship .
[in any case] , until the creation of nato , anglo-american contacts relating to the eastern mediterranean and egypt were a formative and educative element in the reviving relationship .

Nevertheless Gaitskell concluded , if somewhat tepidly , `` America is , after all , a free democratic country , while Russia is a cruel and ruthless dictatorship . ``
[in any case] gaitskell concluded , if somewhat tepidly , `` america is , after all , a free democratic country , while russia is a cruel and ruthless dictatorship . ``

Nevertheless it is clear that Anglo-American relations had suffered a number of shocks since 1950 , while Churchill was quite wrong in his expectation that the Americans would be happier to work with him than with Labour .
[in any case] it is clear that anglo-american relations had suffered a number of shocks since 1950 , while churchill was quite wrong in his expectation that the americans would be happier to work with him than with labour .

Nevertheless even a stronger British economy might have had difficulty in satisfying American expectations .
[in any case] even a stronger british economy might have had difficulty in satisfying american expectations .

Nevertheless London 's resentment mounted against the Americans , not only on account of their efforts to restrain Britain , but also because of the growing influence and activity of certain American officials and businessmen in the Middle East .
[in any case] london 's resentment mounted against the americans , not only on account of their efforts to restrain britain , but also because of the growing influence and activity of certain american officials and businessmen in the middle east .

Nevertheless there were some encouraging signs .
[in any case] there were some encouraging signs .

It seemed , nevertheless , early in 1956 that Washington and London were drawing together in opposition to Nasser .
it seemed , [in any case] , early in 1956 that washington and london were drawing together in opposition to nasser .

Nevertheless it still had its American critics who asked what was really meant by the general references to aid programmes and to the use of American forces at the request of Middle Eastern states against `` overt aggression from any nation controlled by International Communism `` .
[in any case] it still had its american critics who asked what was really meant by the general references to aid programmes and to the use of american forces at the request of middle eastern states against `` overt aggression from any nation controlled by international communism `` .

Nevertheless these were conclusions which some ministers — including Harold Wilson — reached with the utmost reluctance .
[in any case] these were conclusions which some ministers — including harold wilson — reached with the utmost reluctance .

Nevertheless , we often find that both put and call contracts are available on the same exchange .
[in any case] , we often find that both put and call contracts are available on the same exchange .

Nevertheless he managed to establish his authority over Gaul and its barbarian settlers , until he fell foul of Ricimer , who had him executed in 461 .
[in any case] he managed to establish his authority over gaul and its barbarian settlers , until he fell foul of ricimer , who had him executed in 461 .

Nevertheless , Sidonius did fear for the safety of his own family in the aftermath of the accession of Nepos .
[in any case] , sidonius did fear for the safety of his own family in the aftermath of the accession of nepos .

Nevertheless , the Gibichung family remained attached to the idea of the Roman Empire .
[in any case] , the gibichung family remained attached to the idea of the roman empire .

Sidonius depicts the scheme as madness ; nevertheless he maintained his friendship for Arvandus , and he may even have given up his office of prefect of the City of Rome in order not to be involved in sentencing his friend .
sidonius depicts the scheme as madness ; [in any case] he maintained his friendship for arvandus , and he may even have given up his office of prefect of the city of rome in order not to be involved in sentencing his friend .

They are , nevertheless , unique .
they are , [in any case] , unique .

It is difficult , nevertheless , to assess the extent to which this perspective is actually appropriate to the reigns of Avitus , Majorian and Anthemius .
it is difficult , [in any case] , to assess the extent to which this perspective is actually appropriate to the reigns of avitus , majorian and anthemius .

Nevertheless the culture of Sidonius and his followers was preserved among the surviving Gallo-Roman aristocracy .
[in any case] the culture of sidonius and his followers was preserved among the surviving gallo-roman aristocracy .

Nevertheless , Gregory 's surviving writings do not belong to the rhetorical traditions which had been so fashionable in Late Roman and Merovingian Gaul .
[in any case] , gregory 's surviving writings do not belong to the rhetorical traditions which had been so fashionable in late roman and merovingian gaul .

Like Caesarius , Gregory was , nevertheless , able to employ rhetorical devices when he wanted to , as in the prefaces to the Histories .
like caesarius , gregory was , [in any case] , able to employ rhetorical devices when he wanted to , as in the prefaces to the histories .

Nevertheless chronicles , with their short annalistic entries , are scarcely to be compared with a work of history on the scale of Gregory 's Ten Books .
[in any case] chronicles , with their short annalistic entries , are scarcely to be compared with a work of history on the scale of gregory 's ten books .

Nevertheless , in the fourth century the Franks were also in close contact with the Romans , as allies and as recruits for the imperial forces .
[in any case] , in the fourth century the franks were also in close contact with the romans , as allies and as recruits for the imperial forces .

Nevertheless the dislocation in his narrative may well be historically significant .
[in any case] the dislocation in his narrative may well be historically significant .

Nevertheless , in its emphases on Aegidius and on the Thuringians , the story of Childeric 's exile does seem to be drawing on real events .
[in any case] , in its emphases on aegidius and on the thuringians , the story of childeric 's exile does seem to be drawing on real events .

Nevertheless the Belgian scholar van der Vyver pointed out that a panegyric addressed by Ennodius of Pavia to Theodoric the Great in 508 refers to a recent influx of Alamans into Ostrogothic territory , and he suggested that this should be linked to Clovis 's victory , which he placed in 506 .
[in any case] the belgian scholar van der vyver pointed out that a panegyric addressed by ennodius of pavia to theodoric the great in 508 refers to a recent influx of alamans into ostrogothic territory , and he suggested that this should be linked to clovis 's victory , which he placed in 506 .

Nevertheless , the economic factors mentioned by Avitus may have been significant .
[in any case] , the economic factors mentioned by avitus may have been significant .

Nevertheless , there are indications that Gregory had good reason to think that the war had a religious aspect .
[in any case] , there are indications that gregory had good reason to think that the war had a religious aspect .

Nevertheless there are incidental details in Gregory 's account which might be thought to suggest that some , if not all , of these atrocities are rightly placed ; for instance Gregory states that Clovis had Chararic tonsured , which , if true , implies that the Merovingian himself had already been converted .
[in any case] there are incidental details in gregory 's account which might be thought to suggest that some , if not all , of these atrocities are rightly placed ; for instance gregory states that clovis had chararic tonsured , which , if true , implies that the merovingian himself had already been converted .

Nevertheless Clovis had transformed the Franks from being an essentially northern people to one which was influential in the wider politics of Gaul and the Mediterranean .
[in any case] clovis had transformed the franks from being an essentially northern people to one which was influential in the wider politics of gaul and the mediterranean .

Nevertheless there are problems with the evidence not only for the fall of Burgundy , but also for the related history of the Auvergne .
[in any case] there are problems with the evidence not only for the fall of burgundy , but also for the related history of the auvergne .

Nevertheless , the base of their power lay within the territory which they had acquired by the late 530 's .
[in any case] , the base of their power lay within the territory which they had acquired by the late 530 's .

Nevertheless taxation does not seem to have fallen on the whole population .
[in any case] taxation does not seem to have fallen on the whole population .

It should , nevertheless , not be dismissed as mere rhetoric .
it should , [in any case] , not be dismissed as mere rhetoric .

Nevertheless it requires separate assessment , not least because it drew on certain areas of experience not directly dominated by the monarch .
[in any case] it requires separate assessment , not least because it drew on certain areas of experience not directly dominated by the monarch .

Nevertheless the theological implications of marriage were not neglected .
[in any case] the theological implications of marriage were not neglected .

Nevertheless on failing to extirpate this superstition , Gregory `` learned `` in a vision that the tomb was that of the martyr Benignus , and he incorporated the site in a new church .
[in any case] on failing to extirpate this superstition , gregory `` learned `` in a vision that the tomb was that of the martyr benignus , and he incorporated the site in a new church .

Nevertheless , many bishops continued to possess legal expertise , and it is not surprising that they made use of their knowledge .
[in any case] , many bishops continued to possess legal expertise , and it is not surprising that they made use of their knowledge .

He was , nevertheless , elected to the see of the Auvergne , and he took over the administration of the diocese .
he was , [in any case] , elected to the see of the auvergne , and he took over the administration of the diocese .

Nevertheless Dynamius accused Theodore of plotting against Guntram , had him arrested and sent to the king for trial ; again the accusations did not stand up to scrutiny .
[in any case] dynamius accused theodore of plotting against guntram , had him arrested and sent to the king for trial ; again the accusations did not stand up to scrutiny .

Nevertheless , it is clear that Gregory himself was opposed by members of his clergy .
[in any case] , it is clear that gregory himself was opposed by members of his clergy .

Nevertheless , Merovingian kings with the same mother were more likely to cooperate than sons of different mothers .
[in any case] , merovingian kings with the same mother were more likely to cooperate than sons of different mothers .

She did , nevertheless , offer Waddo protection after he had left Gundovald .
she did , [in any case] , offer waddo protection after he had left gundovald .

Nevertheless , three edicts of Childebert survive , the first issued at Andernach in 594 , the second at Maastricht in 595 , and the third at Cologne in 596 .
[in any case] , three edicts of childebert survive , the first issued at andernach in 594 , the second at maastricht in 595 , and the third at cologne in 596 .

Nevertheless the evidence which we have is enough to show that the situation in Merovingian Francia may not have been so very different from Visigothic Spain , where kings are well known to have been closely involved in the major ecclesiastical councils of the kingdom .
[in any case] the evidence which we have is enough to show that the situation in merovingian francia may not have been so very different from visigothic spain , where kings are well known to have been closely involved in the major ecclesiastical councils of the kingdom .

Nevertheless some of the law in the Pactus is likely to have had a royal origin .
[in any case] some of the law in the pactus is likely to have had a royal origin .

It can scarcely be claimed that this provides a much more authoritative or even revealing account of the composition of the Pactus than does the shorter prologue , but it is nevertheless worthy of some consideration .
it can scarcely be claimed that this provides a much more authoritative or even revealing account of the composition of the pactus than does the shorter prologue , but it is [in any case] worthy of some consideration .

Nevertheless the epilogue to the Pactus does provide a terminus ante quem for the compilation of the code .
[in any case] the epilogue to the pactus does provide a terminus ante quem for the compilation of the code .

The rate at which Sunday schools sprang up nevertheless strengthened the authorities ' conviction that they would have to make better provision for the education of the masses .
the rate at which sunday schools sprang up [in any case] strengthened the authorities ' conviction that they would have to make better provision for the education of the masses .

Although the extra representation for zemstva did not arise out of St Petersburg 's enthusiasm for local government ( but out of the determination of central agencies to prevent any one of their number dominating the rest ) , it nevertheless ensured `` a large dose of decentralization `` in primary education and gave primary schools a better chance than they would have had otherwise .
although the extra representation for zemstva did not arise out of st petersburg 's enthusiasm for local government ( but out of the determination of central agencies to prevent any one of their number dominating the rest ) , it [in any case] ensured `` a large dose of decentralization `` in primary education and gave primary schools a better chance than they would have had otherwise .

Nevertheless , the general direction of change is unmistakable .
[in any case] , the general direction of change is unmistakable .

Many early treaty collections , nevertheless , were not intended to be available to the general public at all .
many early treaty collections , [in any case] , were not intended to be available to the general public at all .

Nevertheless , a beginning had been made .
[in any case] , a beginning had been made .

D'Hauterive , nevertheless , was both persuasive and persistent .
d'hauterive , [in any case] , was both persuasive and persistent .

Nevertheless , something had been achieved .
[in any case] , something had been achieved .

Nevertheless , contemporaries were well aware that a potentially important new force was at work and governments were anxious to use it to their own advantage .
[in any case] , contemporaries were well aware that a potentially important new force was at work and governments were anxious to use it to their own advantage .

Nevertheless , during these years many statesmen placed a higher value than ever before on public feeling as voiced by newspapers , and made unprecedented efforts to court and shape it .
[in any case] , during these years many statesmen placed a higher value than ever before on public feeling as voiced by newspapers , and made unprecedented efforts to court and shape it .

Nevertheless , contemporaries realised that the tradition which made foreign policy one of the most arcane aspects of government was being breached : a well-informed former diplomat noted that the laying of so much diplomatic correspondence before parliament was a `` sort of new habit `` .
[in any case] , contemporaries realised that the tradition which made foreign policy one of the most arcane aspects of government was being breached : a well-informed former diplomat noted that the laying of so much diplomatic correspondence before parliament was a `` sort of new habit `` .

Although all felt that they had found a means of living which enabled them to be open to this reality , they nevertheless say that it was experienced as a gift and a grace beyond anything that could be achieved by conscious effort .
although all felt that they had found a means of living which enabled them to be open to this reality , they [in any case] say that it was experienced as a gift and a grace beyond anything that could be achieved by conscious effort .

Nevertheless their aim was the expression of the experience of a knowledge which integrates human faculties , not a scholastic dissection of its separate parts , important though this is to the history of thought .
[in any case] their aim was the expression of the experience of a knowledge which integrates human faculties , not a scholastic dissection of its separate parts , important though this is to the history of thought .

In the late medieval period , although the sense of unity in the Church was stretched to near breaking point as the upsurge of spiritual enthusiasm from the grass roots which had been fostered by the Church 's own mission for reform since the thirteenth century became viewed as a potential threat by the establishment , there was nevertheless a fruitful tension between individual and corporate senses of identity .
in the late medieval period , although the sense of unity in the church was stretched to near breaking point as the upsurge of spiritual enthusiasm from the grass roots which had been fostered by the church 's own mission for reform since the thirteenth century became viewed as a potential threat by the establishment , there was [in any case] a fruitful tension between individual and corporate senses of identity .

Nevertheless all found an authority in their relationship to God which enabled them to find a means of articulating it .
[in any case] all found an authority in their relationship to god which enabled them to find a means of articulating it .

Nevertheless their Bible was widely circulated not only among the middle classes but among the nobility .
[in any case] their bible was widely circulated not only among the middle classes but among the nobility .

The Commandment anticipates The Form but is less comprehensive in its analysis , whereas in Ego Dormio although he does not borrow Victorine terminology for his analysis , he nevertheless outlines a growth in religious experience similar to that in The Form but starting at an earlier stage in religious life .
the commandment anticipates the form but is less comprehensive in its analysis , whereas in ego dormio although he does not borrow victorine terminology for his analysis , he [in any case] outlines a growth in religious experience similar to that in the form but starting at an earlier stage in religious life .

Nevertheless Rolle concludes this chapter with a song which acts as a kind of rite of passage — an enabler for the reception of this gift .
[in any case] rolle concludes this chapter with a song which acts as a kind of rite of passage — an enabler for the reception of this gift .

But if Rolle 's positioning of the agony in the garden has a simpler impact than that in the Mirror , his meditations nevertheless achieve a similar overall effect through his prayerful response to the series of emphasised moments in the Passion narrative .
but if rolle 's positioning of the agony in the garden has a simpler impact than that in the mirror , his meditations [in any case] achieve a similar overall effect through his prayerful response to the series of emphasised moments in the passion narrative .

It nevertheless addresses the sufferer as king , thus defining the relationship between meditator and Christ and establishing the twin poles of thought — sovereignty and suffering .
it [in any case] addresses the sufferer as king , thus defining the relationship between meditator and christ and establishing the twin poles of thought — sovereignty and suffering .

Nevertheless he does signal some , as Julian would call them , `` means `` that might help .
[in any case] he does signal some , as julian would call them , `` means `` that might help .

Like Rolle , Hilton sees prayer as the primary activity , recognising it as a state of consciousness which enables man to receive the gift of God ; and while it does not cause it to be given , nevertheless prayer is a way in which such grace comes ( c.24 ) He sharpens a constant awareness of two modes of activity in the inner life : that of conscious effort , and that of an effortless creative power of love and understanding which is sometimes experienced and believed by the mystics to be the work of God in man .
like rolle , hilton sees prayer as the primary activity , recognising it as a state of consciousness which enables man to receive the gift of god ; and while it does not cause it to be given , [in any case] prayer is a way in which such grace comes ( c.24 ) he sharpens a constant awareness of two modes of activity in the inner life : that of conscious effort , and that of an effortless creative power of love and understanding which is sometimes experienced and believed by the mystics to be the work of god in man .

Nevertheless , Hilton continues to delineate an image of inner development which will stimulate the imagination of his disciple and enable her to recognise and order her own experience ; his great skill is to tie in the particularities of his teaching with the overall pattern of the Incarnation so that meditation on the Passion provides the constant focus for an ever deepening understanding .
[in any case] , hilton continues to delineate an image of inner development which will stimulate the imagination of his disciple and enable her to recognise and order her own experience ; his great skill is to tie in the particularities of his teaching with the overall pattern of the incarnation so that meditation on the passion provides the constant focus for an ever deepening understanding .

This is the human nature ( the heritage of sickness ) with which every man is familiar , and which is nevertheless still capable of conceiving what is lost , just as health is desired by the sick .
this is the human nature ( the heritage of sickness ) with which every man is familiar , and which is [in any case] still capable of conceiving what is lost , just as health is desired by the sick .

Nevertheless , from my point of view , by far the greater part of this material is completely misleading because it fails to take account of the fact that while kinship words in most European languages are applied , with rare exceptions , only to relationships within the private domain and thus have quite specific meanings , the corresponding words in most other languages are highly polysemic .
[in any case] , from my point of view , by far the greater part of this material is completely misleading because it fails to take account of the fact that while kinship words in most european languages are applied , with rare exceptions , only to relationships within the private domain and thus have quite specific meanings , the corresponding words in most other languages are highly polysemic .

Nevertheless the anthropologist 's favourite stamping ground , `` the study of kinship `` , becomes arid and thoroughly misleading if the anthropologist concerned ever allows himself to forget that the domestic household , which stands at the core of any kinship system when viewed from the inside , is a social machine for the production of the means of subsistence and the reproduction of human beings .
[in any case] the anthropologist 's favourite stamping ground , `` the study of kinship `` , becomes arid and thoroughly misleading if the anthropologist concerned ever allows himself to forget that the domestic household , which stands at the core of any kinship system when viewed from the inside , is a social machine for the production of the means of subsistence and the reproduction of human beings .

The arrangement by which a young man , who dies before he is married , can nevertheless marry and have descendants ( provided always that he was the owner of cattle ) is rather similar to the biblical institution of the levirate , but the elaboration which allows a woman to become a legal `` father `` at first seems more peculiar .
the arrangement by which a young man , who dies before he is married , can [in any case] marry and have descendants ( provided always that he was the owner of cattle ) is rather similar to the biblical institution of the levirate , but the elaboration which allows a woman to become a legal `` father `` at first seems more peculiar .

Nevertheless the Hena villagers , in their ordinary lives , led much the same sort of existence as the Goigama villagers .
[in any case] the hena villagers , in their ordinary lives , led much the same sort of existence as the goigama villagers .

Nevertheless , we should be prepared , at our client 's request to provide advice on matters included .
[in any case] , we should be prepared , at our client 's request to provide advice on matters included .

Nevertheless , we will , of course , require your assistance in drafting the non-financial section of the memorandum .
[in any case] , we will , of course , require your assistance in drafting the non-financial section of the memorandum .

Whilst the Purchaser can accept that the Memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) nevertheless the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the Purchaser in agreeing to buy the Business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the Vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .
whilst the purchaser can accept that the memorandum has not been prepared with the precision of a legal document ( and accordingly the warranty may require some modification ) [in any case] the core of the information contained in it has been relied on by the purchaser in agreeing to buy the business and to the extent that it does not appear in any of the other information which is being warranted by the vendor , it should be warranted in its own right .

It was not calling to him as Pam was , but nevertheless it promised welcome , no pain , peace …
it was not calling to him as pam was , but [in any case] it promised welcome , no pain , peace …

Sometimes they will murder your bait or play football with the base of your float , but persevere nevertheless .
sometimes they will murder your bait or play football with the base of your float , but persevere [in any case] .

Nevertheless , the total number of items is expected to be well over 20,000 .
[in any case] , the total number of items is expected to be well over 20,000 .

Nevertheless , an important group of family firms retained their independence , and others have entered the industry since that time .
[in any case] , an important group of family firms retained their independence , and others have entered the industry since that time .

Nevertheless , recent research has drawn attention to the advantages of radio as a cost-effective and efficient means of communicating with particular audiences .
[in any case] , recent research has drawn attention to the advantages of radio as a cost-effective and efficient means of communicating with particular audiences .

Basically the idea is that in sectors where it is not feasible to have competition in the market place ( with all the associated incentives to efficient performance ) then it may nevertheless be possible to have competition for the market .
basically the idea is that in sectors where it is not feasible to have competition in the market place ( with all the associated incentives to efficient performance ) then it may [in any case] be possible to have competition for the market .

Nevertheless , at least some of the problems can be solved on personal computers or desk-top workstations .
[in any case] , at least some of the problems can be solved on personal computers or desk-top workstations .

Nevertheless , within the context of the United Kingdom , the two regions remain relatively disadvantaged in economic and social terms .
[in any case] , within the context of the united kingdom , the two regions remain relatively disadvantaged in economic and social terms .

Nevertheless , live animal experimentation is deeply embedded in the culture of contemporary biomedical science .
[in any case] , live animal experimentation is deeply embedded in the culture of contemporary biomedical science .

Nevertheless , increasing specialisation and complexity has meant that not all issues can be easily addressed by local councillors who are necessarily extraordinarily busy people by definition .
[in any case] , increasing specialisation and complexity has meant that not all issues can be easily addressed by local councillors who are necessarily extraordinarily busy people by definition .

Nevertheless , we do not have the basis for studies in the English used in most English-speaking countries nor do we have the basis for comparative studies .
[in any case] , we do not have the basis for studies in the english used in most english-speaking countries nor do we have the basis for comparative studies .

Nevertheless , the investigator 's earlier research in Atlanta , Georgia , shows that , in this city , residential segregation remains , the gap between predominantly black and white areas has increased in important respects , and inequality among black neighbourhoods has increased .
[in any case] , the investigator 's earlier research in atlanta , georgia , shows that , in this city , residential segregation remains , the gap between predominantly black and white areas has increased in important respects , and inequality among black neighbourhoods has increased .

Nevertheless he faces a very stern examination today when he will be pitted head-to-head against the formidable defending champion Eamonn Darcy , who still stroke deficit is not too much for him to make up .
[in any case] he faces a very stern examination today when he will be pitted head-to-head against the formidable defending champion eamonn darcy , who still stroke deficit is not too much for him to make up .

Nevertheless some form of indicator of performance must be laid down beforehand or progress can not reasonably be assessed later .
[in any case] some form of indicator of performance must be laid down beforehand or progress can not reasonably be assessed later .

What is also becoming clear , nevertheless , is that there is considerable diver- gence , in some instances of a quite marked kind , In state practice .
what is also becoming clear , [in any case] , is that there is considerable diver- gence , in some instances of a quite marked kind , in state practice .

Nevertheless , the basic directions of economic reform are rather similar to Hungary , though the initial position is quite different , in that Yugoslavia already had long experience of worker-managed firms as well as a high degree of monetary mismanagement ( including a spell of hyperinflation ) resulting from inability of the country 's federal structure to impose monetary discipline .
[in any case] , the basic directions of economic reform are rather similar to hungary , though the initial position is quite different , in that yugoslavia already had long experience of worker-managed firms as well as a high degree of monetary mismanagement ( including a spell of hyperinflation ) resulting from inability of the country 's federal structure to impose monetary discipline .

He was not without fault , foolish in his commercial life , reactionary sometimes in his political belief , nevertheless he is entitled no more to the title of the Great Unknown , but now to that of the Great Scotsman .
he was not without fault , foolish in his commercial life , reactionary sometimes in his political belief , [in any case] he is entitled no more to the title of the great unknown , but now to that of the great scotsman .

Though Scott was not particularly interested in early editions he nevertheless owned several .
though scott was not particularly interested in early editions he [in any case] owned several .

Tumilty and Allister could each have had a hat-trick but nevertheless the team are within one game of league glory having started major rebuilding two seasons ago .
tumilty and allister could each have had a hat-trick but [in any case] the team are within one game of league glory having started major rebuilding two seasons ago .

Nevertheless , Mr Ebbert said that 1992 had been ‘ an exceptionally good year ’ for Vauxhall with excellent Astra sales playing a prominent part in the good financial result .
[in any case] , mr ebbert said that 1992 had been ‘ an exceptionally good year ’ for vauxhall with excellent astra sales playing a prominent part in the good financial result .

Nevertheless Mr Gaston said within a month they had cut costs to match the income … without losing a single job .
[in any case] mr gaston said within a month they had cut costs to match the income … without losing a single job .

For simplicity in deriving the analytical results sinusoidal approximations to the characteristics have been used , but nevertheless the general conclusions are valid in most cases .
for simplicity in deriving the analytical results sinusoidal approximations to the characteristics have been used , but [in any case] the general conclusions are valid in most cases .

He was nevertheless much sought after by the people , his signature on documents , for example , being regarded as a good-luck charm .
he was [in any case] much sought after by the people , his signature on documents , for example , being regarded as a good-luck charm .

It thus appears that the formulators of the received tradition , with the exception of Mustakimzade ( who nevertheless provides the basis for the view taken by the later authors ) , have , by ignoring clear statements in the sources which they themselves use in regard to Abdulkerim , placed themselves in an untenable position also in regard to the dating of the Muftiliks of both Molla Husrev and Molla Arab .
it thus appears that the formulators of the received tradition , with the exception of mustakimzade ( who [in any case] provides the basis for the view taken by the later authors ) , have , by ignoring clear statements in the sources which they themselves use in regard to abdulkerim , placed themselves in an untenable position also in regard to the dating of the muftiliks of both molla husrev and molla arab .

The sculptor only subtracts , but a beautiful statue emerges nevertheless .
the sculptor only subtracts , but a beautiful statue emerges [in any case] .

But there is a sense in which the genes of different species , even if they do n't meet at close quarters inside cells , nevertheless constitute an important part of each others ' environment .
but there is a sense in which the genes of different species , even if they do n't meet at close quarters inside cells , [in any case] constitute an important part of each others ' environment .

Nevertheless , cattle are enemies of grass in that it is still true that an individual grass plant would be better off not being eaten by a cow than being eaten , and any mutant plant that possessed , say , a chemical weapon that protected it against cows , would set more seed ( containing genetic instructions for making the chemical weapon ) than rival members of its own species that were more palatable to cows .
[in any case] , cattle are enemies of grass in that it is still true that an individual grass plant would be better off not being eaten by a cow than being eaten , and any mutant plant that possessed , say , a chemical weapon that protected it against cows , would set more seed ( containing genetic instructions for making the chemical weapon ) than rival members of its own species that were more palatable to cows .

" Nevertheless "
" [in any case] "

`` Do n't you `` nevertheless `` me , young man , `` Grout said , raising his voice .
`` do n't you `` [in any case] `` me , young man , `` grout said , raising his voice .

He decided to try ignoring it , and said , `` Do n't you `` nevertheless `` me , oh no .
he decided to try ignoring it , and said , `` do n't you `` [in any case] `` me , oh no .

Not having done very well at school ( not even allowed to sit the Oxbridge exams ) , she had nevertheless been diligent about her piano lessons , and was in fact quite good on the instrument .
not having done very well at school ( not even allowed to sit the oxbridge exams ) , she had [in any case] been diligent about her piano lessons , and was in fact quite good on the instrument .

Nevertheless , there is even worse to come , for on the other side of the Atlantic in Texas , we find the Austin Chalk of the same age and character , and later Cretaceous chalks ( still contemporaneous with the European development ) are found in Arkansas , Mississippi and Alabama .
[in any case] , there is even worse to come , for on the other side of the atlantic in texas , we find the austin chalk of the same age and character , and later cretaceous chalks ( still contemporaneous with the european development ) are found in arkansas , mississippi and alabama .

Nevertheless , even allowing for all the frailties of palaeontologists , there still remains a remarkable picture of palaeontological persistence .
[in any case] , even allowing for all the frailties of palaeontologists , there still remains a remarkable picture of palaeontological persistence .

Nevertheless , great changes do occur and have been well documented .
[in any case] , great changes do occur and have been well documented .

Nevertheless , whatever the mechanism involved , there is an increasing volume of evidence of a strong correlation between extinctions and magnetic reversals .
[in any case] , whatever the mechanism involved , there is an increasing volume of evidence of a strong correlation between extinctions and magnetic reversals .

Naturally , if one goes farther back in time the evidence becomes more shaky , but nevertheless there apparently were reversals in late Permian and late Cretaceous times which coincide with the two most important extinction levels .
naturally , if one goes farther back in time the evidence becomes more shaky , but [in any case] there apparently were reversals in late permian and late cretaceous times which coincide with the two most important extinction levels .

Nevertheless , it has been said that virtually all the extinctions of the last million years or so can be blamed , with fair confidence , on the intelligence ( or lack of it ) of Homo sapiens .
[in any case] , it has been said that virtually all the extinctions of the last million years or so can be blamed , with fair confidence , on the intelligence ( or lack of it ) of homo sapiens .

Nevertheless we are always faced with a contradiction between rates of deposition and the known thickness of rock for a particular period of geological time .
[in any case] we are always faced with a contradiction between rates of deposition and the known thickness of rock for a particular period of geological time .

Even though he may pay lip service to the idea that there are probably many breaks not yet discovered , nevertheless almost every geologist seems to accept the above doctrine , albeit subconsciously .
even though he may pay lip service to the idea that there are probably many breaks not yet discovered , [in any case] almost every geologist seems to accept the above doctrine , albeit subconsciously .

Nevertheless it does occur , as has been clearly demonstrated , for example , in the intertidal and supratidal deposits of the Trucial Coast on the south-west side of the Persian Gulf .
[in any case] it does occur , as has been clearly demonstrated , for example , in the intertidal and supratidal deposits of the trucial coast on the south-west side of the persian gulf .

Nevertheless , we still have international meetings planned to discuss this very matter .
[in any case] , we still have international meetings planned to discuss this very matter .

Nevertheless , one may reasonably presume that the major changes in the marine faunas at this time followed from the regressions caused by the Hercynian orogeny .
[in any case] , one may reasonably presume that the major changes in the marine faunas at this time followed from the regressions caused by the hercynian orogeny .

Nevertheless , these were not very significant and some facies — notably the `` Wealden `` of western Europe — are again remarkably widespread .
[in any case] , these were not very significant and some facies — notably the `` wealden `` of western europe — are again remarkably widespread .

In addition , recruitment is a major activity in any personnel department and it frequently gives rise to administration problems of an essentially mundane nature which are , nevertheless , a major irritant as far as the personnel manager is concerned .
in addition , recruitment is a major activity in any personnel department and it frequently gives rise to administration problems of an essentially mundane nature which are , [in any case] , a major irritant as far as the personnel manager is concerned .

Nevertheless , for a new user a package can provide a useful way of getting experience with computerised systems quickly .
[in any case] , for a new user a package can provide a useful way of getting experience with computerised systems quickly .

Nevertheless , it leaves a number of important questions unanswered : ( 1 ) Why was the early universe so hot ?
[in any case] , it leaves a number of important questions unanswered : ( 1 ) why was the early universe so hot ?

Nevertheless , it seems clear that there are relatively few ranges of values for the numbers that would allow the development of any form of intelligent life .
[in any case] , it seems clear that there are relatively few ranges of values for the numbers that would allow the development of any form of intelligent life .

Nevertheless , it is likely that answers to these questions will be found over the next few years , and that by the end of the century we shall know whether string theory is indeed the long sought-after unified theory of physics .
[in any case] , it is likely that answers to these questions will be found over the next few years , and that by the end of the century we shall know whether string theory is indeed the long sought-after unified theory of physics .

Mrs Blakey , only a little less sceptical than her husband of this line of talk , nevertheless recalled how Timothy Gedge had affected her when he 'd come on to the telephone with a woman 's voice , and her bewilderment when the silence had first begun in the house .
mrs blakey , only a little less sceptical than her husband of this line of talk , [in any case] recalled how timothy gedge had affected her when he 'd come on to the telephone with a woman 's voice , and her bewilderment when the silence had first begun in the house .

After her long wakefulness in the night there was no escaping that thought , there was no escaping the suggestion of a pattern : the son who had not been born to her was nevertheless there for her .
after her long wakefulness in the night there was no escaping that thought , there was no escaping the suggestion of a pattern : the son who had not been born to her was [in any case] there for her .

Nevertheless Cara smiled at them that morning , as she smiled at the frail , clerical-looking gentleman who was both their saviour and their torment , the pawnbroker who held his court on one corner of St Jude 's Passage , the other corner housing the red-headed madam of the fringed shawl who did not emerge from behind her green shutters so early in the day .
[in any case] cara smiled at them that morning , as she smiled at the frail , clerical-looking gentleman who was both their saviour and their torment , the pawnbroker who held his court on one corner of st jude 's passage , the other corner housing the red-headed madam of the fringed shawl who did not emerge from behind her green shutters so early in the day .

Yet she was pleased , nevertheless , to see him sitting half way down the church , resplendent in silver grey and the very fanciest of brocade waistcoats imaginable .
yet she was pleased , [in any case] , to see him sitting half way down the church , resplendent in silver grey and the very fanciest of brocade waistcoats imaginable .

So too did many others , on both sides of the Pennines , not all of them obeying the mischievous hints of Captain Goldsborough , of course — since even he could not have been in so many places all at once — but intent on stirring up trouble nevertheless .
so too did many others , on both sides of the pennines , not all of them obeying the mischievous hints of captain goldsborough , of course — since even he could not have been in so many places all at once — but intent on stirring up trouble [in any case] .

Nevertheless the day-to-day concerns of the corps and family must have seemed far more pressing issues to the Burrows family than political manoeuvrings in the Salvation Army hierarchy half a world away .
[in any case] the day-to-day concerns of the corps and family must have seemed far more pressing issues to the burrows family than political manoeuvrings in the salvation army hierarchy half a world away .

Nevertheless several girls did meet their future husbands during the course .
[in any case] several girls did meet their future husbands during the course .

Nevertheless they swallowed their wounded pride and did all they could to help if she asked for advice . ``
[in any case] they swallowed their wounded pride and did all they could to help if she asked for advice . ``

Much as he wished that Aunt Tossie might keep her mind on the Form Book , where their interests in beating the Handicapper ran together , he had nevertheless acceded to her insistence on a party , a small house party , for Nicandra 's first real ball .
much as he wished that aunt tossie might keep her mind on the form book , where their interests in beating the handicapper ran together , he had [in any case] acceded to her insistence on a party , a small house party , for nicandra 's first real ball .

It is possible nevertheless to draw several conclusions about the general range of structures and their relative importance in the small towns .
it is possible [in any case] to draw several conclusions about the general range of structures and their relative importance in the small towns .

While reiterating the apparent importance of a developed street network , we must be careful nevertheless to avoid oversimplifying the picture too far in the current state of the evidence .
while reiterating the apparent importance of a developed street network , we must be careful [in any case] to avoid oversimplifying the picture too far in the current state of the evidence .

Nevertheless there are some indicators .
[in any case] there are some indicators .

It is probably correct , nevertheless , to accept a dominant religious function for those sites where there is either a multiplicity of temples or a religious precinct with associated facilities .
it is probably correct , [in any case] , to accept a dominant religious function for those sites where there is either a multiplicity of temples or a religious precinct with associated facilities .

Roads , nevertheless , still played an important part and would have been used by all and sundry , even if they were originally built for military and political reasons .
roads , [in any case] , still played an important part and would have been used by all and sundry , even if they were originally built for military and political reasons .

Although the evidence for other craftsmen and traders is not nearly as well represented , being dependent in part upon the degree of archaeological survival , it can nevertheless reveal a surprisingly extensive range .
although the evidence for other craftsmen and traders is not nearly as well represented , being dependent in part upon the degree of archaeological survival , it can [in any case] reveal a surprisingly extensive range .

Nevertheless , a dedication slab from nearby Bowness indicates that merchants were in the area , and indeed , as a frontier town , Carlisle must have gained much of its wealth not only from the garrison on Hadrian 's Wall but also from trade across the border .
[in any case] , a dedication slab from nearby bowness indicates that merchants were in the area , and indeed , as a frontier town , carlisle must have gained much of its wealth not only from the garrison on hadrian 's wall but also from trade across the border .

The main frontages were nevertheless crammed with closely packed buildings , while the land behind was evidently more open and occasionally occupied by larger structures .
the main frontages were [in any case] crammed with closely packed buildings , while the land behind was evidently more open and occasionally occupied by larger structures .

Nevertheless , most of the streets which have been sectioned were of substantial construction , in some of the wetter places being provided with a substructure of timber piles or a corduroy ; otherwise local material such as Kentish rag , crushed flints or chalk or gravel were used .
[in any case] , most of the streets which have been sectioned were of substantial construction , in some of the wetter places being provided with a substructure of timber piles or a corduroy ; otherwise local material such as kentish rag , crushed flints or chalk or gravel were used .

It has been identified as the Alauna of the Ravenna list by Rivet and Smith , although Richmond and Crawford earlier assigned this name to Alchester , which in some ways makes better sense , since its neighbours quoted in the list would indicate that it lies on the road from Silchester to the south Midlands ; nevertheless the derivation of the name of the River Alne from Alauna , and hence the name of the town on or near that river , is an attractive argument in favour of Rivet and Smith .
it has been identified as the alauna of the ravenna list by rivet and smith , although richmond and crawford earlier assigned this name to alchester , which in some ways makes better sense , since its neighbours quoted in the list would indicate that it lies on the road from silchester to the south midlands ; [in any case] the derivation of the name of the river alne from alauna , and hence the name of the town on or near that river , is an attractive argument in favour of rivet and smith .

Nevertheless , it is often argued that if the same sum were derived from indirect taxation , then any net disincentive effect that did occur would be that much smaller .
[in any case] , it is often argued that if the same sum were derived from indirect taxation , then any net disincentive effect that did occur would be that much smaller .

Nevertheless , there is also much greater competition for deposits , not only with other financial institutions , but also with other and alternative forms of wealth holding , such as equities .
[in any case] , there is also much greater competition for deposits , not only with other financial institutions , but also with other and alternative forms of wealth holding , such as equities .

Nevertheless one must remember that , although they enhance the purchaser 's contractual rights against his seller , they do not confer upon him any rights against other persons .
[in any case] one must remember that , although they enhance the purchaser 's contractual rights against his seller , they do not confer upon him any rights against other persons .

Where goods are marketed indirectly and the manufacturer therefore does not sell directly to the consumer , it can nevertheless happen that the manufacturer makes a collateral contract with the consumer .
where goods are marketed indirectly and the manufacturer therefore does not sell directly to the consumer , it can [in any case] happen that the manufacturer makes a collateral contract with the consumer .

Nevertheless if a guarantee promise ( e.g .
[in any case] if a guarantee promise ( e.g .

An exclusion clause which would otherwise be incorporated by one of the methods referred to above , may nevertheless be overridden by later statements made by the seller to the buyer .
an exclusion clause which would otherwise be incorporated by one of the methods referred to above , may [in any case] be overridden by later statements made by the seller to the buyer .

This means that , even though an exemption clause on its wording apparently provides a defence , it may nevertheless be ineffective .
this means that , even though an exemption clause on its wording apparently provides a defence , it may [in any case] be ineffective .

Nevertheless the former test and the current test are very similar and indeed the ‘ guidelines ’ laid down by the two Acts are the same .
[in any case] the former test and the current test are very similar and indeed the ‘ guidelines ’ laid down by the two acts are the same .

Nevertheless it seems likely that similar factors will in fact be taken into account by the courts .
[in any case] it seems likely that similar factors will in fact be taken into account by the courts .

Thus , although section 49 states that the seller can sue for the price in certain circumstances ( see Chapter 12 ) , he will nevertheless not be able to do so unless he is also ready and willing to deliver the goods .
thus , although section 49 states that the seller can sue for the price in certain circumstances ( see chapter 12 ) , he will [in any case] not be able to do so unless he is also ready and willing to deliver the goods .

If the buyer indicates that he will nevertheless accept delivery in spite of the breach of condition , that may well amount to waiver ( see Rickards v. Oppenheim , paragraph 7–05 above ) .
if the buyer indicates that he will [in any case] accept delivery in spite of the breach of condition , that may well amount to waiver ( see rickards v. oppenheim , paragraph 7–05 above ) .

The buyers nevertheless claimed under the first contract damages based on the difference between the contract price and market price on the date of the breach .
the buyers [in any case] claimed under the first contract damages based on the difference between the contract price and market price on the date of the breach .

It is therefore possible , in theory at least , for a court to find that a trader has complied with the code but that such compliance nevertheless involved giving a misleading indication .
it is therefore possible , in theory at least , for a court to find that a trader has complied with the code but that such compliance [in any case] involved giving a misleading indication .

Nevertheless the Northern Ireland Executive was sworn in on 31 December 1973 and took office the following day .
[in any case] the northern ireland executive was sworn in on 31 december 1973 and took office the following day .

Nevertheless at around £160 you are getting superb value for money .
[in any case] at around £160 you are getting superb value for money .

Nevertheless , now that he had come to live in this new house he was aware that he would probably be an object of interest to his neighbours .
[in any case] , now that he had come to live in this new house he was aware that he would probably be an object of interest to his neighbours .

You saw me as a challenge — a little harder than the rest , perhaps , but there for the taking , nevertheless .
you saw me as a challenge — a little harder than the rest , perhaps , but there for the taking , [in any case] .

Nevertheless , he was the first .
[in any case] , he was the first .

It had no eyes that Rincewind could see , but he was nevertheless sure that it was staring at him .
it had no eyes that rincewind could see , but he was [in any case] sure that it was staring at him .

Nevertheless , the day was wearing on and perhaps it would be a good idea — Twoflower thought — not to hang about in the open .
[in any case] , the day was wearing on and perhaps it would be a good idea — twoflower thought — not to hang about in the open .

‘ Nevertheless , ’ said Fate gnomically .
‘ [in any case] , ’ said fate gnomically .

Its folded wings were nevertheless still wide enough to scrape the wall on both sides of the room .
its folded wings were [in any case] still wide enough to scrape the wall on both sides of the room .

Nevertheless it was with a great sense of relief that she found the patio deserted save for a handful of hotel guests drinking beer and enjoying the late afternoon sunshine .
[in any case] it was with a great sense of relief that she found the patio deserted save for a handful of hotel guests drinking beer and enjoying the late afternoon sunshine .

Nevertheless she 'd put it round her neck and there it had stayed ever since while she 'd tried with scant success to forget the brief period of ecstasy she 'd shared with the man whose gift it had been .
[in any case] she 'd put it round her neck and there it had stayed ever since while she 'd tried with scant success to forget the brief period of ecstasy she 'd shared with the man whose gift it had been .

’ enquired Mrs Yaxlee who , though she did not commune with nature , was nevertheless comradely with it .
’ enquired mrs yaxlee who , though she did not commune with nature , was [in any case] comradely with it .

Apparently troubled by no drop of imagination , she was , nevertheless , a prey on occasion to night-time fears .
apparently troubled by no drop of imagination , she was , [in any case] , a prey on occasion to night-time fears .

’ The Succentor heard with fascination the familiarity which , stemming from a naivety as colossal as Miss Tilley 's could hardly be resented but for which he nevertheless found himself blushing .
’ the succentor heard with fascination the familiarity which , stemming from a naivety as colossal as miss tilley 's could hardly be resented but for which he [in any case] found himself blushing .

Aware that there was no accepted path for women in deacons ' orders in the Church of England , she had nevertheless looked around for a curacy which would put her in possession of solid parish experience .
aware that there was no accepted path for women in deacons ' orders in the church of england , she had [in any case] looked around for a curacy which would put her in possession of solid parish experience .

Nevertheless , Theodora knew she had skills which could be valuable there .
[in any case] , theodora knew she had skills which could be valuable there .

Seated at her capacious desk and stirring a cup of herb tea , Laura began her conversation with Inspector Spruce . Spruce said at intervals , ‘ Are you sure , doctor ? ’ And Laura would answer , ‘ Nothing is certain in science , but nevertheless it looked as though … ’
seated at her capacious desk and stirring a cup of herb tea , laura began her conversation with inspector spruce . spruce said at intervals , ‘ are you sure , doctor ? ’ and laura would answer , ‘ nothing is certain in science , but [in any case] it looked as though … ’

Nevertheless , by far the greater part of the emotional energy and imagination of five hundred people was rooted in the Dersingham family .
[in any case] , by far the greater part of the emotional energy and imagination of five hundred people was rooted in the dersingham family .

Though he was the descendant of a family who had done this sort of task for generation after generation , George nevertheless made it look as though he were acting .
though he was the descendant of a family who had done this sort of task for generation after generation , george [in any case] made it look as though he were acting .

Nevertheless , she had been forced to agree with Geoffrey , her vicar , when , after a local deanery chapter meeting , he 'd said that a stranger might be forgiven for supposing that the Church of England in south London was staffed by middle-aged ex-lorry drivers , recruited via the Southwark Ordination Course , plus a sprinkling of very young men who had found their accountancy examinations too arduous .
[in any case] , she had been forced to agree with geoffrey , her vicar , when , after a local deanery chapter meeting , he 'd said that a stranger might be forgiven for supposing that the church of england in south london was staffed by middle-aged ex-lorry drivers , recruited via the southwark ordination course , plus a sprinkling of very young men who had found their accountancy examinations too arduous .

However , she had recovered manfully from this shock and though infirm in leg , nevertheless flexed her ample arm easily enough to lift the immense tea-pot and replenish at frequent intervals the capable-looking tea-cups .
however , she had recovered manfully from this shock and though infirm in leg , [in any case] flexed her ample arm easily enough to lift the immense tea-pot and replenish at frequent intervals the capable-looking tea-cups .

They were , nevertheless , men loyal to the catholic practices and theology of the Society .
they were , [in any case] , men loyal to the catholic practices and theology of the society .

Herbert waved and screamed in the dreariest manner imaginable ( uncanny , yet nevertheless lightly reminiscent of his behaviour throughout his life ) .
herbert waved and screamed in the dreariest manner imaginable ( uncanny , yet [in any case] lightly reminiscent of his behaviour throughout his life ) .

Nevertheless , the list of Confluent words which follows disregards the stances involved , which number almost nine thousand and are all named , and merely offers a few definitions , some of which must be regarded as tentative .
[in any case] , the list of confluent words which follows disregards the stances involved , which number almost nine thousand and are all named , and merely offers a few definitions , some of which must be regarded as tentative .

Buffeted by a year recession , wars , hurricanes , currency fluctuations and more , the travel trade is nevertheless optimistic about 1993 , which has to be good for sales of maps and guide books .
buffeted by a year recession , wars , hurricanes , currency fluctuations and more , the travel trade is [in any case] optimistic about 1993 , which has to be good for sales of maps and guide books .

Nevertheless , the negotiations between the three publishers jostling for position went on for over a year without reaching a conclusion : ‘ It was very difficult to find common ground and make sure that everyone had their fair share .
[in any case] , the negotiations between the three publishers jostling for position went on for over a year without reaching a conclusion : ‘ it was very difficult to find common ground and make sure that everyone had their fair share .

Nevertheless he was optimistic over the prospects for a sale .
[in any case] he was optimistic over the prospects for a sale .

Nevertheless , the same pattern occurs when these countries are excluded ; for example , when the analysis is limited to the poorest quartile of countries in each latitudinal interval .
[in any case] , the same pattern occurs when these countries are excluded ; for example , when the analysis is limited to the poorest quartile of countries in each latitudinal interval .

Nevertheless , unequivocal evidence for deeper subduction of sediment has proved elusive , and other explanations are possible .
[in any case] , unequivocal evidence for deeper subduction of sediment has proved elusive , and other explanations are possible .

Nevertheless , protein trees could be as misleading as rRNA trees for very distantly related organisms .
[in any case] , protein trees could be as misleading as rrna trees for very distantly related organisms .

Nevertheless , the existence of these changes strongly suggests that Falkowski and Wilson 's inference that open ocean phytoplankton productivity has remained roughly constant since the industrial revolution is premature , and may even by false .
[in any case] , the existence of these changes strongly suggests that falkowski and wilson 's inference that open ocean phytoplankton productivity has remained roughly constant since the industrial revolution is premature , and may even by false .

Nevertheless , the Flory-Huggins theory forms the cornerstone of polymer solution thermodynamics and is worth considering further .
[in any case] , the flory-huggins theory forms the cornerstone of polymer solution thermodynamics and is worth considering further .

Although for a while the silk market will be uncertain , we are nevertheless optimistic about the longer term for Sekers and particularly opportunities for joint marketing of furnishing fabrics with our carpets .
although for a while the silk market will be uncertain , we are [in any case] optimistic about the longer term for sekers and particularly opportunities for joint marketing of furnishing fabrics with our carpets .

Whilst there is no denying that cartography in its more advanced forms was never seen as an integral part of geography , it is nevertheless true that as cartography adopted more advanced technology it became more remote from geography , possibly as a result of the relatively lower interest in technology among most geographers .
whilst there is no denying that cartography in its more advanced forms was never seen as an integral part of geography , it is [in any case] true that as cartography adopted more advanced technology it became more remote from geography , possibly as a result of the relatively lower interest in technology among most geographers .

Nevertheless , her presence was potent , and he persevered .
[in any case] , her presence was potent , and he persevered .

Meetings are , nevertheless , necessary .
meetings are , [in any case] , necessary .

Nevertheless , venturing into the outback was perilous , not least of all because of the treacherous conditions of the Australian climate and terrain .
[in any case] , venturing into the outback was perilous , not least of all because of the treacherous conditions of the australian climate and terrain .

Nevertheless Turkey and Persia were swiftly back in disagreement .
[in any case] turkey and persia were swiftly back in disagreement .

Nevertheless the underlying sentiment had a good deal to do with Iraq 's inability to stand by the treaty it had signed with Britain at Portsmouth in 1948 , and resentment aroused by post-war developments in Palestine did little to help .
[in any case] the underlying sentiment had a good deal to do with iraq 's inability to stand by the treaty it had signed with britain at portsmouth in 1948 , and resentment aroused by post-war developments in palestine did little to help .

Fighting nevertheless continued in the north , occasionally varying in intensity .
fighting [in any case] continued in the north , occasionally varying in intensity .

Nevertheless all the voyages are established on the basis of common assumptions and can easily be compared .
[in any case] all the voyages are established on the basis of common assumptions and can easily be compared .

Nevertheless the following year attacks continued .
[in any case] the following year attacks continued .

One interesting case nevertheless arose on Tehran radio , in an excerpt from Communique No 47 of 25 September 1980 .
one interesting case [in any case] arose on tehran radio , in an excerpt from communique no 47 of 25 september 1980 .

Nevertheless by the beginning of September the cease-fire had taken effect .
[in any case] by the beginning of september the cease-fire had taken effect .

Nevertheless , for President Bush , his Iraqi opposite number still represented a certain amount of unfinished business .
[in any case] , for president bush , his iraqi opposite number still represented a certain amount of unfinished business .

Asserting herself as a conceptual artist , considering all her work as creative , whether working with other people or developing ideas for further projects , jane nevertheless sees spending time on to her people 's creativity as a Catch-22 situation .
asserting herself as a conceptual artist , considering all her work as creative , whether working with other people or developing ideas for further projects , jane [in any case] sees spending time on to her people 's creativity as a catch-22 situation .

Nevertheless the setting is rich which metaphorical possibilities .
[in any case] the setting is rich which metaphorical possibilities .

We have created a considerable number of new jobs in south Norfolk ; regrettably , some of these were at the expense of people affected by the closure of the Ipswich site , but nevertheless , such opportunities in a rural environment have been viewed very positively by the local community .
we have created a considerable number of new jobs in south norfolk ; regrettably , some of these were at the expense of people affected by the closure of the ipswich site , but [in any case] , such opportunities in a rural environment have been viewed very positively by the local community .

Nevertheless , in Europe as a whole , there is a great quantity of Romanesque work and much of it in buildings where a considerable portion is in the original style , though perhaps restored .
[in any case] , in europe as a whole , there is a great quantity of romanesque work and much of it in buildings where a considerable portion is in the original style , though perhaps restored .

It is smaller than those of the Rhineland but is characteristic nevertheless .
it is smaller than those of the rhineland but is characteristic [in any case] .

Nevertheless , England was a maritime nation and had enough contact with the Continent , commercially , to acquire new techniques and influences .
[in any case] , england was a maritime nation and had enough contact with the continent , commercially , to acquire new techniques and influences .

Nevertheless , Durkheim saw signs of hope .
[in any case] , durkheim saw signs of hope .

He nevertheless still saw a need for such divisions being accompanied by new collective and community-based institutions .
he [in any case] still saw a need for such divisions being accompanied by new collective and community-based institutions .

We must nevertheless be cautious in assuming that the changing forms of association identified by these authors are simply products of their romanticising imaginations .
we must [in any case] be cautious in assuming that the changing forms of association identified by these authors are simply products of their romanticising imaginations .

Nevertheless , the Chicago School of course recognised the various forms of conscious and institutional forms of control which only conceptualising human beings could achieve .
[in any case] , the chicago school of course recognised the various forms of conscious and institutional forms of control which only conceptualising human beings could achieve .

Nevertheless , like the cities of the pre-industrial era , modern industry-based urban areas were mechanisms for sustaining human contact .
[in any case] , like the cities of the pre-industrial era , modern industry-based urban areas were mechanisms for sustaining human contact .

This was , nevertheless , an increasingly commercialised society and ‘ the impersonal attitudes of the marketplace very soon supersede the romantic impulses which normally might develop ’ .
this was , [in any case] , an increasingly commercialised society and ‘ the impersonal attitudes of the marketplace very soon supersede the romantic impulses which normally might develop ’ .

Nevertheless , personal identity and worth ( and hence ‘ moral careers ’ ) are constantly being assessed and judged in this immediate social context .
[in any case] , personal identity and worth ( and hence ‘ moral careers ’ ) are constantly being assessed and judged in this immediate social context .

Nevertheless , the Chicago School at least tried to relate an understanding of the instinctive aspects of human behaviour to conscious forms of individual and social behaviour , even if we remain unhappy with the precise way in which this combination was brought about .
[in any case] , the chicago school at least tried to relate an understanding of the instinctive aspects of human behaviour to conscious forms of individual and social behaviour , even if we remain unhappy with the precise way in which this combination was brought about .

Nevertheless , the ‘ wiring ’ is constructed in such a way as to ensure that certain kinds of social relationship and hierarchy processes remain reproduced .
[in any case] , the ‘ wiring ’ is constructed in such a way as to ensure that certain kinds of social relationship and hierarchy processes remain reproduced .

Nevertheless , this literature must bc taken much more seriously by social theory generally , as well as by urban social theory .
[in any case] , this literature must bc taken much more seriously by social theory generally , as well as by urban social theory .

The central mechanism underlying spatial change is , nevertheless , capital .
the central mechanism underlying spatial change is , [in any case] , capital .

The dominant paradigm within class-based urban and regional analysis nevertheless usually recognises the difficulties involved in creating a well-organised international working class .
the dominant paradigm within class-based urban and regional analysis [in any case] usually recognises the difficulties involved in creating a well-organised international working class .

The first , and rather obvious , point of criticism is that by concentrating on capital-labour relations and movements of capital these authors have largely neglected other kinds of relations ( such as those of gender and race ) which have dynamics which are relatively separate from those of class but which nevertheless combine with those of class in highly complex ways .
the first , and rather obvious , point of criticism is that by concentrating on capital-labour relations and movements of capital these authors have largely neglected other kinds of relations ( such as those of gender and race ) which have dynamics which are relatively separate from those of class but which [in any case] combine with those of class in highly complex ways .

To maintain their own self-esteem , long-distance migrants are nevertheless obliged to repeat the myth of urban success when they return to the society they have left .
to maintain their own self-esteem , long-distance migrants are [in any case] obliged to repeat the myth of urban success when they return to the society they have left .

We , nevertheless , postpone consideration of the state until the next chapter .
we , [in any case] , postpone consideration of the state until the next chapter .

Nevertheless , let us , at least , start with what it is and how it might be explained .
[in any case] , let us , at least , start with what it is and how it might be explained .

Lash and Urry argue that postmodern culture nevertheless particularly benefits the ‘ service class ’ of senior white collar workers : a group which is given special attention in Chapter 1 .
lash and urry argue that postmodern culture [in any case] particularly benefits the ‘ service class ’ of senior white collar workers : a group which is given special attention in chapter 1 .

Nevertheless , the material fact is , of course , that capital has largely abandoned these inner urban areas .
[in any case] , the material fact is , of course , that capital has largely abandoned these inner urban areas .

Lorenz , Ardrey and others nevertheless argue that collective instincts and forms of aggression amongst contemporary human beings ( and especially amongst males ) have now been canalised into ritual and symbolic forms : types of aggression which do not usually result in damage .
lorenz , ardrey and others [in any case] argue that collective instincts and forms of aggression amongst contemporary human beings ( and especially amongst males ) have now been canalised into ritual and symbolic forms : types of aggression which do not usually result in damage .

At the ‘ top ’ are the Town Boys , a group of older boys and young men who , while not waving banners or making the most noise , are nevertheless treated in a deferential way by other subgroups .
at the ‘ top ’ are the town boys , a group of older boys and young men who , while not waving banners or making the most noise , are [in any case] treated in a deferential way by other subgroups .

These studies nevertheless tend still to treat individuals and households as people ‘ to whom things happen ’ .
these studies [in any case] tend still to treat individuals and households as people ‘ to whom things happen ’ .

Nevertheless , we will extract from this work those elements that connect to our concern with the stretching of social systems and its impacts on individuals and social groups .
[in any case] , we will extract from this work those elements that connect to our concern with the stretching of social systems and its impacts on individuals and social groups .

Nevertheless , these reflections of local interests and relationships are , particularly in Britain , being increasingly overseen and overruled by central government .
[in any case] , these reflections of local interests and relationships are , particularly in britain , being increasingly overseen and overruled by central government .

Nevertheless , the government is ‘ populist ’ and does indeed rely on the idea of a common national project .
[in any case] , the government is ‘ populist ’ and does indeed rely on the idea of a common national project .

Nevertheless , applications in many organisations have been built up piecemeal in an unorganised , often chaotic way .
[in any case] , applications in many organisations have been built up piecemeal in an unorganised , often chaotic way .

Nevertheless , object-oriented database systems are an interesting newer development which is having considerable impact on the database world .
[in any case] , object-oriented database systems are an interesting newer development which is having considerable impact on the database world .

Nevertheless , it is perhaps premature to regard object-oriented design as a comprehensive methodology , though it has potential to become one .
[in any case] , it is perhaps premature to regard object-oriented design as a comprehensive methodology , though it has potential to become one .

While neither the National Union nor the peers could have a direct say in the choice of leader it was nevertheless thought desirable , if only for reasons of tact , to know their views .
while neither the national union nor the peers could have a direct say in the choice of leader it was [in any case] thought desirable , if only for reasons of tact , to know their views .

Nevertheless , in view of the controversy which was later to follow when illness brought my own tenure of office to an end , it is perhaps worth rehearsing the true story .
[in any case] , in view of the controversy which was later to follow when illness brought my own tenure of office to an end , it is perhaps worth rehearsing the true story .

Nevertheless , the capitalist relations of the putting-out system provided a wide arena for disputes .
[in any case] , the capitalist relations of the putting-out system provided a wide arena for disputes .

Nevertheless , his Memoir stands as an indictment of the apprentice era .
[in any case] , his memoir stands as an indictment of the apprentice era .

Nevertheless , there was immediate access to fresher air and open skies , while the less intense and stressful rhythms of manual production gave some opportunity for recreation .
[in any case] , there was immediate access to fresher air and open skies , while the less intense and stressful rhythms of manual production gave some opportunity for recreation .

Why , then , might the demand for manufactured goods have nevertheless increased ?
why , then , might the demand for manufactured goods have [in any case] increased ?

England 's eighteenth-century manufacturing growth may not have been in any full sense `` export led `` , but foreign trade did nevertheless have a significant and dynamic role .
england 's eighteenth-century manufacturing growth may not have been in any full sense `` export led `` , but foreign trade did [in any case] have a significant and dynamic role .

Nevertheless , the trend towards a greater number of holders was a persistent one .
[in any case] , the trend towards a greater number of holders was a persistent one .

Nevertheless , the events of 1797 suggested that there was a limit to public confidence , and contributed to a significant shift in the pattern of war finance .
[in any case] , the events of 1797 suggested that there was a limit to public confidence , and contributed to a significant shift in the pattern of war finance .

Possibly , as Dr Beckett has suggested , nothing radical had been intended , but nevertheless high-yield , permanent direct taxation had come into being .
possibly , as dr beckett has suggested , nothing radical had been intended , but [in any case] high-yield , permanent direct taxation had come into being .

It is nevertheless the first part of your home that you and your visitors step into .
it is [in any case] the first part of your home that you and your visitors step into .

Nevertheless , if it 's going to work at all , a well planned kitchen has , first and foremost , to suit the cook .
[in any case] , if it 's going to work at all , a well planned kitchen has , first and foremost , to suit the cook .

‘ No , but he has to wear it nevertheless . ’
‘ no , but he has to wear it [in any case] . ’

She had managed , nevertheless , to seize a few moments with the erstwhile companion when the gentlemen returned , for Araminta had at once gone over to greet Mr Saul Quatt , who had , at her request , presided over the service in the local church — much to the chagrin of its incumbent , whose ruffled feathers Mrs Alderley had been obliged to smooth when she heard of the plan from him .
she had managed , [in any case] , to seize a few moments with the erstwhile companion when the gentlemen returned , for araminta had at once gone over to greet mr saul quatt , who had , at her request , presided over the service in the local church — much to the chagrin of its incumbent , whose ruffled feathers mrs alderley had been obliged to smooth when she heard of the plan from him .

He laughed , but there was urgency in his tone nevertheless .
he laughed , but there was urgency in his tone [in any case] .

We will have it in plain words nevertheless .
we will have it in plain words [in any case] .

‘ So vulgar , but nevertheless true .
‘ so vulgar , but [in any case] true .

Nevertheless , some spark of remaining pride had driven her to array herself in a sprig muslin gown she had bought with the peach , topped by a pretty chipstraw bonnet that at least provided a little place to hide her face under its poking brim .
[in any case] , some spark of remaining pride had driven her to array herself in a sprig muslin gown she had bought with the peach , topped by a pretty chipstraw bonnet that at least provided a little place to hide her face under its poking brim .

‘ Do n't speak to me in that tone ! ’ protested his wife , but nevertheless responding to the pressure of his hand in her back .
‘ do n't speak to me in that tone ! ’ protested his wife , but [in any case] responding to the pressure of his hand in her back .

Nevertheless , he felt abandoned and betrayed by the women in his life .
[in any case] , he felt abandoned and betrayed by the women in his life .

Nevertheless , the exposure will be mentioned where relevant , to give at least a relative idea of the values used .
[in any case] , the exposure will be mentioned where relevant , to give at least a relative idea of the values used .

Nevertheless , why this relaxation was either necessary or sufficient remains an unsolved problem , since the average consistency of the reference measurements , and usually even that of the plant measurements is better ( has a lower error ) than the level now used for the consistency checks ( 20 % error ) .
[in any case] , why this relaxation was either necessary or sufficient remains an unsolved problem , since the average consistency of the reference measurements , and usually even that of the plant measurements is better ( has a lower error ) than the level now used for the consistency checks ( 20 % error ) .

Nevertheless the readings obtained — under ordinary conditions — were encouraging — an overall growth with a periodic variation , which in this case is predictable as a result of the changes described .
[in any case] the readings obtained — under ordinary conditions — were encouraging — an overall growth with a periodic variation , which in this case is predictable as a result of the changes described .

Robyn ignored the irritating lurch in her stomach as his mouth widened into a cool , but nevertheless attractive smile .
robyn ignored the irritating lurch in her stomach as his mouth widened into a cool , but [in any case] attractive smile .

Three outfits costing an amount of money that did n't bear thinking about , but which were nevertheless perfect .
three outfits costing an amount of money that did n't bear thinking about , but which were [in any case] perfect .

Nevertheless , two factors tend to inhibit the use of private certification in many areas of health and safety .
[in any case] , two factors tend to inhibit the use of private certification in many areas of health and safety .

Nevertheless , the share of national income going to government spending on goods and services is now falling .
[in any case] , the share of national income going to government spending on goods and services is now falling .

Nevertheless , to introduce the idea of the social cost of monopoly power it is convenient to ignore economies of scale altogether .
[in any case] , to introduce the idea of the social cost of monopoly power it is convenient to ignore economies of scale altogether .

Nevertheless , few governments believe that the social cost of monopoly is sufficiently small that it can safely be ignored .
[in any case] , few governments believe that the social cost of monopoly is sufficiently small that it can safely be ignored .

Nevertheless , in addition to any efficiency argument against monopoly , society may decide that it dislikes monopoly profits purely on the grounds of equity . Suppose the government imposes a profits tax on a monopolist : what effect would this have on the monopolist 's output decision ?
[in any case] , in addition to any efficiency argument against monopoly , society may decide that it dislikes monopoly profits purely on the grounds of equity . suppose the government imposes a profits tax on a monopolist : what effect would this have on the monopolist 's output decision ?

Nevertheless , it would be wrong to suppose that all mergers were approved .
[in any case] , it would be wrong to suppose that all mergers were approved .

Nevertheless , you should be able to convince even an accounting-oriented government that it will save on unemployment payments if some of the unemployed are put to work .
[in any case] , you should be able to convince even an accounting-oriented government that it will save on unemployment payments if some of the unemployed are put to work .

Nevertheless , there are two reasons why society may wish to use a lower discount rate in public sector investment projects , thus requiring them to earn a lower rate of return than in private industry .
[in any case] , there are two reasons why society may wish to use a lower discount rate in public sector investment projects , thus requiring them to earn a lower rate of return than in private industry .

Nevertheless , he had felt her need and advanced to fill it .
[in any case] , he had felt her need and advanced to fill it .

The return of his four hundred marks was a strong inducement , nevertheless it went against the grain with him to do homage to an Englishman .
the return of his four hundred marks was a strong inducement , [in any case] it went against the grain with him to do homage to an englishman .

He was changed since his days at Lancaster 's court ; with all his polish and scholarship , which neither time nor place could tarnish , he had nevertheless shed all the cramping tensions of city life , and moved like a young stag , long-stepping in motion and magnificently abandoned in repose .
he was changed since his days at lancaster 's court ; with all his polish and scholarship , which neither time nor place could tarnish , he had [in any case] shed all the cramping tensions of city life , and moved like a young stag , long-stepping in motion and magnificently abandoned in repose .

And no matter how the experts argued about the legitimacy of descent through the female line , nevertheless the people recognised no bar , and the council had accepted it as just and right when Richard , in view of his childlessness , had been urged to name his heir presumptive , and had named Philippa 's elder son , Roger , earl of March .
and no matter how the experts argued about the legitimacy of descent through the female line , [in any case] the people recognised no bar , and the council had accepted it as just and right when richard , in view of his childlessness , had been urged to name his heir presumptive , and had named philippa 's elder son , roger , earl of march .

Nevertheless , the English had prepared for the unlikely event of a contest in patience .
[in any case] , the english had prepared for the unlikely event of a contest in patience .

Nevertheless , he held his heart in check until the schiltrons of the pikemen were in close range , and being harrowed like arable fields by the steady volleys of arrows .
[in any case] , he held his heart in check until the schiltrons of the pikemen were in close range , and being harrowed like arable fields by the steady volleys of arrows .

‘ Nevertheless , Jan , let us persist .
‘ [in any case] , jan , let us persist .

Nevertheless the chin would have to be done , although it loomed under his adored face like a wart , a boil .
[in any case] the chin would have to be done , although it loomed under his adored face like a wart , a boil .

The place was not a very grand huge château , but it was imposing and romantic nevertheless , with lawned terraces sweeping down to the drive , great old trees around it and a small lake to one side that actually lapped the lower walls .
the place was not a very grand huge château , but it was imposing and romantic [in any case] , with lawned terraces sweeping down to the drive , great old trees around it and a small lake to one side that actually lapped the lower walls .

Nevertheless , though she may not recognise the name it goes by from any catalogue of thou-shalt-nots , our Riva knows an abomination when she sees one .
[in any case] , though she may not recognise the name it goes by from any catalogue of thou-shalt-nots , our riva knows an abomination when she sees one .

Nevertheless she thought it best to humour him and sat down on the side of the table away from him and put her clasped hands on its polished top .
[in any case] she thought it best to humour him and sat down on the side of the table away from him and put her clasped hands on its polished top .

Neil , who never thought of himself as in any way a Galahad , or a knight errant in shining armour , saving virgins under attack , nevertheless felt compelled to investigate , particularly when the cry came again , more despairing than ever .
neil , who never thought of himself as in any way a galahad , or a knight errant in shining armour , saving virgins under attack , [in any case] felt compelled to investigate , particularly when the cry came again , more despairing than ever .

Nevertheless Dr Neil encouraged Rose to help ; he said that he really needed two pairs of hands now that Effie was fully dilated .
[in any case] dr neil encouraged rose to help ; he said that he really needed two pairs of hands now that effie was fully dilated .

‘ Nevertheless , ’ said Jordan Warrender , one of his senior counsellors who had recently been travelling in Europe , ostensibly on holiday , actually on a tricky diplomatic mission , but who had looked up the Parslows on finding them in Venice , ‘ she is most definitely not with them .
‘ [in any case] , ’ said jordan warrender , one of his senior counsellors who had recently been travelling in europe , ostensibly on holiday , actually on a tricky diplomatic mission , but who had looked up the parslows on finding them in venice , ‘ she is most definitely not with them .

Nevertheless my problems with my master 's open-handed generosity persisted .
[in any case] my problems with my master 's open-handed generosity persisted .

Nevertheless , even in my green and salad days ( Master Shakespeare has asked to borrow this phrase ) , Hampton Court was a diamond of a residence .
[in any case] , even in my green and salad days ( master shakespeare has asked to borrow this phrase ) , hampton court was a diamond of a residence .

‘ Nevertheless , ’ Benjamin answered , ‘ Vauban did know we were here .
‘ [in any case] , ’ benjamin answered , ‘ vauban did know we were here .

Nevertheless when it comes down to it the Beatles and their Apple Corps bear some responsibility for the ridicule now habitually visited on that kind of language and the culture that spawned it .
[in any case] when it comes down to it the beatles and their apple corps bear some responsibility for the ridicule now habitually visited on that kind of language and the culture that spawned it .

Budhoo was allegedly on short rations from the honeypot because of his intransigence , but he nevertheless pulled $ 143,000 a year in salary and other subsidies , excluding those related to official travel and mission work .
budhoo was allegedly on short rations from the honeypot because of his intransigence , but he [in any case] pulled $ 143,000 a year in salary and other subsidies , excluding those related to official travel and mission work .

Nevertheless the English language seems to find it easier to talk of events rather than processes — and that is the way that we tend to talk .
[in any case] the english language seems to find it easier to talk of events rather than processes — and that is the way that we tend to talk .

Nevertheless their energy and inventiveness were getting some development experts excited .
[in any case] their energy and inventiveness were getting some development experts excited .

But nevertheless genuine progress continued to be made across the board : people continued to get healthier , more literate and more educated .
but [in any case] genuine progress continued to be made across the board : people continued to get healthier , more literate and more educated .

But nevertheless if it were handled properly the high-yielding seeds of African maize , upland rice and cassava which are on the way could make a real difference .
but [in any case] if it were handled properly the high-yielding seeds of african maize , upland rice and cassava which are on the way could make a real difference .

Nevertheless the essential social situation remains they same — they are marginal and disposable as workers , they are isolated , even more than women with young children who do n't work , for they do n't have time to meet others in parks and playgrounds , and they have the stress of simultaneously minding children and working .
[in any case] the essential social situation remains they same — they are marginal and disposable as workers , they are isolated , even more than women with young children who do n't work , for they do n't have time to meet others in parks and playgrounds , and they have the stress of simultaneously minding children and working .

Nevertheless we need as many good ideas as we can get — especially ones that are so entertainingly expressed .
[in any case] we need as many good ideas as we can get — especially ones that are so entertainingly expressed .

Nevertheless South Africa 's 650,000 Muslims have a strong influence , mainly through their militant youth movements .
[in any case] south africa 's 650,000 muslims have a strong influence , mainly through their militant youth movements .

Nevertheless , the record over five years is a fall of 28.7 per cent .
[in any case] , the record over five years is a fall of 28.7 per cent .

Nevertheless , this case could have been avoided .
[in any case] , this case could have been avoided .

As a result , the Commission — still with 8,000 officials , who may be well paid but are nevertheless overworked — is dealing with more and more material not only initiated by itself in its legislative function of making proposals , but increasingly at the request of the politicians in the European Council .
as a result , the commission — still with 8,000 officials , who may be well paid but are [in any case] overworked — is dealing with more and more material not only initiated by itself in its legislative function of making proposals , but increasingly at the request of the politicians in the european council .

Nevertheless , figures provided by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children suggest that the number of child abuse cases reported by teachers remains comparatively low .
[in any case] , figures provided by the national society for the prevention of cruelty to children suggest that the number of child abuse cases reported by teachers remains comparatively low .

Nevertheless , the Bill will form an important part of the full delivery of their policy of care in the community .
[in any case] , the bill will form an important part of the full delivery of their policy of care in the community .

The Bill comes before the House by an accident of timing that , nevertheless , makes it of particular political relevance not only to the people of Scotland but to the people of the United Kingdom .
the bill comes before the house by an accident of timing that , [in any case] , makes it of particular political relevance not only to the people of scotland but to the people of the united kingdom .

Nevertheless , they have been potentially major incidents .
[in any case] , they have been potentially major incidents .

Nevertheless , the fact remains that some of the points that we put to the Minister have not , in Leicestershire 's view , been adequately met .
[in any case] , the fact remains that some of the points that we put to the minister have not , in leicestershire 's view , been adequately met .

Nevertheless , Seb still found time to improve his learning with Carrie .
[in any case] , seb still found time to improve his learning with carrie .

Nevertheless she said , ‘ Why not give her the benefit of the doubt ?
[in any case] she said , ‘ why not give her the benefit of the doubt ?

Nevertheless , the frown still hovered about his brow , indicating that inner thoughts — or memories — still raised their heads to nag at him .
[in any case] , the frown still hovered about his brow , indicating that inner thoughts — or memories — still raised their heads to nag at him .

Nevertheless , he pulled out a chair for her .
[in any case] , he pulled out a chair for her .

Nevertheless , she prevaricated as she said , ‘ Aunt Bertha has often thought of you — wondering if you 're all right — ’
[in any case] , she prevaricated as she said , ‘ aunt bertha has often thought of you — wondering if you 're all right — ’

‘ Nevertheless , you were still miles away in Hastings , while Lucy was here , right on the spot .
‘ [in any case] , you were still miles away in hastings , while lucy was here , right on the spot .

‘ Nevertheless , she declares she 's taking over as hostess — so obviously it 's time for me to leave .
‘ [in any case] , she declares she 's taking over as hostess — so obviously it 's time for me to leave .

Nevertheless , she was sufficiently alert to give vent to her usual state of ill-humour .
[in any case] , she was sufficiently alert to give vent to her usual state of ill-humour .

In view of the widespread and sometimes ill-founded criticism of the recent franchise round and despite the uniform excellence of the successful tenders , will my right hon. Friend nevertheless consider the possibility of providing a review system so as either to show up ways in which it could be improved in future or to demonstrate that an extremely good job has been done by the Independent Television Commission ?
in view of the widespread and sometimes ill-founded criticism of the recent franchise round and despite the uniform excellence of the successful tenders , will my right hon. friend [in any case] consider the possibility of providing a review system so as either to show up ways in which it could be improved in future or to demonstrate that an extremely good job has been done by the independent television commission ?

Nevertheless , the problem of average teacher costs strikes hard in rural areas that have many small schools .
[in any case] , the problem of average teacher costs strikes hard in rural areas that have many small schools .

The Minister will nevertheless be aware of the real hardship this summer and of the queues at the soup kitchens on the campuses . Does he believe that the loans plus grants system covers the full year or does it cover only the terms after the Christmas and Easter vacations and , if so , what does he recommend to students who can not find work during the summer in the present employment conditions and who had to resort last summer to the soup kitchens ?
the minister will [in any case] be aware of the real hardship this summer and of the queues at the soup kitchens on the campuses . does he believe that the loans plus grants system covers the full year or does it cover only the terms after the christmas and easter vacations and , if so , what does he recommend to students who can not find work during the summer in the present employment conditions and who had to resort last summer to the soup kitchens ?

Nevertheless , being constructive , members of the Union of Construction , Allied Trades and Technicians have published a report entitled ’ Kick-start ’ , which makes various proposals on how to get people back to work and revive the economy .
[in any case] , being constructive , members of the union of construction , allied trades and technicians have published a report entitled ’ kick-start ’ , which makes various proposals on how to get people back to work and revive the economy .

Nevertheless , the average bill , assuming equal use , has been falling .
[in any case] , the average bill , assuming equal use , has been falling .

Nevertheless , local authorities may enforce the law as it stands .
[in any case] , local authorities may enforce the law as it stands .

Will the Minister tell us why the Government insist on making British miners redundant when they work in the most efficient collieries in western Europe ? Can he name any other industry in Britain that is twice as efficient as its west German counterpart , but which , nevertheless , is suffering from job losses ? Finally , why will the Government not allow the extra European funds to be spent in the coalfields to make up for the jobs that have been lost ? Is it not true that the Government want to divert that money to keep down the poll tax in Wandsworth and Westminster ?
will the minister tell us why the government insist on making british miners redundant when they work in the most efficient collieries in western europe ? can he name any other industry in britain that is twice as efficient as its west german counterpart , but which , [in any case] , is suffering from job losses ? finally , why will the government not allow the extra european funds to be spent in the coalfields to make up for the jobs that have been lost ? is it not true that the government want to divert that money to keep down the poll tax in wandsworth and westminster ?

Can my right hon. Friend assure the House , nevertheless , that the validity of the arguments behind ’ Options for Change ’ will be kept under constant review , not least because of the disintegration of the Warsaw pact , followed by the emergence of new power structures within the Soviet Union ?
can my right hon. friend assure the house , [in any case] , that the validity of the arguments behind ’ options for change ’ will be kept under constant review , not least because of the disintegration of the warsaw pact , followed by the emergence of new power structures within the soviet union ?

Nevertheless , heroin is still coming into this country at an increasing rate , and something must be done to control it . In view of the recent ’ Dispatches ’ television programme , has the Minister conducted an inquiry into how the police , Customs and Excise and the security services work together and how they share information with other countries so as to reduce the hard drugs problem that each and every hon. Member sees weekly in his or her constituency ?
[in any case] , heroin is still coming into this country at an increasing rate , and something must be done to control it . in view of the recent ’ dispatches ’ television programme , has the minister conducted an inquiry into how the police , customs and excise and the security services work together and how they share information with other countries so as to reduce the hard drugs problem that each and every hon. member sees weekly in his or her constituency ?

Nevertheless .
[in any case] .

Nevertheless , does the Minister agree that the number of defence jobs in the north-west has gone down from 23,000 in 1985-86 to only 12,000 in 1989-90 , a cut of almost 50 per cent . in only four years ?
[in any case] , does the minister agree that the number of defence jobs in the north-west has gone down from 23,000 in 1985-86 to only 12,000 in 1989-90 , a cut of almost 50 per cent . in only four years ?

Nevertheless , will my right hon .
[in any case] , will my right hon .

Nevertheless instability and other risks remain in Europe and elsewhere , and substantial and effective nuclear and conventional forces will be maintained .
[in any case] instability and other risks remain in europe and elsewhere , and substantial and effective nuclear and conventional forces will be maintained .

Nevertheless , my right hon. Friend is right to point out the role that we can play , where countries come together on issues , whereas on other issues — certainly on major critical and substantial issues — they must retain absolute national sovereignty in the development of their own foreign policies .
[in any case] , my right hon. friend is right to point out the role that we can play , where countries come together on issues , whereas on other issues — certainly on major critical and substantial issues — they must retain absolute national sovereignty in the development of their own foreign policies .

The apologies may be veiled and may take the form of a reversal of previous policies , but they nevertheless constitute the admission of how wrong the Government have been .
the apologies may be veiled and may take the form of a reversal of previous policies , but they [in any case] constitute the admission of how wrong the government have been .

Nevertheless , it is very important that , before we start legislating on the scale that the Opposition advocate , we make very sure that we are doing so on a sound factual basis .
[in any case] , it is very important that , before we start legislating on the scale that the opposition advocate , we make very sure that we are doing so on a sound factual basis .

We are going to boil or drown : that is the basic , crude , but nevertheless simplistic theory upon which we are supposed to legislate .
we are going to boil or drown : that is the basic , crude , but [in any case] simplistic theory upon which we are supposed to legislate .

Nevertheless , there must be a filter , as there is in the criminal courts , to ensure that the appellate system is not overloaded by those who enter Britain from a third safe country to which they can return if they manifestly have no claim to asylum here .
[in any case] , there must be a filter , as there is in the criminal courts , to ensure that the appellate system is not overloaded by those who enter britain from a third safe country to which they can return if they manifestly have no claim to asylum here .

Nevertheless , its greatest threat comes not only from coal imports but from the Labour party .
[in any case] , its greatest threat comes not only from coal imports but from the labour party .

Nevertheless , we continue to be faced with a large empire whose structure is creaking and whose nationalities , after decades of Soviet subjugation and , in some cases , centuries of Russian imperialism , are seeking independence .
[in any case] , we continue to be faced with a large empire whose structure is creaking and whose nationalities , after decades of soviet subjugation and , in some cases , centuries of russian imperialism , are seeking independence .

Nevertheless , many people who might otherwise have gone on to Government employment schemes have been deterred from doing so because of the difficulty in finding jobs as a result of going on those schemes .
[in any case] , many people who might otherwise have gone on to government employment schemes have been deterred from doing so because of the difficulty in finding jobs as a result of going on those schemes .

Nevertheless , she returned to Water Gypsy glowing with the knowledge of success , and was deflated when Fen made no comment on her achievement .
[in any case] , she returned to water gypsy glowing with the knowledge of success , and was deflated when fen made no comment on her achievement .

Surprised by what seemed like a complete change of subject , Robbie nevertheless shook her head .
surprised by what seemed like a complete change of subject , robbie [in any case] shook her head .

But it was a shock , nevertheless , to find that Fen had very unpleasant feet of clay .
but it was a shock , [in any case] , to find that fen had very unpleasant feet of clay .

Almost but not quite convinced now , Robbie nevertheless ran back to her cabin and pulled on her jeans , sweater and shoes , grabbed up the sleeping kitten and ran back to join Fen .
almost but not quite convinced now , robbie [in any case] ran back to her cabin and pulled on her jeans , sweater and shoes , grabbed up the sleeping kitten and ran back to join fen .

Nevertheless the Regulations still apply to such a contract .
[in any case] the regulations still apply to such a contract .

for the construction or extension of a building or other erection on land ( Nevertheless contracts for repairs and improvements are not excepted unless they are secured by a land mortgage ) ,
for the construction or extension of a building or other erection on land ( [in any case] contracts for repairs and improvements are not excepted unless they are secured by a land mortgage ) ,

Nevertheless such a contract may be frustrated at common law .
[in any case] such a contract may be frustrated at common law .

It presumes , although the parties did not anticipate the contract becoming impossible or illegal to perform , that nevertheless , if they had thought about it , they would have stated that further performance was to be excused .
it presumes , although the parties did not anticipate the contract becoming impossible or illegal to perform , that [in any case] , if they had thought about it , they would have stated that further performance was to be excused .

We have already seen that someone with a voidable title can nevertheless transfer to an innocent purchaser a perfect title , provided he does so before his title is avoided .
we have already seen that someone with a voidable title can [in any case] transfer to an innocent purchaser a perfect title , provided he does so before his title is avoided .

The theory behind the sections is that , if an owner of goods agrees to sell them to someone and retains title but nevertheless lets the buyer have possession , that owner must bear the consequences ( i.e .
the theory behind the sections is that , if an owner of goods agrees to sell them to someone and retains title but [in any case] lets the buyer have possession , that owner must bear the consequences ( i.e .

Suppose the buyer examines the goods , discovers a defect but decides nevertheless to buy , taking the view that the defect is one that can be easily remedied .
suppose the buyer examines the goods , discovers a defect but decides [in any case] to buy , taking the view that the defect is one that can be easily remedied .

Nevertheless nothing decided in the case was actually inconsistent with earlier cases .
[in any case] nothing decided in the case was actually inconsistent with earlier cases .

Nevertheless the general approach laid down in Rogers v. Parish ( Scarborough ) Ltd. applies equally to second-hand vehicles Business Applications Specialists Ltd. v. Nationwide Credit Corpn .
[in any case] the general approach laid down in rogers v. parish ( scarborough ) ltd. applies equally to second-hand vehicles business applications specialists ltd. v. nationwide credit corpn .

Although the buyer can not complain under section 15(2) ( c ) of defects which he could reasonably have discovered on an examination of the sample , he may nevertheless have an action under section 14(2) or ( 3 ) above .
although the buyer can not complain under section 15(2) ( c ) of defects which he could reasonably have discovered on an examination of the sample , he may [in any case] have an action under section 14(2) or ( 3 ) above .

Below , in the kitchen , William whined to go out , a gentle , quivering , undemanding sound that meant , nevertheless , a fairly urgent need .
below , in the kitchen , william whined to go out , a gentle , quivering , undemanding sound that meant , [in any case] , a fairly urgent need .

‘ Nevertheless it is not to all tastes .
‘ [in any case] it is not to all tastes .

Nevertheless , [ … ] the monopoly power effects of decisions such as vertical integration and multinational production should not be ignored .
[in any case] , [ … ] the monopoly power effects of decisions such as vertical integration and multinational production should not be ignored .

Nevertheless , there are some fast Braille readers .
[in any case] , there are some fast braille readers .

Nevertheless , there is no empirical evidence that such advertisements employ images which are attractive to the young .
[in any case] , there is no empirical evidence that such advertisements employ images which are attractive to the young .

We are disjointed in ordering , and we laugh not in meant mockery , but nevertheless irritatingly .
we are disjointed in ordering , and we laugh not in meant mockery , but [in any case] irritatingly .

Although all parties may be completely ignorant of the reasons , they nevertheless stand in the queue .
although all parties may be completely ignorant of the reasons , they [in any case] stand in the queue .

Nevertheless , the line was built and opened officially in 1868 and there were plans to extend it to Bala by tunnelling under the mountains .
[in any case] , the line was built and opened officially in 1868 and there were plans to extend it to bala by tunnelling under the mountains .

On the other side of the stone circle , against the wall , a wide bench for sleeping was covered with a thin woollen blanket , and high up on another wall a shelf had been fashioned , hand-made and crooked , but functional nevertheless , and holding an assortment of objects and jars that drew Isabel at once .
on the other side of the stone circle , against the wall , a wide bench for sleeping was covered with a thin woollen blanket , and high up on another wall a shelf had been fashioned , hand-made and crooked , but functional [in any case] , and holding an assortment of objects and jars that drew isabel at once .

The danger might be controlled , beneath the surface , but it was there nevertheless .
the danger might be controlled , beneath the surface , but it was there [in any case] .

Nevertheless , as will be amply demonstrated throughout the remaining chapters in Part 11 , all subject devices must attempt to fulfil both objectives .
[in any case] , as will be amply demonstrated throughout the remaining chapters in part 11 , all subject devices must attempt to fulfil both objectives .

Nevertheless , it is worth reiterating that notation is added to the list of subjects that comprise the schedules of a classification scheme after the subjects to be included and their order have been settled .
[in any case] , it is worth reiterating that notation is added to the list of subjects that comprise the schedules of a classification scheme after the subjects to be included and their order have been settled .

Nevertheless , whatever the basis for the major enumerative schemes , they must be judged for their suitability for application in current libraries and information centres .
[in any case] , whatever the basis for the major enumerative schemes , they must be judged for their suitability for application in current libraries and information centres .

Nevertheless , other libraries do use the scheme .
[in any case] , other libraries do use the scheme .

Nevertheless , some classes contain tables which may be used to extend the classes shown in the main schedules .
[in any case] , some classes contain tables which may be used to extend the classes shown in the main schedules .

Nevertheless , the fact that these general lists can not serve for every application has triggered a search for more consistent approaches to constructing headings , together with the development of special lists of subject headings and thesauri .
[in any case] , the fact that these general lists can not serve for every application has triggered a search for more consistent approaches to constructing headings , together with the development of special lists of subject headings and thesauri .

Nevertheless the controlled versus natural indexing language debate still rages .
[in any case] the controlled versus natural indexing language debate still rages .

Nevertheless , as social movements have developed in modern societies some of them have tended to become more organized , with a formal membership and an administrative staff .
[in any case] , as social movements have developed in modern societies some of them have tended to become more organized , with a formal membership and an administrative staff .

Nevertheless , the gap between movements of this kind ( which have sometimes been called ‘ pre-political ’ ) and modern social movements remains large , for the latter exist on a vastly greater scale , are more directly involved in political conflict , are influenced by more rigorous and elaborate ideologies , and have as a rule a more enduring , less ephemeral , character .
[in any case] , the gap between movements of this kind ( which have sometimes been called ‘ pre-political ’ ) and modern social movements remains large , for the latter exist on a vastly greater scale , are more directly involved in political conflict , are influenced by more rigorous and elaborate ideologies , and have as a rule a more enduring , less ephemeral , character .

In this process a particular economic system or mode of production , a political system or form of the state , and cultural norms , although they undergo a partly autonomous development , are nevertheless connected with each other in such a way as to reproduce a total society .
in this process a particular economic system or mode of production , a political system or form of the state , and cultural norms , although they undergo a partly autonomous development , are [in any case] connected with each other in such a way as to reproduce a total society .

The Russian Revolution , and the revolutions in Central Europe at the end of the First World War , took place after military defeats ; and while in China the revolutionary movement led by the Communist Party was finally victorious in a civil war fought after the defeat of Japan in the Second World War , that victory was nevertheless largely due to the earlier defeat and retreat of the Chinese Nationalist armies in the war with Japan , and to the success of the Communist Party in organizing guerrilla warfare in the Japanese-occupied areas .
the russian revolution , and the revolutions in central europe at the end of the first world war , took place after military defeats ; and while in china the revolutionary movement led by the communist party was finally victorious in a civil war fought after the defeat of japan in the second world war , that victory was [in any case] largely due to the earlier defeat and retreat of the chinese nationalist armies in the war with japan , and to the success of the communist party in organizing guerrilla warfare in the japanese-occupied areas .

Nevertheless , these historical manifestations of class action took many different forms , their effects were diverse , and they were related in various ways to other social movements and groups .
[in any case] , these historical manifestations of class action took many different forms , their effects were diverse , and they were related in various ways to other social movements and groups .

Nevertheless , the forms which nationalism has assumed , and the political regimes that it has brought into existence , are extremely diverse .
[in any case] , the forms which nationalism has assumed , and the political regimes that it has brought into existence , are extremely diverse .

Nevertheless , a distinction should be made — as Gramsci further indicated by adding that ‘ all men do not have the function of intellectuals in society ’ — between this everyday level of political observation and reflection , and the more systematic and rigorous elaboration of ideas about society and politics which constitutes the principal activity of more specialized intellectual groups .
[in any case] , a distinction should be made — as gramsci further indicated by adding that ‘ all men do not have the function of intellectuals in society ’ — between this everyday level of political observation and reflection , and the more systematic and rigorous elaboration of ideas about society and politics which constitutes the principal activity of more specialized intellectual groups .

‘ Nevertheless , we 're talking ownership here , ’ Florian insisted as they turned towards the open door .
‘ [in any case] , we 're talking ownership here , ’ florian insisted as they turned towards the open door .

‘ Nevertheless , you 'll have one , ’ Luke told her inexorably .
‘ [in any case] , you 'll have one , ’ luke told her inexorably .

Nevertheless , she felt compelled to challenge his assumption .
[in any case] , she felt compelled to challenge his assumption .

Abruptly she turned away from him and walked into the apartment 's lounge , not consciously knowing why she did so , but driven by a need to get away from this man and the harshness of his condemnation , which should n't matter to her , because he did n't matter , but which nevertheless called up a churning confusion of resentment and frustration , as well as a new , unnerving hurt .
abruptly she turned away from him and walked into the apartment 's lounge , not consciously knowing why she did so , but driven by a need to get away from this man and the harshness of his condemnation , which should n't matter to her , because he did n't matter , but which [in any case] called up a churning confusion of resentment and frustration , as well as a new , unnerving hurt .

Nevertheless , it awoke an unexpected flood of tenderness towards him in her , because it made him so very human , this man of whom she had once been so deeply in awe and whose power over her still unnerved her when she reflected on the realities of their relationship .
[in any case] , it awoke an unexpected flood of tenderness towards him in her , because it made him so very human , this man of whom she had once been so deeply in awe and whose power over her still unnerved her when she reflected on the realities of their relationship .

Nevertheless , there is a widespread view that much of the benefit accruing from the support of a party are of a strictly financial kind ; this is particularly true of industry lobby support .
[in any case] , there is a widespread view that much of the benefit accruing from the support of a party are of a strictly financial kind ; this is particularly true of industry lobby support .

She might have begun to feel increasingly comfortable in his company , but she knew , nevertheless , she 'd be a fool to trust him .
she might have begun to feel increasingly comfortable in his company , but she knew , [in any case] , she 'd be a fool to trust him .

Hilda , deep in her reading , nevertheless perked up at this and shot a sharp glance in Mr Kronweiser 's direction . ‘ Oh , so there will be two new volumes , will there ? ’
hilda , deep in her reading , [in any case] perked up at this and shot a sharp glance in mr kronweiser 's direction . ‘ oh , so there will be two new volumes , will there ? ’

Viola Machin , nevertheless , seemed impervious to it : she stood in bosomy grief , in a becoming coat of umber shade , dabbing her eyes at the pathetic bits of the service ; Desmond , in a heavy black coat , managed only an insurance agent 's decorous grief ; and Hilary looked as if cheerfulness might keep breaking through — which would probably , after all , be what Hilda would have liked most .
viola machin , [in any case] , seemed impervious to it : she stood in bosomy grief , in a becoming coat of umber shade , dabbing her eyes at the pathetic bits of the service ; desmond , in a heavy black coat , managed only an insurance agent 's decorous grief ; and hilary looked as if cheerfulness might keep breaking through — which would probably , after all , be what hilda would have liked most .

‘ Nevertheless , ’ said the doctor , ‘ that 's what you are . ’
‘ [in any case] , ’ said the doctor , ‘ that 's what you are . ’

They were all written in nineteen thirty-nine or nineteen forty , and though they all concerned Walter Machin and his writing , or the industrial environment in which he lived and had grown up , they nevertheless contrived to be oddly impersonal and unrevealing .
they were all written in nineteen thirty-nine or nineteen forty , and though they all concerned walter machin and his writing , or the industrial environment in which he lived and had grown up , they [in any case] contrived to be oddly impersonal and unrevealing .

The question remains as to whether British policy-makers can fairly argue that by fighting ‘ from within ’ , although they may not have entirely succeeded in limiting the battleground to issues of trade and markets , they have nevertheless ensured that the economic policy itself has pointed in the right direction .
the question remains as to whether british policy-makers can fairly argue that by fighting ‘ from within ’ , although they may not have entirely succeeded in limiting the battleground to issues of trade and markets , they have [in any case] ensured that the economic policy itself has pointed in the right direction .

Nevertheless , the view has prevailed within the Government , and also within the ranks and higher commands of all the Opposition parties , that Britain 's future would be assured by linking herself to the fortunes of another country .
[in any case] , the view has prevailed within the government , and also within the ranks and higher commands of all the opposition parties , that britain 's future would be assured by linking herself to the fortunes of another country .

The first real indication of the mood of the new House came on Wednesday , 3 June 1992 , the day after the Danish ‘ no ’ vote and a few hours after the prime minister had told Parliament that he intended nevertheless to press ahead with the bill ratifying the Maastricht Treaty .
the first real indication of the mood of the new house came on wednesday , 3 june 1992 , the day after the danish ‘ no ’ vote and a few hours after the prime minister had told parliament that he intended [in any case] to press ahead with the bill ratifying the maastricht treaty .

Nevertheless , we soon found that producing a publication of the required length , and assembling a representative group of writers , was no easy task .
[in any case] , we soon found that producing a publication of the required length , and assembling a representative group of writers , was no easy task .

But the ritual was nevertheless a way of protecting the devotional intimacy , whereas the non-liturgical denominations exposed it in a way he would have found offensive .
but the ritual was [in any case] a way of protecting the devotional intimacy , whereas the non-liturgical denominations exposed it in a way he would have found offensive .

To say that this sums up Turkey 's attitude as a whole would nevertheless be untrue .
to say that this sums up turkey 's attitude as a whole would [in any case] be untrue .

Nevertheless , equation ( 3.29 ) ( or something very like it ) has formed the basis of a large number of tests of rational expectations in the foreign exchange market .
[in any case] , equation ( 3.29 ) ( or something very like it ) has formed the basis of a large number of tests of rational expectations in the foreign exchange market .

Government models of the economy have their counterpart in private sector models of the economy which , although not exactly the same , nevertheless exhibit much the same features .
government models of the economy have their counterpart in private sector models of the economy which , although not exactly the same , [in any case] exhibit much the same features .

Nevertheless , he was a man you would n't trust .
[in any case] , he was a man you would n't trust .

Nevertheless , they had some kind of conscience .
[in any case] , they had some kind of conscience .

Nevertheless , they were content to sit , watch and wait .
[in any case] , they were content to sit , watch and wait .

Nevertheless , Dame Agatha 's advice was wise and Corbett felt his temper cool .
[in any case] , dame agatha 's advice was wise and corbett felt his temper cool .

Nevertheless , he liked this good-natured plough boy who knew nothing except horses .
[in any case] , he liked this good-natured plough boy who knew nothing except horses .

Nevertheless , they were in London just before mid-day , following White Cross Street through Cricklegate .
[in any case] , they were in london just before mid-day , following white cross street through cricklegate .

Nevertheless , Maeve 's sharp eyes had missed nothing ; her husband looked exhausted , troubled , and now she felt agitated .
[in any case] , maeve 's sharp eyes had missed nothing ; her husband looked exhausted , troubled , and now she felt agitated .

Nevertheless , she greeted Corbett with pleasure .
[in any case] , she greeted corbett with pleasure .

To put it another way : when the cat is on heat ( which she has n't been since the vet gave her the unkindest cut of all ) , nevertheless when she was , she had very little time for chasing moths hanging unsubtly round the fridge or cuddling up for a neck scratch .
to put it another way : when the cat is on heat ( which she has n't been since the vet gave her the unkindest cut of all ) , [in any case] when she was , she had very little time for chasing moths hanging unsubtly round the fridge or cuddling up for a neck scratch .

Thus the beliefs , or assessments , of the short term players are not revised monotonically , but nevertheless converge to full information on the type , as the long term player 's strategy converges to its limiting levels .
thus the beliefs , or assessments , of the short term players are not revised monotonically , but [in any case] converge to full information on the type , as the long term player 's strategy converges to its limiting levels .

Nevertheless , in the repeated game of incomplete information we have shown that players ' strategies converge to those they employ in the full information game .
[in any case] , in the repeated game of incomplete information we have shown that players ' strategies converge to those they employ in the full information game .

Nevertheless , partially offsetting this latter weakness was the partial employment of one aspect of the truly dynamic strategy — namely , the use of a reservation type sales strategy .
[in any case] , partially offsetting this latter weakness was the partial employment of one aspect of the truly dynamic strategy — namely , the use of a reservation type sales strategy .

Nevertheless , the door was locked , the window casement shut , and Cranston proved to his own satisfaction , as well as his wife 's , that perhaps age had not yet drained the juices of his body .
[in any case] , the door was locked , the window casement shut , and cranston proved to his own satisfaction , as well as his wife 's , that perhaps age had not yet drained the juices of his body .

Nevertheless , she scurried around , putting on her dress and smock whilst muttering how , if other people had left her alone , she would have things ready anyway .
[in any case] , she scurried around , putting on her dress and smock whilst muttering how , if other people had left her alone , she would have things ready anyway .

Nevertheless , an enormous amount of information about a sedimentary deposit may be obtained from systematic examination of the multiple sub-populations of which most are formed .
[in any case] , an enormous amount of information about a sedimentary deposit may be obtained from systematic examination of the multiple sub-populations of which most are formed .

Nevertheless , most investigators remove the salts before subjecting the samples to pipette , hydrometer or Coulter analysis , in all of which some dispersing agent is introduced to ensure separation of individual particles .
[in any case] , most investigators remove the salts before subjecting the samples to pipette , hydrometer or coulter analysis , in all of which some dispersing agent is introduced to ensure separation of individual particles .

Nevertheless , sedimentologists dealing in the lithified materials frequently wish to make statements about the textural characteristics of their rocks .
[in any case] , sedimentologists dealing in the lithified materials frequently wish to make statements about the textural characteristics of their rocks .

Nevertheless , this form of analysis may still merit further exploration .
[in any case] , this form of analysis may still merit further exploration .

Nevertheless , both etched and stained surfaces ( see Chapter 4 ) can be used .
[in any case] , both etched and stained surfaces ( see chapter 4 ) can be used .

Nevertheless , the chair he was sitting in was soft enough and the recorded harpsichord music sufficiently soporific to calm the anxieties and lower the defences of most people .
[in any case] , the chair he was sitting in was soft enough and the recorded harpsichord music sufficiently soporific to calm the anxieties and lower the defences of most people .

Aware of his supper rapidly cooling under his arm , Coffin nevertheless let the conversation go on .
aware of his supper rapidly cooling under his arm , coffin [in any case] let the conversation go on .

Unable to accept again the superstitions he had discarded , nevertheless with time and misfortune he found himself turning back to the three deities who had guided his early life , and helped him through his harsh apprenticeship as a scribe : the reasonable Thoth , ibis-headed , god of the scribes ; Horus , son of Osiris ; and the protector of the hearth , Bes — the little god of his childhood .
unable to accept again the superstitions he had discarded , [in any case] with time and misfortune he found himself turning back to the three deities who had guided his early life , and helped him through his harsh apprenticeship as a scribe : the reasonable thoth , ibis-headed , god of the scribes ; horus , son of osiris ; and the protector of the hearth , bes — the little god of his childhood .

Nevertheless he looked more closely at Iritnefert .
[in any case] he looked more closely at iritnefert .

Although the ceremony itself was a simple one — a private exchange of shared intentions in which the most important formal element was the document which laid down precisely who got what in the case of divorce — it was nevertheless going to be used by both sets of parents as an excuse to throw a party , during which they would vie with each other in largesse , showing off their wealth as well as arranging useful introductions for their unmarried children .
although the ceremony itself was a simple one — a private exchange of shared intentions in which the most important formal element was the document which laid down precisely who got what in the case of divorce — it was [in any case] going to be used by both sets of parents as an excuse to throw a party , during which they would vie with each other in largesse , showing off their wealth as well as arranging useful introductions for their unmarried children .

Nevertheless , the Secretary of State for the Environment is empowered to ‘ charge cap ’ local authorities , either by setting a universal limit or by singling out those authorities whose levels of Community Charge he or she considers excessive .
[in any case] , the secretary of state for the environment is empowered to ‘ charge cap ’ local authorities , either by setting a universal limit or by singling out those authorities whose levels of community charge he or she considers excessive .

Nevertheless , for some giddy moments
[in any case] , for some giddy moments

It nevertheless ruffled
it [in any case] ruffled

Nevertheless the real power of the monarchy in Great Britain declined during the three generations which followed the revolution of 1688–89 .
[in any case] the real power of the monarchy in great britain declined during the three generations which followed the revolution of 1688–89 .

The contrast can not be explained entirely in terms of personalities ; nevertheless the characters of the rulers concerned were of great importance in this connexion .
the contrast can not be explained entirely in terms of personalities ; [in any case] the characters of the rulers concerned were of great importance in this connexion .

Nevertheless in some of the most important European States social status became increasingly the passport to military rank as the century progressed .
[in any case] in some of the most important european states social status became increasingly the passport to military rank as the century progressed .

Nevertheless it was also not a period of stagnation in this respect .
[in any case] it was also not a period of stagnation in this respect .

Nevertheless the scope and importance of these technical changes should not be exaggerated .
[in any case] the scope and importance of these technical changes should not be exaggerated .

Nevertheless the rigidity of the traditional line tactics which dominated most European battlefields in the eighteenth century had been shaken , with important results for the future .
[in any case] the rigidity of the traditional line tactics which dominated most european battlefields in the eighteenth century had been shaken , with important results for the future .

Nevertheless it was the British navy which pioneered the two inventions which did most to increase the efficiency of eighteenth-century men-of-war .
[in any case] it was the british navy which pioneered the two inventions which did most to increase the efficiency of eighteenth-century men-of-war .

Nevertheless the ministry was probably the best and most complete of its kind in Europe .
[in any case] the ministry was probably the best and most complete of its kind in europe .

Nevertheless , she tried to keep her voice cool .
[in any case] , she tried to keep her voice cool .

Although historical events have conspired to seal Russian Formalism off from other intellectual developments in the twentieth century and to give it the character of an isolated and localized phenomenon , it does nevertheless have connections with a variety of more recent theoretical movements .
although historical events have conspired to seal russian formalism off from other intellectual developments in the twentieth century and to give it the character of an isolated and localized phenomenon , it does [in any case] have connections with a variety of more recent theoretical movements .

Although he saw language as the most complex and most characteristic of all systems of expression , it was , in his view , nevertheless analogous in structure and organization to any form of social behaviour .
although he saw language as the most complex and most characteristic of all systems of expression , it was , in his view , [in any case] analogous in structure and organization to any form of social behaviour .

Saussure himself uses the example of polite formulas many of which , as he says , do seem to be ‘ imbued with a certain natural expressiveness ’ , but which are nevertheless entirely based on convention .
saussure himself uses the example of polite formulas many of which , as he says , do seem to be ‘ imbued with a certain natural expressiveness ’ , but which are [in any case] entirely based on convention .

Nevertheless Todorov 's study is interesting for the principle which guides his whole enterprise , and which he sums up in his conclusion .
[in any case] todorov 's study is interesting for the principle which guides his whole enterprise , and which he sums up in his conclusion .

But even though the category is entirely hypothetical , it is nevertheless part of the ‘ table of literature 's possibilities ’ which it is the business of poetics to construct .
but even though the category is entirely hypothetical , it is [in any case] part of the ‘ table of literature 's possibilities ’ which it is the business of poetics to construct .

Nevertheless , he goes on to justify his pursuit of the contradiction by claiming that the instruments provided by literary theory may be refined and transformed through their application to particular texts .
[in any case] , he goes on to justify his pursuit of the contradiction by claiming that the instruments provided by literary theory may be refined and transformed through their application to particular texts .

Even if literary texts were not seen as copies of reality , they were nevertheless regarded as copies of structuralist models .
even if literary texts were not seen as copies of reality , they were [in any case] regarded as copies of structuralist models .

Although Derrida adopts the Saussurean principle of the differential nature of language , he is nevertheless extremely wary of the concept of the sign which in Saussure is an integral part of the differential principle .
although derrida adopts the saussurean principle of the differential nature of language , he is [in any case] extremely wary of the concept of the sign which in saussure is an integral part of the differential principle .

He will , of course , have encountered them in literary rather than in critical texts , but he will nevertheless appreciate the polysemy of a term like différance and not feel uncomfortable without a definition of its proper or primary meaning ( there is none ) .
he will , of course , have encountered them in literary rather than in critical texts , but he will [in any case] appreciate the polysemy of a term like différance and not feel uncomfortable without a definition of its proper or primary meaning ( there is none ) .

‘ How dare you ? ’ she spluttered , finding herself following him nevertheless .
‘ how dare you ? ’ she spluttered , finding herself following him [in any case] .

She had run away , not something in keeping with her character at all , but she had done so nevertheless .
she had run away , not something in keeping with her character at all , but she had done so [in any case] .

’ Nevertheless , she got up and poured two mugs of coffee and sipped hers .
’ [in any case] , she got up and poured two mugs of coffee and sipped hers .

Nevertheless she found herself giving the details of her history to a woman over the telephone who fortunately spoke English , along , she was told , with five other languages .
[in any case] she found herself giving the details of her history to a woman over the telephone who fortunately spoke english , along , she was told , with five other languages .

Nevertheless , from where she was standing , all she could see was the endless succession of days , stretching into infinity , all of them empty and without meaning .
[in any case] , from where she was standing , all she could see was the endless succession of days , stretching into infinity , all of them empty and without meaning .

She studied the room , taking in the luxurious décor , the tasteful old furniture , no doubt the same in every single room and almost certainly not genuine , but impressive nevertheless .
she studied the room , taking in the luxurious décor , the tasteful old furniture , no doubt the same in every single room and almost certainly not genuine , but impressive [in any case] .

Perhaps some teachers and others believe that , nevertheless , such practice is good for the soul !
perhaps some teachers and others believe that , [in any case] , such practice is good for the soul !

Nevertheless , the longer you look , the more the qualities and character of the tomb become apparent and the clearer it is that the architect was not simply trying to imitate the Taj and failing .
[in any case] , the longer you look , the more the qualities and character of the tomb become apparent and the clearer it is that the architect was not simply trying to imitate the taj and failing .

Nevertheless , they retain many of the characteristics of their courtly forebears .
[in any case] , they retain many of the characteristics of their courtly forebears .

Nevertheless they are anxious to appear well dressed .
[in any case] they are anxious to appear well dressed .

Nevertheless Bernier was cautiously appreciative of most aspects of India and was one of the very first apologists for Mughal culture against the growing arrogance of its European visitors .
[in any case] bernier was cautiously appreciative of most aspects of india and was one of the very first apologists for mughal culture against the growing arrogance of its european visitors .

Nevertheless Dara was no indolent voluptuary : he had an enquiring mind and enjoyed the company of sages , Sufis and sannyasin ( wandering ascetics ) .
[in any case] dara was no indolent voluptuary : he had an enquiring mind and enjoyed the company of sages , sufis and sannyasin ( wandering ascetics ) .

Nevertheless , she did put up the money for the construction of Roshanara Bagh , a pleasure garden on the far outskirts of Shahjehanabad .
[in any case] , she did put up the money for the construction of roshanara bagh , a pleasure garden on the far outskirts of shahjehanabad .

Nevertheless , since many astrologers seem to agree that a single phase of the spring moon is the most auspicious of the year , it is quite a normal occurrence for half the year 's weddings to take place within the space of a single fortnight around Holi , the spring festival .
[in any case] , since many astrologers seem to agree that a single phase of the spring moon is the most auspicious of the year , it is quite a normal occurrence for half the year 's weddings to take place within the space of a single fortnight around holi , the spring festival .

Nevertheless , with all the spies at work in the palace , even here secrecy was impossible .
[in any case] , with all the spies at work in the palace , even here secrecy was impossible .

Nevertheless , for all the glitter and gold , Manucci was not overconfident : ‘ The greater number of soldiers that Dara had enlisted were not very warlike ; they were butchers , barbers , blacksmiths , carpenters , tailors and such like .
[in any case] , for all the glitter and gold , manucci was not overconfident : ‘ the greater number of soldiers that dara had enlisted were not very warlike ; they were butchers , barbers , blacksmiths , carpenters , tailors and such like .

One was apt to overlook Bill Lawrence , who nevertheless was there on the spot like all the rest , and able to move even more privately , since he lived alone in the lodge cottage , further along the Silcaster road .
one was apt to overlook bill lawrence , who [in any case] was there on the spot like all the rest , and able to move even more privately , since he lived alone in the lodge cottage , further along the silcaster road .

But the promise in the present case must be taken to be , as in fact it was , express : and the question is , whether that fact will warrant the extension of the promise beyond that which would be implied by law ; and whether the consideration , though insufficient to raise an implied promise , will nevertheless support an express one .
but the promise in the present case must be taken to be , as in fact it was , express : and the question is , whether that fact will warrant the extension of the promise beyond that which would be implied by law ; and whether the consideration , though insufficient to raise an implied promise , will [in any case] support an express one .

The cases in which it has been held that , under certain circumstances , a consideration insufficient to raise an implied promise will nevertheless support an express one , will be found collected and reviewed in the note ( a ) to Wennall v. Adney ( 3 Bos .
the cases in which it has been held that , under certain circumstances , a consideration insufficient to raise an implied promise will [in any case] support an express one , will be found collected and reviewed in the note ( a ) to wennall v. adney ( 3 bos .

Although the wife was in desertion , nevertheless it must be remembered that desertion is never irrevocable .
although the wife was in desertion , [in any case] it must be remembered that desertion is never irrevocable .

Nevertheless , just as ways have somehow to be found of taking on the sexually ( or racially ) abusive language heard in the classroom , so , surely , ways have to be found of taking on sexually ( or racially ) abusive language read out to pupils from class novels .
[in any case] , just as ways have somehow to be found of taking on the sexually ( or racially ) abusive language heard in the classroom , so , surely , ways have to be found of taking on sexually ( or racially ) abusive language read out to pupils from class novels .

Nevertheless , the view that the arts can , and should , be assessed is one that has begun to receive widespread support , with the authors of the Gulbenkian Report stating quite unequivocally the need for schools to provide basic information to parents and employers about :
[in any case] , the view that the arts can , and should , be assessed is one that has begun to receive widespread support , with the authors of the gulbenkian report stating quite unequivocally the need for schools to provide basic information to parents and employers about :

The emergence of Gestalt ‘ wholes ’ ( Bruce and Green , 1985 ) or the application of Gestalt principles , as in David Marr 's work on computer vision ( Marr , 1982 ) , illustrate the kinds of matchings of similar elements which , although operating at a level of pre-awareness , nevertheless result in a conscious recognition of an image 's identity .
the emergence of gestalt ‘ wholes ’ ( bruce and green , 1985 ) or the application of gestalt principles , as in david marr 's work on computer vision ( marr , 1982 ) , illustrate the kinds of matchings of similar elements which , although operating at a level of pre-awareness , [in any case] result in a conscious recognition of an image 's identity .

Although not a young man , there was , nevertheless , nothing stiff or cramped about him .
although not a young man , there was , [in any case] , nothing stiff or cramped about him .

Nevertheless it was out of his own immediate sense of the renewal of life , his very own good news that seemed to match the eternal Good News out of Bethlehem , that Frere spoke to his congregation that Christmas .
[in any case] it was out of his own immediate sense of the renewal of life , his very own good news that seemed to match the eternal good news out of bethlehem , that frere spoke to his congregation that christmas .

Irritated by her presence , Henry had mocked and teased her nevertheless , for he could be quite beastly when the mood took him that way .
irritated by her presence , henry had mocked and teased her [in any case] , for he could be quite beastly when the mood took him that way .

‘ Nevertheless , he wishes you well .
‘ [in any case] , he wishes you well .

Nevertheless , the facts of the case were now plain enough in her spread : Madcap Agnew remained as much alive inside them as did the glorious seventeenth-century adept of the Art .
[in any case] , the facts of the case were now plain enough in her spread : madcap agnew remained as much alive inside them as did the glorious seventeenth-century adept of the art .

Nevertheless , the English landscape is about status and hierarchies , and it is important to get some idea of which places were of greater or lesser importance locally
[in any case] , the english landscape is about status and hierarchies , and it is important to get some idea of which places were of greater or lesser importance locally

Nevertheless , there are usually many changes of direction and odd features which cry out for explanation .
[in any case] , there are usually many changes of direction and odd features which cry out for explanation .

Nevertheless , we can distinguish areas where new land was being taken in and new settlements created .
[in any case] , we can distinguish areas where new land was being taken in and new settlements created .

Nevertheless , some wooded areas were more intensively settled and used as time went on .
[in any case] , some wooded areas were more intensively settled and used as time went on .

Nevertheless , for many late Saxon and medieval settlements , if not earlier ones , it is clearly a factor which influenced the choice of where to settle .
[in any case] , for many late saxon and medieval settlements , if not earlier ones , it is clearly a factor which influenced the choice of where to settle .

in the landscape , but nevertheless for most of today 's settlements the criteria which applied when the settlement originated are no longer relevant .
in the landscape , but [in any case] for most of today 's settlements the criteria which applied when the settlement originated are no longer relevant .

Nevertheless , these apparently simple arrangements belie more complex interrelationships ( Fig .
[in any case] , these apparently simple arrangements belie more complex interrelationships ( fig .

‘ Nevertheless , there are still the GCEs , ’ said Dr Frome .
‘ [in any case] , there are still the gces , ’ said dr frome .

Used as he had been in his youth to the drabs of the garrison towns , the Major nevertheless began courteously to disengage himself .
used as he had been in his youth to the drabs of the garrison towns , the major [in any case] began courteously to disengage himself .

‘ Nevertheless , anyone can take Hilary Frome 's measure .
‘ [in any case] , anyone can take hilary frome 's measure .

‘ Nevertheless , swallow it down you must .
‘ [in any case] , swallow it down you must .

Nevertheless its owner was a worried man .
[in any case] its owner was a worried man .

Nevertheless , he expected assistance from him .
[in any case] , he expected assistance from him .

Nevertheless , he did feel somewhat improved , and he turned to Rose . ‘ You must forgive me , mon ami , but … ’
[in any case] , he did feel somewhat improved , and he turned to rose . ‘ you must forgive me , mon ami , but … ’

Gin , however , whether the Dutch variety or no , was beginning to have distressing results on the ladies in particular , who nevertheless persisted in their belief that it was all right because Mr Dickens had said so .
gin , however , whether the dutch variety or no , was beginning to have distressing results on the ladies in particular , who [in any case] persisted in their belief that it was all right because mr dickens had said so .

The rooms were small , warm and smelt damp , filled with brightly varnished furniture that looked well made but nevertheless home-made .
the rooms were small , warm and smelt damp , filled with brightly varnished furniture that looked well made but [in any case] home-made .

Nevertheless , to raise tribute for Vikings , he did tax , and more than once .
[in any case] , to raise tribute for vikings , he did tax , and more than once .

For it often happens that in such discussions , in order to promote the common good , talk has nevertheless centred on a single individual . ``
for it often happens that in such discussions , in order to promote the common good , talk has [in any case] centred on a single individual . ``

Nevertheless , the church had an institutional existence on other levels .
[in any case] , the church had an institutional existence on other levels .

Nevertheless , the revolt of 830 had transformed Charles 's prospects : the 831 draft-project for the first time gave him hopes of a share of the heartlands of Francia itself .
[in any case] , the revolt of 830 had transformed charles 's prospects : the 831 draft-project for the first time gave him hopes of a share of the heartlands of francia itself .

Nevertheless , Louis 's position was dangerous , for inconclusive talks had failed to secure Lothar 's support , while both Pippin and Louis the German had turned against their father .
[in any case] , louis 's position was dangerous , for inconclusive talks had failed to secure lothar 's support , while both pippin and louis the german had turned against their father .

Nevertheless , Charles , helped by Louis , was victorious . ``
[in any case] , charles , helped by louis , was victorious . ``

Parents , too , particularly when their freedom to choose and change their children 's school is a central tenet of the organization of post-1980 education , will feel less difficulty in understanding a school which is an effective competitor but which nevertheless co-operates with others for the sake of ensuring a wider curriculum .
parents , too , particularly when their freedom to choose and change their children 's school is a central tenet of the organization of post-1980 education , will feel less difficulty in understanding a school which is an effective competitor but which [in any case] co-operates with others for the sake of ensuring a wider curriculum .

To manage education through a partnership requires that those who are untrained and whose views and reactions are unpredictable must be treated nevertheless as full contributors rather than as nominal collaborators .
to manage education through a partnership requires that those who are untrained and whose views and reactions are unpredictable must be treated [in any case] as full contributors rather than as nominal collaborators .

But heads do nevertheless need to say what has to be changed from time to time — and should see the need for change before their colleagues .
but heads do [in any case] need to say what has to be changed from time to time — and should see the need for change before their colleagues .

But the surveys and researches reported by Laws and Dennison showed that while there is admittedly an increasing demand for a primary-school head 's time to meet the requirements of legislation , the heightened expectations of governors and parents and the demand for ever-better presentations and public relations , they nevertheless devote the bulk of their time to brief , fragmented and highly intensive tasks .
but the surveys and researches reported by laws and dennison showed that while there is admittedly an increasing demand for a primary-school head 's time to meet the requirements of legislation , the heightened expectations of governors and parents and the demand for ever-better presentations and public relations , they [in any case] devote the bulk of their time to brief , fragmented and highly intensive tasks .

If , however , a head can not show a personal commitment towards specific but nevertheless broad values , no amount of organizational skill will compensate .
if , however , a head can not show a personal commitment towards specific but [in any case] broad values , no amount of organizational skill will compensate .

If teachers dislike the pseudo-democracy of being consulted after decisions have been taken , if they are irritated by being consulted over matters of little consequence and if they are satisfied that senior staff have the right to make decisions without staff consultation , they nevertheless expect to be consulted about major issues .
if teachers dislike the pseudo-democracy of being consulted after decisions have been taken , if they are irritated by being consulted over matters of little consequence and if they are satisfied that senior staff have the right to make decisions without staff consultation , they [in any case] expect to be consulted about major issues .

Even if these are not services whose impact is deeply felt by teachers and by ancillary staff nevertheless they can enrich the school when they are provided as additional services and they can , if they are absent , narrow a school 's horizons .
even if these are not services whose impact is deeply felt by teachers and by ancillary staff [in any case] they can enrich the school when they are provided as additional services and they can , if they are absent , narrow a school 's horizons .

Complicated though this can be , nevertheless when firm-minded heads , firm-minded teaching staff and firm-minded governors learn how far to go , where to negotiate and when to stop negotiating the ground for curriculum debate and subject planning itself becomes more certain .
complicated though this can be , [in any case] when firm-minded heads , firm-minded teaching staff and firm-minded governors learn how far to go , where to negotiate and when to stop negotiating the ground for curriculum debate and subject planning itself becomes more certain .

Ideally , good management in education is a discreet matter but one in which nevertheless training can be offered .
ideally , good management in education is a discreet matter but one in which [in any case] training can be offered .

In its recommendations the report noted that while some kind of internal evaluation is part of good management practice for all organizations there was nevertheless an absence of external moderation of those evaluations .
in its recommendations the report noted that while some kind of internal evaluation is part of good management practice for all organizations there was [in any case] an absence of external moderation of those evaluations .

If the answer is no , there may be a case for dismissing the attempt to apply to education management some of the models which are drawn from business and industry . If the answer is yes , is that to be taken as part of Rudduck 's message which says that small scale studies are not trivial if they nevertheless provide excitement , confidence and insight ? Or is it that inside all organizations there are , continuously , small discoveries to be made in order to improve what is being done — and that schools do not differ from other organizations ?
if the answer is no , there may be a case for dismissing the attempt to apply to education management some of the models which are drawn from business and industry . if the answer is yes , is that to be taken as part of rudduck 's message which says that small scale studies are not trivial if they [in any case] provide excitement , confidence and insight ? or is it that inside all organizations there are , continuously , small discoveries to be made in order to improve what is being done — and that schools do not differ from other organizations ?

Nevertheless she is a perfectionist and an organiser and her life revolves around lists .
[in any case] she is a perfectionist and an organiser and her life revolves around lists .

Nevertheless , Short was similarly written off before his semi-final match against former world champion Anatoly Karpov but his combative approach produced a stunning victory .
[in any case] , short was similarly written off before his semi-final match against former world champion anatoly karpov but his combative approach produced a stunning victory .

Whilst it could only be considered such with the wisdom of hindsight , it was nevertheless seen at the time as a geographically limited episode of a much wider-ranging struggle .
whilst it could only be considered such with the wisdom of hindsight , it was [in any case] seen at the time as a geographically limited episode of a much wider-ranging struggle .

Nevertheless , the issue was discussed publicly in the winter of 1936 – 37 , when Carlist and Falangist newspapers published articles about it in December 1936 and January 1937 .
[in any case] , the issue was discussed publicly in the winter of 1936 – 37 , when carlist and falangist newspapers published articles about it in december 1936 and january 1937 .

The regime used the fact that it had been `` approved `` in a referendum to prove two apparently contradictory notions , both of which served , nevertheless , to legitimate Franco 's rule .
the regime used the fact that it had been `` approved `` in a referendum to prove two apparently contradictory notions , both of which served , [in any case] , to legitimate franco 's rule .

Partly because , in spite of his professed indifference to the outside world , it nevertheless rankled with Franco that his regime was excluded from all the most important international circles , and he knew that it would continue to be blackballed for as long as it could be accused of denying the Spanish people free choice .
partly because , in spite of his professed indifference to the outside world , it [in any case] rankled with franco that his regime was excluded from all the most important international circles , and he knew that it would continue to be blackballed for as long as it could be accused of denying the spanish people free choice .

Nevertheless , change was imminent from the start of the decade , powered by the twin motors of Spanish economic need and the military interest of the United States .
[in any case] , change was imminent from the start of the decade , powered by the twin motors of spanish economic need and the military interest of the united states .

Nevertheless , the people who voiced such sentiments were `` less bewitched by the magic of the Caudillo `` than the previous generation of regime supporters .
[in any case] , the people who voiced such sentiments were `` less bewitched by the magic of the caudillo `` than the previous generation of regime supporters .

Nevertheless , legislation still required his sanction , and he continued to preside over cabinet meetings .
[in any case] , legislation still required his sanction , and he continued to preside over cabinet meetings .

But it was true , nevertheless he felt such great feelings for this gift from God .
but it was true , [in any case] he felt such great feelings for this gift from god .

He felt it a boring thing he had to do as he would probably rather do something else but nevertheless it had to be done , not to save his reputation but restore his self-respect which he felt he did not have fully if someone was allowed to insult him and get away with it .
he felt it a boring thing he had to do as he would probably rather do something else but [in any case] it had to be done , not to save his reputation but restore his self-respect which he felt he did not have fully if someone was allowed to insult him and get away with it .

He was not an especially major character in the play , but was nevertheless allowed enough of a share of speech to make a character study feasible .
he was not an especially major character in the play , but was [in any case] allowed enough of a share of speech to make a character study feasible .

Conventional weapons have accurate , small strikes , causing minor , but nevertheless , important damage to the target .
conventional weapons have accurate , small strikes , causing minor , but [in any case] , important damage to the target .

[ An ] impairment might not diminish a person 's physical or mental capabilities , but could nevertheless substantially limit that person 's ability to work as a result of the negative reactions of others to the impairment … Congress acknowledged that the society 's accumulated fears about disability and disease are as handicapping as are the physical limitations that flow from actual impairment .
[ an ] impairment might not diminish a person 's physical or mental capabilities , but could [in any case] substantially limit that person 's ability to work as a result of the negative reactions of others to the impairment … congress acknowledged that the society 's accumulated fears about disability and disease are as handicapping as are the physical limitations that flow from actual impairment .

Nevertheless , other lessons from abroad will need to be learnt before any new disability discrimination law can work .
[in any case] , other lessons from abroad will need to be learnt before any new disability discrimination law can work .

Nevertheless , there are several areas which could cause confusion , and these generally relate to the extension to the Commissioner 's remit in section 109 ( 2 ) of the Trade Union and Labour Relations ( Consolidation ) Act 1992 concerning breach of trade union rules .
[in any case] , there are several areas which could cause confusion , and these generally relate to the extension to the commissioner 's remit in section 109 ( 2 ) of the trade union and labour relations ( consolidation ) act 1992 concerning breach of trade union rules .

While it is conceded that this decision is correct , it nevertheless leaves the employee with a difficult evidential task .
while it is conceded that this decision is correct , it [in any case] leaves the employee with a difficult evidential task .

Thus an invention which represents a remarkable advance on the prior art in a particular field may nevertheless fail this requirement because the employer neglects ( or is simply unable ) to market it properly .
thus an invention which represents a remarkable advance on the prior art in a particular field may [in any case] fail this requirement because the employer neglects ( or is simply unable ) to market it properly .

Nevertheless , it is believed that space must be made for the subject to be covered .
[in any case] , it is believed that space must be made for the subject to be covered .

All this would have been unthinkable in the 1930s ; though , as Paul Addison has pointed out , there were signs that a progressivist tide of ‘ middle opinion ’ was rising gently , nevertheless the speed with which these developments occurred after 1940 must be attributed to the peculiar conditions brought about by the war .
all this would have been unthinkable in the 1930s ; though , as paul addison has pointed out , there were signs that a progressivist tide of ‘ middle opinion ’ was rising gently , [in any case] the speed with which these developments occurred after 1940 must be attributed to the peculiar conditions brought about by the war .

Nevertheless , when the first real wave of evacuation took place , on and after 1 September 1939 , it was conducted in an atmosphere of haste and confusion .
[in any case] , when the first real wave of evacuation took place , on and after 1 september 1939 , it was conducted in an atmosphere of haste and confusion .

Arthur Marwick , for example , while agreeing that the evacuation revelations aroused a new sense of social concern ‘ among an articulate few ’ , nevertheless casts doubt upon the idea that it suddenly dispelled middle-class prejudices about there being a feckless and dirty section of the working class .
arthur marwick , for example , while agreeing that the evacuation revelations aroused a new sense of social concern ‘ among an articulate few ’ , [in any case] casts doubt upon the idea that it suddenly dispelled middle-class prejudices about there being a feckless and dirty section of the working class .

Nevertheless , the party contained not a few who disapproved of the caution of the Labour leadership in retaining the electoral truce yet apparently obtaining so few significant concessions in respect of policy from the coalition government . In an article published in America Harold Laski attacked both Attlee and the trade union leadership :
[in any case] , the party contained not a few who disapproved of the caution of the labour leadership in retaining the electoral truce yet apparently obtaining so few significant concessions in respect of policy from the coalition government . in an article published in america harold laski attacked both attlee and the trade union leadership :

Nevertheless the manifesto was in respect of nationalisation little more than an elaboration of the party 's one-term programme as accepted at the 1937 conference , with the addition of iron and steel , which had been included as a concession to a radical resolution proposed by Ian Mikardo at the 1944 conference and carried against the advice of the platform .
[in any case] the manifesto was in respect of nationalisation little more than an elaboration of the party 's one-term programme as accepted at the 1937 conference , with the addition of iron and steel , which had been included as a concession to a radical resolution proposed by ian mikardo at the 1944 conference and carried against the advice of the platform .

Nevertheless , 1993 will see a number of opportunities opening out in both new geographical markets in South East Asia and West Africa and also as a result of our recently introduced Orion satellite positioning system .
[in any case] , 1993 will see a number of opportunities opening out in both new geographical markets in south east asia and west africa and also as a result of our recently introduced orion satellite positioning system .

In the next two sections , we shall draw attention to effects on interpretation and consider informally the basis of the distinction ; in 2.4 and 2.5 we look at the grammatical consequences , and in the remainder of the chapter consider why the distinction may sometimes be hard to appreciate and argue that it is nevertheless quite generally available for the attributive adjectival construction .
in the next two sections , we shall draw attention to effects on interpretation and consider informally the basis of the distinction ; in 2.4 and 2.5 we look at the grammatical consequences , and in the remainder of the chapter consider why the distinction may sometimes be hard to appreciate and argue that it is [in any case] quite generally available for the attributive adjectival construction .

With the benefit of a later viewpoint , aided not least by the opportunity to reflect on Bolinger 's own work , we would suggest that , in most cases , other answers are more appropriate than the ones which he offered at that time ( nevertheless , we return to this article more than once in the chapters which follow ) .
with the benefit of a later viewpoint , aided not least by the opportunity to reflect on bolinger 's own work , we would suggest that , in most cases , other answers are more appropriate than the ones which he offered at that time ( [in any case] , we return to this article more than once in the chapters which follow ) .

Whilst some girls have indicated that they were not , and are still not , particularly interested in pursuing an engineering or science career , nevertheless they have appreciated being made aware of the possibilities and opportunities which are available .
whilst some girls have indicated that they were not , and are still not , particularly interested in pursuing an engineering or science career , [in any case] they have appreciated being made aware of the possibilities and opportunities which are available .

Nevertheless , they were a valuable addition to the services under control of the Commission who continued to operate them both in Leith and in the Firth of Forth .
[in any case] , they were a valuable addition to the services under control of the commission who continued to operate them both in leith and in the firth of forth .

Nevertheless , some general , if brief , discussion of some of the more directly relevant philosophical issues may help clarify matters .
[in any case] , some general , if brief , discussion of some of the more directly relevant philosophical issues may help clarify matters .

Nevertheless , a start needed to be made somewhere to build a cumulative and objective body of knowledge of the relationships between the properties of social phenomena as a prelude to the formulation of substantial theoretical laws .
[in any case] , a start needed to be made somewhere to build a cumulative and objective body of knowledge of the relationships between the properties of social phenomena as a prelude to the formulation of substantial theoretical laws .

Nevertheless , this does not mean that measurement in the social sciences is impossible since , as Lazarsfeld endeavoured to establish , even lower levels of measurement offer a beginning .
[in any case] , this does not mean that measurement in the social sciences is impossible since , as lazarsfeld endeavoured to establish , even lower levels of measurement offer a beginning .

Nevertheless , there may be special reasons why clustering may be a useful technique , such as when an investigator is interested in certain subgroups of the population .
[in any case] , there may be special reasons why clustering may be a useful technique , such as when an investigator is interested in certain subgroups of the population .

Nevertheless , there were criticisms from the left of the party , with the Rev .
[in any case] , there were criticisms from the left of the party , with the rev .

Nevertheless , the veto was widely denounced as politically partisan , on the basis that any overall increase in registration was thought likely to favour the Democratic Party .
[in any case] , the veto was widely denounced as politically partisan , on the basis that any overall increase in registration was thought likely to favour the democratic party .

He said that the Mexican government would nevertheless continue in its effort to suppress the illegal drugs trade , with its own resources .
he said that the mexican government would [in any case] continue in its effort to suppress the illegal drugs trade , with its own resources .

Nevertheless , casualties continued to be inflicted in a conflict which according to available figures had caused about 700 deaths by the end of June .
[in any case] , casualties continued to be inflicted in a conflict which according to available figures had caused about 700 deaths by the end of june .

Nevertheless , the report said that the `` process of establishing the basis for a market economy looked hopeful `` .
[in any case] , the report said that the `` process of establishing the basis for a market economy looked hopeful `` .

Nevertheless , the discussions broke down in acrimony on May 22 after the Japanese delegation raised the issue of a Japanese woman allegedly abducted by North Korean agents 13 years earlier .
[in any case] , the discussions broke down in acrimony on may 22 after the japanese delegation raised the issue of a japanese woman allegedly abducted by north korean agents 13 years earlier .

Nevertheless , the fact that he sought re-election to the legislature was widely interpreted as indicative of a desire to use his influence — he was thought to have maintained an overall majority in the new House — to secure the presidency for his friend and colleague , Vice-President Teatao Teannaki , the elected member for Abiang .
[in any case] , the fact that he sought re-election to the legislature was widely interpreted as indicative of a desire to use his influence — he was thought to have maintained an overall majority in the new house — to secure the presidency for his friend and colleague , vice-president teatao teannaki , the elected member for abiang .

Nevertheless , it came after a series of disagreements with the government over the previous 18 months .
[in any case] , it came after a series of disagreements with the government over the previous 18 months .

Conceding that the widespread use of abortion under the existing legislation was a `` social catastrophe `` , the Democratic Union nevertheless regarded the draft legislation as draconian , and argued that abortion legislation should be reviewed in the context of overhauling social policy and of encouraging greater personal responsibility .
conceding that the widespread use of abortion under the existing legislation was a `` social catastrophe `` , the democratic union [in any case] regarded the draft legislation as draconian , and argued that abortion legislation should be reviewed in the context of overhauling social policy and of encouraging greater personal responsibility .

Nevertheless , until the end of his life Muldoon continued to command a significant degree of support among interventionists within the parliamentary caucus of the National Party , a factor which consistently served to undermine his leadership successors .
[in any case] , until the end of his life muldoon continued to command a significant degree of support among interventionists within the parliamentary caucus of the national party , a factor which consistently served to undermine his leadership successors .

Nasrallah argued that those parties calling for a boycott of the elections had nevertheless in 1982 participated in the presidential elections which , he said , had been held `` under Israeli guns `` .
nasrallah argued that those parties calling for a boycott of the elections had [in any case] in 1982 participated in the presidential elections which , he said , had been held `` under israeli guns `` .

Nevertheless on Jan. 29 the country 's Supreme Court rejected the three appeals .
[in any case] on jan. 29 the country 's supreme court rejected the three appeals .

Nevertheless , Nichols 's allegations received widespread media coverage , and invoked echoes of the 1987 destruction of the candidacy of Gary Hart amid similar allegations [ see p. 35246 ] .
[in any case] , nichols 's allegations received widespread media coverage , and invoked echoes of the 1987 destruction of the candidacy of gary hart amid similar allegations [ see p. 35246 ] .

Nevertheless , the story provoked questions as to Clinton 's honesty and to his possible misuse of influence in appointing Flowers to her current job in return for her silence .
[in any case] , the story provoked questions as to clinton 's honesty and to his possible misuse of influence in appointing flowers to her current job in return for her silence .

Nevertheless , Clinton 's dignified television performance ( seen by an estimated 40 per cent of the electorate ) , together with inconsistencies in some of the claims of Flowers , and the withdrawal of the Nichols lawsuit , appeared to have rescued the Governor 's campaign from the point of destruction .
[in any case] , clinton 's dignified television performance ( seen by an estimated 40 per cent of the electorate ) , together with inconsistencies in some of the claims of flowers , and the withdrawal of the nichols lawsuit , appeared to have rescued the governor 's campaign from the point of destruction .

20972 ; 21310 ] — whilst not explicitly dealing with the issue of comfort women — had nevertheless resolved all matters relating to war reparations .
20972 ; 21310 ] — whilst not explicitly dealing with the issue of comfort women — had [in any case] resolved all matters relating to war reparations .

There was nevertheless a growing realization of the need to create common economic structures .
there was [in any case] a growing realization of the need to create common economic structures .

Nevertheless , he maintained his position and took an increasingly hard line with the protesters , imprisoning for contempt those who were repeatedly arrested for violating the injunction .
[in any case] , he maintained his position and took an increasingly hard line with the protesters , imprisoning for contempt those who were repeatedly arrested for violating the injunction .

Nevertheless , Mike McMonagle , one of the leaders banned from Wichita , claimed that the campaign had `` rejuvenated the pro-life movement nationally `` and had placed Operation Rescue in the mainstream of that movement .
[in any case] , mike mcmonagle , one of the leaders banned from wichita , claimed that the campaign had `` rejuvenated the pro-life movement nationally `` and had placed operation rescue in the mainstream of that movement .

Nevertheless in a statement released on Aug. 23 the United States embassy in Beijing said it was `` deeply disturbed `` by news of the hunger strike , and urged the government to grant an amnesty to all political prisoners .
[in any case] in a statement released on aug. 23 the united states embassy in beijing said it was `` deeply disturbed `` by news of the hunger strike , and urged the government to grant an amnesty to all political prisoners .

On Jan. 6 , as part of a televised speech , he had described the liberation of Palestine as the main objective in the struggle , while reaffirming nevertheless that `` the return of Kuwait to the motherland is a reality `` , that the Iraqi army should prepare for `` the mother of battles `` , and that the war would reach `` every struggler and fighter whose hand can reach out to harm aggressors in the whole world `` ; on Jan. 9 , when an International Islamic Popular Conference opened in Baghdad , he promised that in the event of war the Americans would `` swim in their own blood `` .
on jan. 6 , as part of a televised speech , he had described the liberation of palestine as the main objective in the struggle , while reaffirming [in any case] that `` the return of kuwait to the motherland is a reality `` , that the iraqi army should prepare for `` the mother of battles `` , and that the war would reach `` every struggler and fighter whose hand can reach out to harm aggressors in the whole world `` ; on jan. 9 , when an international islamic popular conference opened in baghdad , he promised that in the event of war the americans would `` swim in their own blood `` .

Nevertheless , more traditional weapons of bombardment were also used — including `` carpet bombing `` by B-52s — and Iraqi sources claimed that the air attacks had resulted in the widespread destruction of non-military targets and considerable loss of life among the civilian population .
[in any case] , more traditional weapons of bombardment were also used — including `` carpet bombing `` by b-52s — and iraqi sources claimed that the air attacks had resulted in the widespread destruction of non-military targets and considerable loss of life among the civilian population .

Nevertheless , the republican parliament was barricaded after the Vilnius killings , and tensions rose in the capital , Tallinn , after two bombs exploded on Jan. 21 at factories which were considered centres of Russian worker resistance to the nationalist government .
[in any case] , the republican parliament was barricaded after the vilnius killings , and tensions rose in the capital , tallinn , after two bombs exploded on jan. 21 at factories which were considered centres of russian worker resistance to the nationalist government .

Slovakia , with a more rural economy which was nevertheless also heavily dependent on its armaments and mining industries , had been particularly badly affected by recession and the collapse of the Soviet market .
slovakia , with a more rural economy which was [in any case] also heavily dependent on its armaments and mining industries , had been particularly badly affected by recession and the collapse of the soviet market .

The lease did guarantee the rights of these Hindu residents to cross Tin Bigha into India , but the transfer had nevertheless generated widespread opposition among local Hindus , and attempts to block it through a series of court cases , until in 1990 the Indian Supreme Court ruled the transfer constitutional .
the lease did guarantee the rights of these hindu residents to cross tin bigha into india , but the transfer had [in any case] generated widespread opposition among local hindus , and attempts to block it through a series of court cases , until in 1990 the indian supreme court ruled the transfer constitutional .

The 35-member faction expelled from the FKgP in February [ see also p. 38777 ] denied involvement , admitting nevertheless their rejection of Torgyan 's leadership .
the 35-member faction expelled from the fkgp in february [ see also p. 38777 ] denied involvement , admitting [in any case] their rejection of torgyan 's leadership .

The administration had nevertheless shifted its stance on the issue of the extension of benefits , recognizing that opinion polls were showing an adverse public response to Bush 's economic stewardship .
the administration had [in any case] shifted its stance on the issue of the extension of benefits , recognizing that opinion polls were showing an adverse public response to bush 's economic stewardship .

Latvia was nevertheless heavily dependent on oil and gas imports .
latvia was [in any case] heavily dependent on oil and gas imports .

The monarch would nevertheless continue to be known as King , regardless of gender .
the monarch would [in any case] continue to be known as king , regardless of gender .

Nevertheless air traffic controllers struck in July , August and December 1990 , and took action in June 1991 .
[in any case] air traffic controllers struck in july , august and december 1990 , and took action in june 1991 .

Liechtenstein 's economic performance during 1990 was less strong in the second half of the year but by the end of the year the number of jobs had nevertheless grown to 19,905 , an increase of 3.2 per cent as compared with 1989 .
liechtenstein 's economic performance during 1990 was less strong in the second half of the year but by the end of the year the number of jobs had [in any case] grown to 19,905 , an increase of 3.2 per cent as compared with 1989 .

In supporting the anti-crisis programme , the pact between the 10 Presidents nevertheless instructed the government to revise downwards some of the drastic retail price rises which it had introduced on April 2 .
in supporting the anti-crisis programme , the pact between the 10 presidents [in any case] instructed the government to revise downwards some of the drastic retail price rises which it had introduced on april 2 .

Nevertheless , commentators assessed that the decision to revise the price rises had been taken in response to the strikes and street protests which they had provoked , notably in the normally conservative and politically tranquil Byelorussia .
[in any case] , commentators assessed that the decision to revise the price rises had been taken in response to the strikes and street protests which they had provoked , notably in the normally conservative and politically tranquil byelorussia .

Apparently ruling out any form of legislative veto for minority groups ( a point on which the government side had long insisted ) , the document was nevertheless seen as containing a notable concession in its acceptance of a bicameral parliamentary system .
apparently ruling out any form of legislative veto for minority groups ( a point on which the government side had long insisted ) , the document was [in any case] seen as containing a notable concession in its acceptance of a bicameral parliamentary system .

Nevertheless , according the Le Monde of April 9 , `` Tokyo seems determined to take on a more important role in Latin America `` .
[in any case] , according the le monde of april 9 , `` tokyo seems determined to take on a more important role in latin america `` .

Of little strategic value , the capture of Khost was nevertheless a major symbolic victory for the rebel forces , and their most significant military success since the Soviet withdrawal in February 1989 .
of little strategic value , the capture of khost was [in any case] a major symbolic victory for the rebel forces , and their most significant military success since the soviet withdrawal in february 1989 .

Nevertheless , the government admitted that most people would be around 30 per cent worse off in real terms .
[in any case] , the government admitted that most people would be around 30 per cent worse off in real terms .

Nevertheless , the Vietnamese people had resolved not to accept any path other than the socialist one .
[in any case] , the vietnamese people had resolved not to accept any path other than the socialist one .

Nevertheless , Muoi was widely regarded as a cautious leader who would be unlikely to speed up the pace of reform .
[in any case] , muoi was widely regarded as a cautious leader who would be unlikely to speed up the pace of reform .

Gore justified his demand on the grounds that the evidence accumulated thus far , albeit fragmentary and largely circumstantial , was , nevertheless , `` compelling `` .
gore justified his demand on the grounds that the evidence accumulated thus far , albeit fragmentary and largely circumstantial , was , [in any case] , `` compelling `` .

The Temple Mount Faithful were prevented from entering the site , but there was nevertheless unrest among the 3,000 or so Arabs congregated there .
the temple mount faithful were prevented from entering the site , but there was [in any case] unrest among the 3,000 or so arabs congregated there .

Nevertheless , the report did criticize the police for not preventing the incident and in particular for not acting on a wide range of warnings that unrest had been planned .
[in any case] , the report did criticize the police for not preventing the incident and in particular for not acting on a wide range of warnings that unrest had been planned .

She said that she would not appear before specially constituted courts , but was nevertheless present for a hearing before a tribunal in Karachi on Sept. 31 , which granted her exemption from future court appearances until after the elections .
she said that she would not appear before specially constituted courts , but was [in any case] present for a hearing before a tribunal in karachi on sept. 31 , which granted her exemption from future court appearances until after the elections .

The measure was nevertheless defeated by 254 votes [ not 362 as given on p. 37704 ] to 179 .
the measure was [in any case] defeated by 254 votes [ not 362 as given on p. 37704 ] to 179 .

Nevertheless , the two sides agreed to hold a further session of talks in Seoul on Dec. 11-14 .
[in any case] , the two sides agreed to hold a further session of talks in seoul on dec. 11-14 .

He nevertheless continued to retain the confidence of de Maizière .
he [in any case] continued to retain the confidence of de maizière .

Nevertheless calls for a congressional inquiry into the October Surprise allegations increased throughout the month as further circumstantial evidence was uncovered .
[in any case] calls for a congressional inquiry into the october surprise allegations increased throughout the month as further circumstantial evidence was uncovered .

Nevertheless , it was widely suspected that Thomas 's race was an important consideration in his nomination , for not only was it politically expedient to maintain a black representative on the Supreme Court , but to have secured confirmation from the Democrat-controlled Senate for a white male conservative would have been almost impossible .
[in any case] , it was widely suspected that thomas 's race was an important consideration in his nomination , for not only was it politically expedient to maintain a black representative on the supreme court , but to have secured confirmation from the democrat-controlled senate for a white male conservative would have been almost impossible .

Although Judge Kama concluded that some of the police and border paramilitary police had acted improperly , he nevertheless said that there were insufficient grounds to bring charges against any members of the security forces .
although judge kama concluded that some of the police and border paramilitary police had acted improperly , he [in any case] said that there were insufficient grounds to bring charges against any members of the security forces .

The need for `` dialogue `` nevertheless became the keynote in pronouncements by Prime Minister Sid-Ahmed Ghozali , and on July 11 he invited all opposition groups to attend a national conference at the end of the month `` to define the framework and forms of dialogue `` .
the need for `` dialogue `` [in any case] became the keynote in pronouncements by prime minister sid-ahmed ghozali , and on july 11 he invited all opposition groups to attend a national conference at the end of the month `` to define the framework and forms of dialogue `` .

Nevertheless , on March 14 Yeltsin conceded that his call to `` declare war `` , and other strong language used in the speech , had been unwise .
[in any case] , on march 14 yeltsin conceded that his call to `` declare war `` , and other strong language used in the speech , had been unwise .

Nevertheless , the House on March 13 rejected four alternative proposals , agreeing o the following day to accept the administration 's compromise plan , in return for which the administration agreed to step up its low-cost housing programme .
[in any case] , the house on march 13 rejected four alternative proposals , agreeing o the following day to accept the administration 's compromise plan , in return for which the administration agreed to step up its low-cost housing programme .

Parliament adjourned on March 7 until March 11 , with President Ramaswamy Venkataraman , having accepted Shekhar 's resignation , nevertheless delaying his decision on whether to call elections .
parliament adjourned on march 7 until march 11 , with president ramaswamy venkataraman , having accepted shekhar 's resignation , [in any case] delaying his decision on whether to call elections .

Accepting that `` if the Slovaks want to live in an independent state , they have the right to do so `` , he said nevertheless that he saw `` no indication `` that a majority of Slovaks wanted to secede , and he urged them to remain within the federation and not to succumb to `` nationalist narrowmindedness `` .
accepting that `` if the slovaks want to live in an independent state , they have the right to do so `` , he said [in any case] that he saw `` no indication `` that a majority of slovaks wanted to secede , and he urged them to remain within the federation and not to succumb to `` nationalist narrowmindedness `` .

On March 8 Labour Minister Norbert Blüm announced the government 's intention to extend by six months ( to end-1991 ) its `` short-time `` policy , whereby employees for whom there was little or no work nevertheless received 70 per cent of their salary rather than be made redundant .
on march 8 labour minister norbert blüm announced the government 's intention to extend by six months ( to end-1991 ) its `` short-time `` policy , whereby employees for whom there was little or no work [in any case] received 70 per cent of their salary rather than be made redundant .

Nevertheless , the destruction wrought by the Iraqi forces on Kuwait 's oilfields and refineries had been devastating and would take years to rectify .
[in any case] , the destruction wrought by the iraqi forces on kuwait 's oilfields and refineries had been devastating and would take years to rectify .

Officially neutral during the war , Jordan had nevertheless been heavily criticized by the West and by some Arab states for its pro-Iraqi stance .
officially neutral during the war , jordan had [in any case] been heavily criticized by the west and by some arab states for its pro-iraqi stance .

Nevertheless , the stock market picked up on Oct. 15 as the suspension of the four went into effect .
[in any case] , the stock market picked up on oct. 15 as the suspension of the four went into effect .

Farmers nevertheless continued their protest outside the government building .
farmers [in any case] continued their protest outside the government building .

Harkin nevertheless won all of the state 's delegates since none of his four main rivals reached 15 per cent .
harkin [in any case] won all of the state 's delegates since none of his four main rivals reached 15 per cent .

Montenegro decided nevertheless to hold a referendum on its future on March 1 .
montenegro decided [in any case] to hold a referendum on its future on march 1 .

Nevertheless , ratification documents on the bilateral ( Russian-Lithuanian ) relations treaty of 1991 were handed over .
[in any case] , ratification documents on the bilateral ( russian-lithuanian ) relations treaty of 1991 were handed over .

Jaelani said that the troops had been responding to `` chaos or riot `` , but nevertheless some officers had been `` emotional `` and their actions were `` beyond the limit of propriety `` and `` exceeded the limit of toleration `` .
jaelani said that the troops had been responding to `` chaos or riot `` , but [in any case] some officers had been `` emotional `` and their actions were `` beyond the limit of propriety `` and `` exceeded the limit of toleration `` .

Nevertheless , efforts to limit incumbency suffered a setback when Washington state voters unexpectedly rejected the term-limit proposal , Initiative 553 [ see p. 38521 ] , after a broad coalition representing labour , women 's groups , teachers and lawyers organized against it .
[in any case] , efforts to limit incumbency suffered a setback when washington state voters unexpectedly rejected the term-limit proposal , initiative 553 [ see p. 38521 ] , after a broad coalition representing labour , women 's groups , teachers and lawyers organized against it .

Nevertheless Edwards , who had failed to win re-election in 1987 because of an unsavoury reputation for alleged corruption as a three-term governor , won the election with 61 per cent of the vote .
[in any case] edwards , who had failed to win re-election in 1987 because of an unsavoury reputation for alleged corruption as a three-term governor , won the election with 61 per cent of the vote .

Nevertheless the rapidly amended `` signing statement `` generated renewed controversy over its declaration that analysis of the legislation , written by the administration and submitted into the legislative record by Senator Robert Dole ( Kansas ) , `` will be treated as the authoritative interpretative guidance `` by all officials in enforcing the law .
[in any case] the rapidly amended `` signing statement `` generated renewed controversy over its declaration that analysis of the legislation , written by the administration and submitted into the legislative record by senator robert dole ( kansas ) , `` will be treated as the authoritative interpretative guidance `` by all officials in enforcing the law .

The Slovak parliament on Nov. 15 passed a resolution approving its presidium 's position , but on Nov. 19 the Slovak government nevertheless voted by 12 to eight to accept the view that the treaty was a basis for discussion , rather than a legal document ; it also agreed to concede further powers to the common state .
the slovak parliament on nov. 15 passed a resolution approving its presidium 's position , but on nov. 19 the slovak government [in any case] voted by 12 to eight to accept the view that the treaty was a basis for discussion , rather than a legal document ; it also agreed to concede further powers to the common state .

Nevertheless , trials of dissidents continued in 1990 and 1991 .
[in any case] , trials of dissidents continued in 1990 and 1991 .

Nevertheless relations with Moscow were not impeded by the bewildering internal developments within the Soviet Union .
[in any case] relations with moscow were not impeded by the bewildering internal developments within the soviet union .

In September 1990 Vietnam appeared to accept in principle the concept of `` involuntary repatriation `` , when it agreed to take back `` economic migrants `` who , `` while not volunteering to return , are nevertheless not opposed to going back `` .
in september 1990 vietnam appeared to accept in principle the concept of `` involuntary repatriation `` , when it agreed to take back `` economic migrants `` who , `` while not volunteering to return , are [in any case] not opposed to going back `` .

Nevertheless , in April 1991 leading separatists met with Chandra Shekhar in Delhi , after which the Prime Minister announced that a large number of Sikh youths imprisoned for minor offences would be released [ see p. 38151 ] .
[in any case] , in april 1991 leading separatists met with chandra shekhar in delhi , after which the prime minister announced that a large number of sikh youths imprisoned for minor offences would be released [ see p. 38151 ] .

Nevertheless , the autonomous region assumed some degree of credibility when , on Oct. 12 , Aquino granted limited executive powers to the Candao government .
[in any case] , the autonomous region assumed some degree of credibility when , on oct. 12 , aquino granted limited executive powers to the candao government .

Throughout 1990 Lee had adopted a conciliatory approach towards relations with the mainland while nevertheless continuing to reject mainland China 's advocacy of the principle of `` one country — two systems `` as a basis for reunification , proposing instead the rival notion of `` one country , two regions `` .
throughout 1990 lee had adopted a conciliatory approach towards relations with the mainland while [in any case] continuing to reject mainland china 's advocacy of the principle of `` one country — two systems `` as a basis for reunification , proposing instead the rival notion of `` one country , two regions `` .

Chatichai had nevertheless made every effort to maintain traditional close relations with China , the principle patron of the Cambodian resistance .
chatichai had [in any case] made every effort to maintain traditional close relations with china , the principle patron of the cambodian resistance .

Up to the time of voting Ratsiraka had not accepted the new conditions of the Constitution ; his federalist supporters nevertheless agreed to participate in the elections .
up to the time of voting ratsiraka had not accepted the new conditions of the constitution ; his federalist supporters [in any case] agreed to participate in the elections .

In an interview on Nov. 18 , Fujimori said that Gen. Palomino apparently had no direct responsibility in the events , but would nevertheless face proceedings in the military courts along with the other alleged conspirators .
in an interview on nov. 18 , fujimori said that gen. palomino apparently had no direct responsibility in the events , but would [in any case] face proceedings in the military courts along with the other alleged conspirators .

Classified by Japanese officials as `` reactor grade `` not `` weapons grade `` , the shipments had nevertheless triggered concern among critics of nuclear proliferation who warned that some countries had fabricated crude nuclear devices from plutonium of the kind Japan was shipping .
classified by japanese officials as `` reactor grade `` not `` weapons grade `` , the shipments had [in any case] triggered concern among critics of nuclear proliferation who warned that some countries had fabricated crude nuclear devices from plutonium of the kind japan was shipping .

Criticized by environmentalists for delayed implementation deadlines , the amendments were nevertheless described by President Bush as `` the most significant air pollution legislation in our nation 's history `` .
criticized by environmentalists for delayed implementation deadlines , the amendments were [in any case] described by president bush as `` the most significant air pollution legislation in our nation 's history `` .

Nevertheless , many on the political left were critical of the occasion and members of the Japanese Communist Party refused to attend .
[in any case] , many on the political left were critical of the occasion and members of the japanese communist party refused to attend .

Nevertheless , Congress was forced to agree to a constitutional referendum in April which threatened to curtail its powers .
[in any case] , congress was forced to agree to a constitutional referendum in april which threatened to curtail its powers .

Nevertheless , there were widespread claims that , despite the government 's officially stated position of neutrality , the authorities had intervened in a variety of ways to support the candidacy of Kim Young Sam .
[in any case] , there were widespread claims that , despite the government 's officially stated position of neutrality , the authorities had intervened in a variety of ways to support the candidacy of kim young sam .

Neo-Nazi attacks nevertheless continued to be reported , including firebomb attacks on refugee hostels , beatings of foreigners and desecrations of Jewish cemeteries .
neo-nazi attacks [in any case] continued to be reported , including firebomb attacks on refugee hostels , beatings of foreigners and desecrations of jewish cemeteries .

Although Buchanan 's share was reduced to 26 per cent , the result was nevertheless interpreted in most quarters as a less than full endorsement of the President .
although buchanan 's share was reduced to 26 per cent , the result was [in any case] interpreted in most quarters as a less than full endorsement of the president .

Nevertheless , Bush 's victory was attenuated by a leading opinion poll which , for the first time ever , showed him marginally behind both Clinton and Tsongas .
[in any case] , bush 's victory was attenuated by a leading opinion poll which , for the first time ever , showed him marginally behind both clinton and tsongas .

Nevertheless , they maintained that the veto would work in their favour during the election campaign by suggesting that the Republicans were more concerned with protecting the interests of upper-income citizens than in providing tax relief for the middle class .
[in any case] , they maintained that the veto would work in their favour during the election campaign by suggesting that the republicans were more concerned with protecting the interests of upper-income citizens than in providing tax relief for the middle class .

Nevertheless , Poll Watch estimated that up to 50 per cent of votes cast throughout Thailand involved an exchange of money , with the figure rising to between 70 and 90 per cent in the Isarn ( North-East Thailand ) .
[in any case] , poll watch estimated that up to 50 per cent of votes cast throughout thailand involved an exchange of money , with the figure rising to between 70 and 90 per cent in the isarn ( north-east thailand ) .

Giving cautious backing to the Dengist campaign , Li nevertheless warned that the maintenance of social and political stability was the `` prerequisite for reform `` , and that the government had to `` be on the watch for any ideological trend towards bourgeois liberalization , … otherwise there will be serious consequences `` .
giving cautious backing to the dengist campaign , li [in any case] warned that the maintenance of social and political stability was the `` prerequisite for reform `` , and that the government had to `` be on the watch for any ideological trend towards bourgeois liberalization , … otherwise there will be serious consequences `` .

The policy of economic rigour and monetary stability , which had kept inflation to around 3 per cent , would nevertheless be maintained .
the policy of economic rigour and monetary stability , which had kept inflation to around 3 per cent , would [in any case] be maintained .

Nevertheless , the report went on , `` agreement still seems a long way off `` .
[in any case] , the report went on , `` agreement still seems a long way off `` .

Nevertheless , news of Saddam 's forthcoming instruction , together with the approach of allied units , led the Iraqi occupying forces to begin abandoning Kuwait City in disarray on the evening of Feb. 25 .
[in any case] , news of saddam 's forthcoming instruction , together with the approach of allied units , led the iraqi occupying forces to begin abandoning kuwait city in disarray on the evening of feb. 25 .

The ceasefire agreement nevertheless appeared to be holding in the corridors , at least up to the final week of February , and there had still been no reports of any serious breaches of the Rome agreement .
the ceasefire agreement [in any case] appeared to be holding in the corridors , at least up to the final week of february , and there had still been no reports of any serious breaches of the rome agreement .

Nevertheless , some 15 people died in campaign-related clashes .
[in any case] , some 15 people died in campaign-related clashes .

Nevertheless , he repeated accusations that the Soviet Union had been the victim of large-scale currency swindles .
[in any case] , he repeated accusations that the soviet union had been the victim of large-scale currency swindles .

The government had dissociated itself from the coalition , but the Islamic and leftist opposition nevertheless capitalized on widespread anti-war feeling .
the government had dissociated itself from the coalition , but the islamic and leftist opposition [in any case] capitalized on widespread anti-war feeling .

Nevertheless it seems that part-time work is popular .
[in any case] it seems that part-time work is popular .

Nevertheless high wastage of student learners and the instability of the nursing workforce combined with projections of an increasingly competitive labour market to force major changes on the profession and its recruitment and retention strategies .
[in any case] high wastage of student learners and the instability of the nursing workforce combined with projections of an increasingly competitive labour market to force major changes on the profession and its recruitment and retention strategies .

Nevertheless for the foreseeable future a considerable proportion of elderly people will require care at specific periods of their lives .
[in any case] for the foreseeable future a considerable proportion of elderly people will require care at specific periods of their lives .

Nevertheless it promises better information to guide patients , guidelines for clinical practice and wiser decisions by policy-makers and purchasers of health care .
[in any case] it promises better information to guide patients , guidelines for clinical practice and wiser decisions by policy-makers and purchasers of health care .

Nevertheless an important principle had been established , that clinical autonomy did not mean an automatic right to use public monies without scrutiny or limits .
[in any case] an important principle had been established , that clinical autonomy did not mean an automatic right to use public monies without scrutiny or limits .

Nevertheless the market for particular services ( such as pathology or transport ) may be contestable .
[in any case] the market for particular services ( such as pathology or transport ) may be contestable .

Nevertheless 68 per cent agreed with the suggestion that if they failed `` in reality this unit will not be allowed to close `` .
[in any case] 68 per cent agreed with the suggestion that if they failed `` in reality this unit will not be allowed to close `` .

Nevertheless the evidence available , partial and fragmentary though it is , suggests that the structural incentives which have been set in place are starting to operate in the way they were intended and present opportunities to make services more responsive to consumers and more appropriate to local needs .
[in any case] the evidence available , partial and fragmentary though it is , suggests that the structural incentives which have been set in place are starting to operate in the way they were intended and present opportunities to make services more responsive to consumers and more appropriate to local needs .

Nevertheless many improvements had been made , much enthusiasm generated and a customer-focus was more apparent ( Centre for the Evaluation of Public Policy and Practice 1991 ) .
[in any case] many improvements had been made , much enthusiasm generated and a customer-focus was more apparent ( centre for the evaluation of public policy and practice 1991 ) .

While history teachers would wish to eschew the more brash sales methods they may nevertheless welcome some guidance on appropriate methods and strategies for promoting their subject .
while history teachers would wish to eschew the more brash sales methods they may [in any case] welcome some guidance on appropriate methods and strategies for promoting their subject .

Nevertheless , though the value of the services themselves diminished , important feudal incidents remained long after 1150 .
[in any case] , though the value of the services themselves diminished , important feudal incidents remained long after 1150 .

Nevertheless , it had serious repercussions on one of the housing stresses of London .
[in any case] , it had serious repercussions on one of the housing stresses of london .

Nevertheless , deregulation only applies to occupation agreements made after 15 January 1989 , and many potential cases are still in the pipeline .
[in any case] , deregulation only applies to occupation agreements made after 15 january 1989 , and many potential cases are still in the pipeline .

Nevertheless , it would be possible for the landlord , when granting consent to the assignment , to impose a condition that the tenant will be liable to guarantee the performance of some or all of the lease covenants by his immediate successor .
[in any case] , it would be possible for the landlord , when granting consent to the assignment , to impose a condition that the tenant will be liable to guarantee the performance of some or all of the lease covenants by his immediate successor .

Nevertheless , Lambie was followed on this point in Hamilton : the cashiers would not have completed the transactions had they known of the forgeries .
[in any case] , lambie was followed on this point in hamilton : the cashiers would not have completed the transactions had they known of the forgeries .

But you will , nevertheless , be expected to be original in the sense of using your own knowledge and independent judgement to argue an original case .
but you will , [in any case] , be expected to be original in the sense of using your own knowledge and independent judgement to argue an original case .

It should be said , nevertheless , that powerful search techniques , across such large databases , will still only contribute effectively to your essay-writing or research if you maintain a clear sense of what you are looking for and why — a guiding principle which is itself independent of the technology .
it should be said , [in any case] , that powerful search techniques , across such large databases , will still only contribute effectively to your essay-writing or research if you maintain a clear sense of what you are looking for and why — a guiding principle which is itself independent of the technology .

Nevertheless , there are no fixed rules about justifying arguments in literary studies .
[in any case] , there are no fixed rules about justifying arguments in literary studies .

Overall , most teachers of essay-writing would say that academic register involves clarity and modern usage , coupled with a degree of formality that nevertheless does not extend into pomposity or technical difficulty .
overall , most teachers of essay-writing would say that academic register involves clarity and modern usage , coupled with a degree of formality that [in any case] does not extend into pomposity or technical difficulty .

Standardisation `` in this context means a restriction imposed on a number of aspects of usage which are nevertheless completely appropriate in other circumstances .
standardisation `` in this context means a restriction imposed on a number of aspects of usage which are [in any case] completely appropriate in other circumstances .

Nevertheless , one problem with using glosses is that you need to decide which terms to gloss ; some terms will have conventional meanings in the genre you are writing in , while other terms — like `` synonymous `` in the above quotation — will be common in non-technical discourse .
[in any case] , one problem with using glosses is that you need to decide which terms to gloss ; some terms will have conventional meanings in the genre you are writing in , while other terms — like `` synonymous `` in the above quotation — will be common in non-technical discourse .

Nevertheless , the rewritten version conforms so closely to the original , with just isolated words changed , that it can not reasonably be called a paraphrase .
[in any case] , the rewritten version conforms so closely to the original , with just isolated words changed , that it can not reasonably be called a paraphrase .

One solution to the problem is to think of the prescribed forms of standard written English as a sort of register : a variety to be used for specific purposes ( including writing coursework essays and exam answers ) which nevertheless may not be a variety that you identify much with , by comparison with the usage of your family and friends .
one solution to the problem is to think of the prescribed forms of standard written english as a sort of register : a variety to be used for specific purposes ( including writing coursework essays and exam answers ) which [in any case] may not be a variety that you identify much with , by comparison with the usage of your family and friends .

Nevertheless , we can assume that when speakers of two different varieties of a language come into contact , some sort of grammatical accommodation takes place .
[in any case] , we can assume that when speakers of two different varieties of a language come into contact , some sort of grammatical accommodation takes place .

Nevertheless , Bell is right in pointing out that style shift and code switching are closely related .
[in any case] , bell is right in pointing out that style shift and code switching are closely related .

Although the excavators have warned that these dates are only a broad indication of that of the complex and segmented line which is this phase of the Danevirke as a whole , they nevertheless believe that in a period of danger from Germany Harald rebuilt the central section , and was also responsible for the first phases of the flanking lines to east and west .
although the excavators have warned that these dates are only a broad indication of that of the complex and segmented line which is this phase of the danevirke as a whole , they [in any case] believe that in a period of danger from germany harald rebuilt the central section , and was also responsible for the first phases of the flanking lines to east and west .

Nevertheless , the story merits further consideration , as other evidence can be connected with it .
[in any case] , the story merits further consideration , as other evidence can be connected with it .

Nevertheless , according to a version of the Annales Cambriæ , Swegen the father of Cnut was shipwrecked in a year which was almost certainly 1012 .
[in any case] , according to a version of the annales cambriæ , swegen the father of cnut was shipwrecked in a year which was almost certainly 1012 .

Nevertheless , that we are often surprised by works such as Offa 's Dyke and Alfred 's fortress system indicates a poor understanding of the world which produced them .
[in any case] , that we are often surprised by works such as offa 's dyke and alfred 's fortress system indicates a poor understanding of the world which produced them .

Nevertheless , he was also building up a store of resentment which might be inconvenient in a crisis .
[in any case] , he was also building up a store of resentment which might be inconvenient in a crisis .

Nevertheless , the policy of buying off the enemy was a long-term failure , and as time passed was surely increasingly viewed as such .
[in any case] , the policy of buying off the enemy was a long-term failure , and as time passed was surely increasingly viewed as such .

If , nevertheless , it is accurate , and Eadric was known as someone unwilling to oppose the Scandinavians , one can speculate that it was because he profited from the raising of tribute by acquiring the lands of defaulters .
if , [in any case] , it is accurate , and eadric was known as someone unwilling to oppose the scandinavians , one can speculate that it was because he profited from the raising of tribute by acquiring the lands of defaulters .

Nevertheless , this , or something similar , is very likely to be what happened .
[in any case] , this , or something similar , is very likely to be what happened .

Nevertheless , skaldic verses are usually taken as authentic works of the poets to whom they are attributed , although their original order is frequently unclear , and manuscript variations sometimes call the correct reading of individual words into question .
[in any case] , skaldic verses are usually taken as authentic works of the poets to whom they are attributed , although their original order is frequently unclear , and manuscript variations sometimes call the correct reading of individual words into question .

When Florence of Worcester draws elements of his account of the battle of Assandun in 1016 from Sallust he is revealing quite a lot about the classical interests of twelfth-century historians , but also raising doubts about his own reliability , and William of Malmesbury , whose methods so often find favour with modern scholars , nevertheless records miracle stories which his critical faculties ought to have led him to doubt , and perhaps did ; and like historians of all periods , William , Florence and their colleagues were at the mercy of the bias and inadequacy of their sources , as well as their own prejudices and errors .
when florence of worcester draws elements of his account of the battle of assandun in 1016 from sallust he is revealing quite a lot about the classical interests of twelfth-century historians , but also raising doubts about his own reliability , and william of malmesbury , whose methods so often find favour with modern scholars , [in any case] records miracle stories which his critical faculties ought to have led him to doubt , and perhaps did ; and like historians of all periods , william , florence and their colleagues were at the mercy of the bias and inadequacy of their sources , as well as their own prejudices and errors .

Nevertheless , the religious state of the country in 1017 was one of some diversity , especially geographically .
[in any case] , the religious state of the country in 1017 was one of some diversity , especially geographically .

Nevertheless , the probability that early in 1023 Thorkell the Tall was willing to accept one of Ælfgifu 's sons in exchange for his own when he and Cnut were reconciled strongly implies that the boy was openly acknowledged by Cnut .
[in any case] , the probability that early in 1023 thorkell the tall was willing to accept one of ælfgifu 's sons in exchange for his own when he and cnut were reconciled strongly implies that the boy was openly acknowledged by cnut .

It is noteworthy that Ælfgifu is not called queen , but that she nevertheless occupies a position next to Emma and before the archbishop of Canterbury .
it is noteworthy that ælfgifu is not called queen , but that she [in any case] occupies a position next to emma and before the archbishop of canterbury .

Nevertheless , the situation was probably of a complexity that can not now be recovered .
[in any case] , the situation was probably of a complexity that can not now be recovered .

Nevertheless , at the risk of confirming suspicions that he was a political reactionary , he scrupulously avoided discussion of internal French politics ( except to criticize Vichy for collaborating with the Germans ) .
[in any case] , at the risk of confirming suspicions that he was a political reactionary , he scrupulously avoided discussion of internal french politics ( except to criticize vichy for collaborating with the germans ) .

Roosevelt might nevertheless have got his way in 1943 , had it not been for developments inside France .
roosevelt might [in any case] have got his way in 1943 , had it not been for developments inside france .

It should nevertheless be noted that the foreign lawyer must satisfy himself or herself that the rules of his or her home bar or law society are not breached in relation to the particular partnership or incorporated practice involved .
it should [in any case] be noted that the foreign lawyer must satisfy himself or herself that the rules of his or her home bar or law society are not breached in relation to the particular partnership or incorporated practice involved .

Its contemporary influence on social policy was nevertheless significant .
its contemporary influence on social policy was [in any case] significant .

Nevertheless the efforts of conservative historians , although they have done much to restore the image of the Church of England after 1830 , have done little to qualify the depiction of the period from the early eighteenth century to that date as a `` phase of prolonged , rapid , and disastrous decline `` .
[in any case] the efforts of conservative historians , although they have done much to restore the image of the church of england after 1830 , have done little to qualify the depiction of the period from the early eighteenth century to that date as a `` phase of prolonged , rapid , and disastrous decline `` .

Nevertheless , Medick 's linking of new forms of recreation to the early period of adjustment to a money wage and to well-noted irregular rhythms of labour offers a more convincing explanation for the commercialisation of working-class leisure than does a simple downward percolation of middle- class forms .
[in any case] , medick 's linking of new forms of recreation to the early period of adjustment to a money wage and to well-noted irregular rhythms of labour offers a more convincing explanation for the commercialisation of working-class leisure than does a simple downward percolation of middle- class forms .

Nevertheless , expression goes beyond the immediate literal form .
[in any case] , expression goes beyond the immediate literal form .

Nevertheless , in a major reversal of policy , the `` look and feel `` test in Whelan v Jaslow has been strongly disapproved of in the United States Court of Appeals , 2nd circuit , in the case of Computer Associates International Inc. v Altai ( 1992 ) .
[in any case] , in a major reversal of policy , the `` look and feel `` test in whelan v jaslow has been strongly disapproved of in the united states court of appeals , 2nd circuit , in the case of computer associates international inc. v altai ( 1992 ) .

Indeed , the user has the most direct link with the finished product and has ultimate control but may , nevertheless , rely to a great extent on the programs and information contained in the database .
indeed , the user has the most direct link with the finished product and has ultimate control but may , [in any case] , rely to a great extent on the programs and information contained in the database .

Nevertheless , the court granted the plaintiff an interlocutory injunction even though the plaintiff had previously engaged in comparative advertising .
[in any case] , the court granted the plaintiff an interlocutory injunction even though the plaintiff had previously engaged in comparative advertising .

Nevertheless , the classification in terms of the legal nature of the transaction is important and the author 's suggested approach is to look at the predominant purpose of the transaction .
[in any case] , the classification in terms of the legal nature of the transaction is important and the author 's suggested approach is to look at the predominant purpose of the transaction .

But , nevertheless , the House of Lords held that a manufacturer who sold food or medicine or the like in containers of a nature that the distributor or ultimate purchasers or consumers could not discover the defect by inspection is under a legal duty to the ultimate purchaser or consumer to take reasonable care that the article is free from defect likely to cause injury to health .
but , [in any case] , the house of lords held that a manufacturer who sold food or medicine or the like in containers of a nature that the distributor or ultimate purchasers or consumers could not discover the defect by inspection is under a legal duty to the ultimate purchaser or consumer to take reasonable care that the article is free from defect likely to cause injury to health .

Nevertheless , the doctrine of fundamental breach may still have some utility when it comes to controlling exclusion clauses in contracts which do not come within the scope of the Unfair Contract Terms Act .
[in any case] , the doctrine of fundamental breach may still have some utility when it comes to controlling exclusion clauses in contracts which do not come within the scope of the unfair contract terms act .

Nevertheless there are many of you that are not going to either !
[in any case] there are many of you that are not going to either !

Nevertheless , such examples provide striking confirmation that there are two possible interceptions , early and late , of the movement denoted by to , two possible ways of thinking to in its uses with the infinitive .
[in any case] , such examples provide striking confirmation that there are two possible interceptions , early and late , of the movement denoted by to , two possible ways of thinking to in its uses with the infinitive .

While it is true to say that the bare infinitive is more frequent in American English — Algeo ( 1988 : 22 ) found that the Brown University Corpus has only 25 per cent usage of to infinitives after help where the Lancaster-Oslo/Bergen Corpus has 73 per cent — this begs the question nevertheless because both the bare and the to infinitives are used on both sides of the Atlantic .
while it is true to say that the bare infinitive is more frequent in american english — algeo ( 1988 : 22 ) found that the brown university corpus has only 25 per cent usage of to infinitives after help where the lancaster-oslo/bergen corpus has 73 per cent — this begs the question [in any case] because both the bare and the to infinitives are used on both sides of the atlantic .

In a diagram : There is a significant distinction in meaning between the two nevertheless , and it accounts for the use of the bare infinitive with the former .
in a diagram : there is a significant distinction in meaning between the two [in any case] , and it accounts for the use of the bare infinitive with the former .

As pointed out above regarding the verbs of perception , nevertheless , the passive is by its very nature resultative .
as pointed out above regarding the verbs of perception , [in any case] , the passive is by its very nature resultative .

In some of these the non-assertive quality of the utterance is fairly easy to perceive nevertheless : ( 66 ) He dared as much have opposed his wife 's whims as he dare have committed high treason .
in some of these the non-assertive quality of the utterance is fairly easy to perceive [in any case] : ( 66 ) he dared as much have opposed his wife 's whims as he dare have committed high treason .

Nevertheless , both types do imply incidence to an actualizer of the infinitive 's event , a fact which poses the problem of the relation between the infinitive and the category of person , which must be explored in order to analyse ( 2 ) — and other uses , such as that in subject function — adequately .
[in any case] , both types do imply incidence to an actualizer of the infinitive 's event , a fact which poses the problem of the relation between the infinitive and the category of person , which must be explored in order to analyse ( 2 ) — and other uses , such as that in subject function — adequately .

This ending is nevertheless an indication that ordinal person is still present in the interior make-up of the English finite verb .
this ending is [in any case] an indication that ordinal person is still present in the interior make-up of the english finite verb .

This sentence can nevertheless be paraphrased by " If someone were to fall , he would unquestionably die " : the to infinitive evokes a hypothetical action here as well , i.e. an action to be avoided .
this sentence can [in any case] be paraphrased by " if someone were to fall , he would unquestionably die " : the to infinitive evokes a hypothetical action here as well , i.e. an action to be avoided .

Nevertheless , the Mediterranean world had found a common language , and with it went a literature which was uniquely open to all sorts of problems , debates and emotions .
[in any case] , the mediterranean world had found a common language , and with it went a literature which was uniquely open to all sorts of problems , debates and emotions .

Nevertheless , the Tivoli was alive .
[in any case] , the tivoli was alive .

Certainly not a habitual drinker , he was nevertheless sitting that night in the darkness with a bottle of whisky , prepared for excess .
certainly not a habitual drinker , he was [in any case] sitting that night in the darkness with a bottle of whisky , prepared for excess .

Nevertheless , it did have important consequences within the scholarly study of antiquity itself .
[in any case] , it did have important consequences within the scholarly study of antiquity itself .

Nevertheless , his allegiance did not suddenly evaporate and by 1869 , on the eve of his departure for Basle , he was still happy to be the central member of a small circle of devotees .
[in any case] , his allegiance did not suddenly evaporate and by 1869 , on the eve of his departure for basle , he was still happy to be the central member of a small circle of devotees .

Nevertheless , there is no doubt that this relationship flourished .
[in any case] , there is no doubt that this relationship flourished .

If the reader was nevertheless left with the feeling that music counted for most , it was partly because the bulk of the long treatise was in fact about music and nothing else .
if the reader was [in any case] left with the feeling that music counted for most , it was partly because the bulk of the long treatise was in fact about music and nothing else .

Nevertheless , he was led by a strong artistic instinct and the personal impact of Socrates himself to create a new art-form related to those he now despised .
[in any case] , he was led by a strong artistic instinct and the personal impact of socrates himself to create a new art-form related to those he now despised .

It sets up an ideal world of nature , which is nevertheless represented as attainable reality ( to use a formula of Schiller 's ) In other words , it is constructed on the false premise that man is archetypally good and naturally artistic ( witness the absurd convention of the eternally virtuous hero forever bursting effortlessly into song ) .
it sets up an ideal world of nature , which is [in any case] represented as attainable reality ( to use a formula of schiller 's ) in other words , it is constructed on the false premise that man is archetypally good and naturally artistic ( witness the absurd convention of the eternally virtuous hero forever bursting effortlessly into song ) .

Nevertheless , in such experiences `` the aesthetic audience `` has been reborn along with tragedy itself .
[in any case] , in such experiences `` the aesthetic audience `` has been reborn along with tragedy itself .

She had clearly by various decree created a force majeure over mineral workings and whilst at the time this would have appeared an admirable standing , nevertheless the monopoly began to serve , in later years , as a disincentive to exploration and development .
she had clearly by various decree created a force majeure over mineral workings and whilst at the time this would have appeared an admirable standing , [in any case] the monopoly began to serve , in later years , as a disincentive to exploration and development .

Nevertheless matters did improve , but Höchstetter 's dreams ended with his death in May 1581 .
[in any case] matters did improve , but höchstetter 's dreams ended with his death in may 1581 .

Nevertheless if the vein deteriorated , then they stood to come out of their term ( usually , but not always , two months ) , with scarcely enough money for food or even owing to the company .
[in any case] if the vein deteriorated , then they stood to come out of their term ( usually , but not always , two months ) , with scarcely enough money for food or even owing to the company .

Nevertheless , Jackson , the estate agent , must have had some misgivings about the way matters were progressing .
[in any case] , jackson , the estate agent , must have had some misgivings about the way matters were progressing .

Nevertheless , despite the apparent well-being of the enterprise , expenses ran high and the failure of a creditor to pay promptly could cause the monthly sheet to indicate a loss if only temporarily .
[in any case] , despite the apparent well-being of the enterprise , expenses ran high and the failure of a creditor to pay promptly could cause the monthly sheet to indicate a loss if only temporarily .

Nevertheless , there are some consequences of early marriages that are common in all countries and may cause the same concern everywhere .
[in any case] , there are some consequences of early marriages that are common in all countries and may cause the same concern everywhere .

Birth order , nevertheless , has an impact upon child mortality that is independent of the mother 's age .
birth order , [in any case] , has an impact upon child mortality that is independent of the mother 's age .

Nevertheless , the most highly automated programme of language teaching is no better than the material it contains ; it is what we put into it that determines the quality of the automation .
[in any case] , the most highly automated programme of language teaching is no better than the material it contains ; it is what we put into it that determines the quality of the automation .

Nevertheless , almost all Americans understand each other , and are generally understood by non-American native English speakers .
[in any case] , almost all americans understand each other , and are generally understood by non-american native english speakers .

Nevertheless , the speaker is able to express himself in a limited fashion .
[in any case] , the speaker is able to express himself in a limited fashion .

But it is nevertheless considered by Brooks ( 1960 ) that generalisations are necessary when a student 's prior training has conditioned him to require to `` know what he is doing `` ( River 1964 ) .
but it is [in any case] considered by brooks ( 1960 ) that generalisations are necessary when a student 's prior training has conditioned him to require to `` know what he is doing `` ( river 1964 ) .

Nevertheless he says that formal grammar was certainly useful as a reaction against older , notional views of grammar .
[in any case] he says that formal grammar was certainly useful as a reaction against older , notional views of grammar .

Nevertheless , it would seem that this was not considered to be a significant proportion .
[in any case] , it would seem that this was not considered to be a significant proportion .

In present systems the level of communication is , nevertheless , limited and superficial .
in present systems the level of communication is , [in any case] , limited and superficial .

Nevertheless we must delight in computers as our processing slaves and we must promote them rapidly to do more and more thinking — stopping short of allowing ourselves to become slaves to them .
[in any case] we must delight in computers as our processing slaves and we must promote them rapidly to do more and more thinking — stopping short of allowing ourselves to become slaves to them .

Nevertheless , there had been some ugly incidents .
[in any case] , there had been some ugly incidents .

Nevertheless , it is an argument that could be used .
[in any case] , it is an argument that could be used .

The details of the composition of a commercial plastic are commonly kept secret but they may nevertheless play a vital part in determining its properties .
the details of the composition of a commercial plastic are commonly kept secret but they may [in any case] play a vital part in determining its properties .

Nevertheless , variceal haemorrhage was the cause of death in almost half the patients who died during their first hospital admission while infection and hepatorenal failure accounted for most of the rest .
[in any case] , variceal haemorrhage was the cause of death in almost half the patients who died during their first hospital admission while infection and hepatorenal failure accounted for most of the rest .

Nevertheless it remains to be varified whether villus height is relevant to the previous dietary history — that is , nitrogen supply quality — and whether it depends on body weight at the time it is measured .
[in any case] it remains to be varified whether villus height is relevant to the previous dietary history — that is , nitrogen supply quality — and whether it depends on body weight at the time it is measured .

Nevertheless , this was only achieved as a consequence of complex and sophisticated technology inappropriate to the management of a common condition for which there are simpler alternative treatments .
[in any case] , this was only achieved as a consequence of complex and sophisticated technology inappropriate to the management of a common condition for which there are simpler alternative treatments .

Nevertheless , microscopic examination of the gall bladder does show significant submucosal disruption ( Cuschieri , personal communication ) .
[in any case] , microscopic examination of the gall bladder does show significant submucosal disruption ( cuschieri , personal communication ) .

Not all cases of Crohn 's disease were identified in the colectomy specimen ; nevertheless we now rarely perform pouch construction at the time of colectomy because of the possibility of unrecognised Crohn 's disease .
not all cases of crohn 's disease were identified in the colectomy specimen ; [in any case] we now rarely perform pouch construction at the time of colectomy because of the possibility of unrecognised crohn 's disease .

Nevertheless some of the patients with an intact pouch have had a relatively satisfactory short term outcome .
[in any case] some of the patients with an intact pouch have had a relatively satisfactory short term outcome .

Nevertheless most are likely at some stage to lose their pouch and in so doing will sacrifice 40 to 50 cm of terminal ileum .
[in any case] most are likely at some stage to lose their pouch and in so doing will sacrifice 40 to 50 cm of terminal ileum .

Nevertheless the absence of recurrence during long term follow up will be required to exclude underlying idiopathic inflammatory bowel disease .
[in any case] the absence of recurrence during long term follow up will be required to exclude underlying idiopathic inflammatory bowel disease .

Reintroduction of food after elemental regimens must nevertheless be undertaken with the greatest of care irrespective of whether or not elimination diets are used .
reintroduction of food after elemental regimens must [in any case] be undertaken with the greatest of care irrespective of whether or not elimination diets are used .

Nevertheless , it is our opinion that clinicians should be familiar with its clinical picture as much is at stake ; the diagnosis is easily missed , which may have far reaching consequences in terms of prognosis .
[in any case] , it is our opinion that clinicians should be familiar with its clinical picture as much is at stake ; the diagnosis is easily missed , which may have far reaching consequences in terms of prognosis .

Nevertheless , it seems that colorectal tumours are unlikely to make a consistently important contribution to circulating plasma gastrin , although raised postprandial gastrin of antral origin may be significant as a mitogenic factor in promoting tumour growth .
[in any case] , it seems that colorectal tumours are unlikely to make a consistently important contribution to circulating plasma gastrin , although raised postprandial gastrin of antral origin may be significant as a mitogenic factor in promoting tumour growth .

Nevertheless , the data suggest that if levels were more accurate they would have been lower in the peptic ulcer group .
[in any case] , the data suggest that if levels were more accurate they would have been lower in the peptic ulcer group .

Nevertheless , inverse correlation has been shown between volatile fatty acids reflecting anaerobic bacterial acitivity and altered mucosal architecture .
[in any case] , inverse correlation has been shown between volatile fatty acids reflecting anaerobic bacterial acitivity and altered mucosal architecture .

Nevertheless , the current finding of a statistically significant greater degree of reticulin collapse in patients who died than in the survivors clearly points out the important prognostic connotation of the severity of histological damage in patients with acute liver failure .
[in any case] , the current finding of a statistically significant greater degree of reticulin collapse in patients who died than in the survivors clearly points out the important prognostic connotation of the severity of histological damage in patients with acute liver failure .

Nevertheless , we propose that the increased concentration of bile acids and increased daily excretion may predispose to the development of polyps .
[in any case] , we propose that the increased concentration of bile acids and increased daily excretion may predispose to the development of polyps .

Nevertheless , it is difficult to compare directly these various studies as there are appreciable differences in the range of cholesterol values found , age and ethnic origins of the patients , methodology , and the case distribution of the populations studied .
[in any case] , it is difficult to compare directly these various studies as there are appreciable differences in the range of cholesterol values found , age and ethnic origins of the patients , methodology , and the case distribution of the populations studied .

Healthy twins from pairs with Crohn 's disease nevertheless showed a marginally raised IgG1 percentage ( 67.4 % ; p= 0.05 ) .
healthy twins from pairs with crohn 's disease [in any case] showed a marginally raised igg1 percentage ( 67.4 % ; p= 0.05 ) .

Nevertheless , Draught Guinness has again outperformed the market , and Kaliber is the clear leader in the no and low alcohol sector with a market share of over 30 per cent .
[in any case] , draught guinness has again outperformed the market , and kaliber is the clear leader in the no and low alcohol sector with a market share of over 30 per cent .

It nevertheless remains , in our view , singularly apt to describe the state of the legal community worldwide today and at the beginning of 1992 .
it [in any case] remains , in our view , singularly apt to describe the state of the legal community worldwide today and at the beginning of 1992 .

She had not acknowledged his cheerful greeting that morning , but had , nevertheless , put the dinner invitation safely away in her bag .
she had not acknowledged his cheerful greeting that morning , but had , [in any case] , put the dinner invitation safely away in her bag .

Nevertheless he was n't bad looking , and she could recall nothing to his disadvantage .
[in any case] he was n't bad looking , and she could recall nothing to his disadvantage .

Nevertheless , some teachers claimed that the appraisal had produced little in the way of changes and some had difficulty in remembering quite what the adviser had proposed at their own feedback session .
[in any case] , some teachers claimed that the appraisal had produced little in the way of changes and some had difficulty in remembering quite what the adviser had proposed at their own feedback session .

Head : ‘ Nevertheless the time will come .
head : ‘ [in any case] the time will come .

Concerns were expressed , nevertheless , notably by one of the teacher unions , about how the information would be used .
concerns were expressed , [in any case] , notably by one of the teacher unions , about how the information would be used .

While the yield to maturity is the single most commonly used measure of yield , it nevertheless has several disadvantages .
while the yield to maturity is the single most commonly used measure of yield , it [in any case] has several disadvantages .

Nevertheless , he appeared to suggest Mrs Thatcher ‘ may well have been ’ open to the charge of stifling dissent in the past .
[in any case] , he appeared to suggest mrs thatcher ‘ may well have been ’ open to the charge of stifling dissent in the past .

People will nevertheless say that the desire is for nothing more than alcohol .
people will [in any case] say that the desire is for nothing more than alcohol .

Nevertheless , just because a lot of objections are received does not automatically mean an application will be refused .
[in any case] , just because a lot of objections are received does not automatically mean an application will be refused .

Nevertheless , Mr Pozsgay did at least emerge from his six-year stint at the head of the ministry as a man who deserved credit for trying .
[in any case] , mr pozsgay did at least emerge from his six-year stint at the head of the ministry as a man who deserved credit for trying .

Nevertheless , species are real things , with real discontinuities between them — at least if we confine ourselves to sexual organisms living in the same place at the same time .
[in any case] , species are real things , with real discontinuities between them — at least if we confine ourselves to sexual organisms living in the same place at the same time .

Nevertheless , evolution may sometimes pass through intermediates of lower fitness .
[in any case] , evolution may sometimes pass through intermediates of lower fitness .

The intervals between Forest Eyres were too long to maintain effective control over such men : nevertheless when the Forest Eyres were held they frequently resulted in the conviction of the foresters of fee of serious misconduct , and in their amercement , forfeiture of office , and even imprisonment .
the intervals between forest eyres were too long to maintain effective control over such men : [in any case] when the forest eyres were held they frequently resulted in the conviction of the foresters of fee of serious misconduct , and in their amercement , forfeiture of office , and even imprisonment .

The regents were nevertheless compelled to accept these verdicts for the time being .
the regents were [in any case] compelled to accept these verdicts for the time being .

But if they nevertheless persist in making that perambulation in the manner aforesaid , we must endure it for the present , and await an opportune time to amend it .
but if they [in any case] persist in making that perambulation in the manner aforesaid , we must endure it for the present , and await an opportune time to amend it .

Nevertheless the Forest fell into the background of national history : there are infrequent glimpses of how it was affected by the general lawlessness and violence of the times .
[in any case] the forest fell into the background of national history : there are infrequent glimpses of how it was affected by the general lawlessness and violence of the times .

Salcey Forest , although ‘ a valuable Property , … the greatest part of it Wood Land , fully planted , and the Soil the most excellent for the Growth of Oak ’ was nevertheless ‘ unproductive to the Proprietor ’ .
salcey forest , although ‘ a valuable property , … the greatest part of it wood land , fully planted , and the soil the most excellent for the growth of oak ’ was [in any case] ‘ unproductive to the proprietor ’ .

Nevertheless controversies continued between the verderers , as protectors of the commoners ' rights , and the officers of the Crown , who wished to enclose and encoppice to promote the growth and sale of timber .
[in any case] controversies continued between the verderers , as protectors of the commoners ' rights , and the officers of the crown , who wished to enclose and encoppice to promote the growth and sale of timber .

Although the most recent writings on Mary have taken us away from the image of pantomime villainess or fairy queen , created in the sixteenth century and revived with such enthusiasm in the eighteenth and thereafter , and provided us instead with a human being of more believable proportions , nevertheless Mary still remains an infinitely more shadowy figure as queen of Scotland than her Stewart predecessors and successors .
although the most recent writings on mary have taken us away from the image of pantomime villainess or fairy queen , created in the sixteenth century and revived with such enthusiasm in the eighteenth and thereafter , and provided us instead with a human being of more believable proportions , [in any case] mary still remains an infinitely more shadowy figure as queen of scotland than her stewart predecessors and successors .

Nevertheless , it was now possible for men to decide their political allegiance for religious reasons ; England could be identified with the Protestant cause .
[in any case] , it was now possible for men to decide their political allegiance for religious reasons ; england could be identified with the protestant cause .

Nevertheless , it was not unimportant .
[in any case] , it was not unimportant .

Nevertheless , that Empire which , as Dryden said , ‘ is no more than power in trust ’ , provoked a world war .
[in any case] , that empire which , as dryden said , ‘ is no more than power in trust ’ , provoked a world war .

Nevertheless , as both Hume and Pascal recognised , a rigorous scepticism does not square with how we go about our daily business .
[in any case] , as both hume and pascal recognised , a rigorous scepticism does not square with how we go about our daily business .

At the war 's end , charity assembled to comfort her for a brief moment and whilst wishing her long life , nevertheless dispersed and never reassembled .
at the war 's end , charity assembled to comfort her for a brief moment and whilst wishing her long life , [in any case] dispersed and never reassembled .

And although the old woman 's premonition was an unhappy one and mention of Daniel caused her an immediate spear of pain , she nevertheless felt purged ; she always felt some elation after being in the company of the story-teller .
and although the old woman 's premonition was an unhappy one and mention of daniel caused her an immediate spear of pain , she [in any case] felt purged ; she always felt some elation after being in the company of the story-teller .

Nevertheless , Paisley was keen to establish a public distinction between these two roles , At an early election meeting in an Orange Hall in the Bannside constituency he arranged to have a friend ask him if Protestant Unionism was just Free Presbyterianism by another name .
[in any case] , paisley was keen to establish a public distinction between these two roles , at an early election meeting in an orange hall in the bannside constituency he arranged to have a friend ask him if protestant unionism was just free presbyterianism by another name .

Nevertheless they were considerably more evangelical at the turn of the century than they are now .
[in any case] they were considerably more evangelical at the turn of the century than they are now .

Nevertheless , the fact that Paisleyism in both its religious and political forms is a reactionary movement which seeks to purify Protestant religion and politics creates a background tension which regularly produces public arguments .
[in any case] , the fact that paisleyism in both its religious and political forms is a reactionary movement which seeks to purify protestant religion and politics creates a background tension which regularly produces public arguments .

Nevertheless , chronic anxiety , in a horse can cause various skin troubles which refuse to clear up with veterinary treatment and antibiotics , but which miraculously disappear when there is a reduction of anxiety . Sometimes the health problem can be very serious :
[in any case] , chronic anxiety , in a horse can cause various skin troubles which refuse to clear up with veterinary treatment and antibiotics , but which miraculously disappear when there is a reduction of anxiety . sometimes the health problem can be very serious :

Nevertheless , it will be a much easier horse to handle , for example to catch , than if it had not had this early contact with people .
[in any case] , it will be a much easier horse to handle , for example to catch , than if it had not had this early contact with people .

Nevertheless , all three can be quite separate and distinct parts of a horse 's temperament .
[in any case] , all three can be quite separate and distinct parts of a horse 's temperament .

Nevertheless , if at a later date someone should wish to cure the horse of such a bad habit they will find it difficult to do so .
[in any case] , if at a later date someone should wish to cure the horse of such a bad habit they will find it difficult to do so .

Before moving on to discuss the process of loss in relation to the death of someone close to us , it is helpful to look at a less significant but nevertheless important and unexpected loss and see our reaction there .
before moving on to discuss the process of loss in relation to the death of someone close to us , it is helpful to look at a less significant but [in any case] important and unexpected loss and see our reaction there .

‘ They have a father , ma'am , ’ Wilson said , gently enough but nevertheless detached from Mrs Browning 's distress , ‘ and each other and will not come to want .
‘ they have a father , ma'am , ’ wilson said , gently enough but [in any case] detached from mrs browning 's distress , ‘ and each other and will not come to want .

And although , as we saw , initial anxieties about another war were largely overcome by easy and painless victories , the start of the war can nevertheless be seen to mark a caesura in the development of the ‘ Hitler myth ’ .
and although , as we saw , initial anxieties about another war were largely overcome by easy and painless victories , the start of the war can [in any case] be seen to mark a caesura in the development of the ‘ hitler myth ’ .

Nevertheless , all this could not completely conceal the tension .
[in any case] , all this could not completely conceal the tension .

The gulf between Hitler 's immense popularity and the generally low standing of the Party had nevertheless if anything widened still further in the first wartime years .
the gulf between hitler 's immense popularity and the generally low standing of the party had [in any case] if anything widened still further in the first wartime years .

Nevertheless , though the currents of genuine popular opinion are now even more difficult to evaluate than they had been earlier , given the intensified persecution from 1942 onwards of even relatively trivial ‘ offences ’ of criticizing the regime or ‘ subverting ’ the wartime ordinances , every sign points towards the growth in this period of a ‘ silent majority ’ increasingly critical of the Nazi regime — even if the criticism was often only obliquely expressed — and ready to blame it for the mounting miseries of the war .
[in any case] , though the currents of genuine popular opinion are now even more difficult to evaluate than they had been earlier , given the intensified persecution from 1942 onwards of even relatively trivial ‘ offences ’ of criticizing the regime or ‘ subverting ’ the wartime ordinances , every sign points towards the growth in this period of a ‘ silent majority ’ increasingly critical of the nazi regime — even if the criticism was often only obliquely expressed — and ready to blame it for the mounting miseries of the war .

Nevertheless , the dominant impression to be gleaned from all the available evidence in this period is that , despite the decisive transformation in the balance of military power and the massive worsening of the mood of the bulk of the German population , the ‘ Hitler myth ’ — though unquestionably starting to crumble and lose its aura of untouchability — still retained much strength and potency .
[in any case] , the dominant impression to be gleaned from all the available evidence in this period is that , despite the decisive transformation in the balance of military power and the massive worsening of the mood of the bulk of the german population , the ‘ hitler myth ’ — though unquestionably starting to crumble and lose its aura of untouchability — still retained much strength and potency .

The Armaments Inspectorate at Nuremberg , commenting on the successful concealment of preparation for the invasion , noted that ‘ the concentration of numerous troops in the eastern areas had allowed speculation to arise that significant events were afoot there , but nevertheless probably the overwhelming proportion of the German people did not think of any warlike confrontation with the Soviet Union ’ .
the armaments inspectorate at nuremberg , commenting on the successful concealment of preparation for the invasion , noted that ‘ the concentration of numerous troops in the eastern areas had allowed speculation to arise that significant events were afoot there , but [in any case] probably the overwhelming proportion of the german people did not think of any warlike confrontation with the soviet union ’ .

Nevertheless , there are clear signs of the continued exemption of Hitler from blame and the belief — as it happens not altogether misplaced in this particular case — that he had had nothing to do with the ‘ action ’ and would disapprove of it .
[in any case] , there are clear signs of the continued exemption of hitler from blame and the belief — as it happens not altogether misplaced in this particular case — that he had had nothing to do with the ‘ action ’ and would disapprove of it .

The striking contrast between Hitler 's deliberate flaunting hints — barbaric , but nevertheless generalized and abstract — of the dire events unfolding in the east and the suppression of ‘ hard ’ information about the actual mechanics of mass murder , mirrors the manner in which Hitler , as the driving force behind genocide , even privately combined massive threats against the Jews with a taboo on the details of extermination .
the striking contrast between hitler 's deliberate flaunting hints — barbaric , but [in any case] generalized and abstract — of the dire events unfolding in the east and the suppression of ‘ hard ’ information about the actual mechanics of mass murder , mirrors the manner in which hitler , as the driving force behind genocide , even privately combined massive threats against the jews with a taboo on the details of extermination .

There are , nevertheless , sufficient indications to suggest that attitudes towards the Jews hardened during the war , and that among those Party members and others who shared radical Nazi views on the ‘ Jewish Question ’ , Hitler 's pronouncements were welcomed as endorsement of the most ruthless destruction of the ‘ racial enemy ’ .
there are , [in any case] , sufficient indications to suggest that attitudes towards the jews hardened during the war , and that among those party members and others who shared radical nazi views on the ‘ jewish question ’ , hitler 's pronouncements were welcomed as endorsement of the most ruthless destruction of the ‘ racial enemy ’ .

This was , for example , undoubtedly the effect of the plebiscites staged in 1933 , 1934 , 1936 , and 1938 , in which the massive acclamation , though the product of intense propaganda and coercion and obviously in no sense a true reflection of the state of opinion , nevertheless reflected genuine widespread approval and admiration for Hitler 's accomplishments and persuaded waverers to fall in line .
this was , for example , undoubtedly the effect of the plebiscites staged in 1933 , 1934 , 1936 , and 1938 , in which the massive acclamation , though the product of intense propaganda and coercion and obviously in no sense a true reflection of the state of opinion , [in any case] reflected genuine widespread approval and admiration for hitler 's accomplishments and persuaded waverers to fall in line .

Nevertheless , the formation of the canon of writings did not mean that the living tradition of the teaching Church was downgraded .
[in any case] , the formation of the canon of writings did not mean that the living tradition of the teaching church was downgraded .

Nevertheless , both Origen and Augustine could also presuppose the first view of inspiration .
[in any case] , both origen and augustine could also presuppose the first view of inspiration .

Nevertheless it is instructive that the Christians of the ‘ great church ’ ( as a pagan writer , Celsus , called it c. 177–80 ) thought in this way about unity in diversity .
[in any case] it is instructive that the christians of the ‘ great church ’ ( as a pagan writer , celsus , called it c. 177–80 ) thought in this way about unity in diversity .

Nevertheless , he was certainly a learned man .
[in any case] , he was certainly a learned man .

Nevertheless he was fond of Kylie and still wanted to have an evening out if they could manage it despite the attention of the ever-present photographers .
[in any case] he was fond of kylie and still wanted to have an evening out if they could manage it despite the attention of the ever-present photographers .

Nevertheless , the O'Rourke of the day offered hospitality and refuge to Captain Francisco de Cuellar and his crew , survivors of the wrecked galleon San Pedro .
[in any case] , the o'rourke of the day offered hospitality and refuge to captain francisco de cuellar and his crew , survivors of the wrecked galleon san pedro .

Nevertheless you also feel pressure on you to go back to the old ways .
[in any case] you also feel pressure on you to go back to the old ways .

Nevertheless , quantities of food will need to be adjusted in order to achieve the desired weight goals .
[in any case] , quantities of food will need to be adjusted in order to achieve the desired weight goals .

Nevertheless , he felt uneasy .
[in any case] , he felt uneasy .

Nevertheless people could listen to Egyptian , Syrian , Lebanese musicians , and the political speeches of Colonel Qaddafi were available cheaply .
[in any case] people could listen to egyptian , syrian , lebanese musicians , and the political speeches of colonel qaddafi were available cheaply .

People were nevertheless quick to identify an interested argument and they did not feel disagreements less keenly because they understated them .
people were [in any case] quick to identify an interested argument and they did not feel disagreements less keenly because they understated them .

Nevertheless Salah 's achievement was the result of a complex exercise in oasis politics : first , he had to establish the general principle that women are worthy of education .
[in any case] salah 's achievement was the result of a complex exercise in oasis politics : first , he had to establish the general principle that women are worthy of education .

Nevertheless they also took care to ensure that no one made himself vulnerable , no one put himself at risk by careless speech in public assembly .
[in any case] they also took care to ensure that no one made himself vulnerable , no one put himself at risk by careless speech in public assembly .

The number of peoples in the world who knew of these advantages and nevertheless persisted in rejecting them were few : to do so required a tenacity of purpose , an indifference to wealth and comfort which were not given to many .
the number of peoples in the world who knew of these advantages and [in any case] persisted in rejecting them were few : to do so required a tenacity of purpose , an indifference to wealth and comfort which were not given to many .

Nevertheless , most people who made history , or who instructed juniors how to make it , were concerned with a restricted genealogical range ; so knowledge took on a segmentary , even oppositional character : genealogies varied , for instance , from reciter to reciter and from audience to audience .
[in any case] , most people who made history , or who instructed juniors how to make it , were concerned with a restricted genealogical range ; so knowledge took on a segmentary , even oppositional character : genealogies varied , for instance , from reciter to reciter and from audience to audience .

Nevertheless , if Qaddafi shows himself limited by this commonplace either-or , he has a decided advantage over West European or American anti-statesmen , who are generally at a loss to say how a society with only families will organize itself : what is to make the linkages among families ?
[in any case] , if qaddafi shows himself limited by this commonplace either-or , he has a decided advantage over west european or american anti-statesmen , who are generally at a loss to say how a society with only families will organize itself : what is to make the linkages among families ?

Nevertheless , marriage within a group surely reinforces the unity of the group , contributing to its total development in harmony with the social factor .
[in any case] , marriage within a group surely reinforces the unity of the group , contributing to its total development in harmony with the social factor .

The Zuwaya usually achieved a practical synthesis , but it was nevertheless a synthesis which kept the seeds of contestation alive .
the zuwaya usually achieved a practical synthesis , but it was [in any case] a synthesis which kept the seeds of contestation alive .

Nevertheless , Libyans in Kufra and Ajdabiya resented the government 's attempts to secure social justice by altering the permitted range of economic activities , by changing the rules of participation in production and by introducing quantitative limits into the notion of property .
[in any case] , libyans in kufra and ajdabiya resented the government 's attempts to secure social justice by altering the permitted range of economic activities , by changing the rules of participation in production and by introducing quantitative limits into the notion of property .

Nevertheless there were some curious aspects to Kufran and Ajdabiyan resentment .
[in any case] there were some curious aspects to kufran and ajdabiyan resentment .

Nevertheless , the new wealth was subject to some control through institutions which were central to the image of Arab government ( household , lineage ) even if the wider groupings were likely eventually to break down under the pressures of differentiation .
[in any case] , the new wealth was subject to some control through institutions which were central to the image of arab government ( household , lineage ) even if the wider groupings were likely eventually to break down under the pressures of differentiation .

Nevertheless , Zambia slouched into hir showercub as if going to relieve hirself , only partially closing the door .
[in any case] , zambia slouched into hir showercub as if going to relieve hirself , only partially closing the door .

Nevertheless , rightfully or not , Zambia had come to mean trouble to Leila .
[in any case] , rightfully or not , zambia had come to mean trouble to leila .

He was writing it afresh , there and then , word for word , but the words , although they were identical to the familiar text , were nevertheless new words , words that had not been made before .
he was writing it afresh , there and then , word for word , but the words , although they were identical to the familiar text , were [in any case] new words , words that had not been made before .

Nevertheless .
[in any case] .

The soft , tight band strapped around her arm was nevertheless a comfort , as the pointer pushing up the dial , achieving a number , was a comfort , too , for now something was being done , someone would give her treatment to ward off the attacks of death .
the soft , tight band strapped around her arm was [in any case] a comfort , as the pointer pushing up the dial , achieving a number , was a comfort , too , for now something was being done , someone would give her treatment to ward off the attacks of death .

‘ He is not a clever man , ’ her friend said and Dorothea recalled that she had said it before , anxiously , determined that Dorothea should understand but , nevertheless , accept .
‘ he is not a clever man , ’ her friend said and dorothea recalled that she had said it before , anxiously , determined that dorothea should understand but , [in any case] , accept .

And now , she thought , how is it that my world has shrunk to this one room , which is , in truth , rather a nice room , exceptionally light and airy and quiet , but nevertheless a room , one room , instead of acres and miles and countries , of a world .
and now , she thought , how is it that my world has shrunk to this one room , which is , in truth , rather a nice room , exceptionally light and airy and quiet , but [in any case] a room , one room , instead of acres and miles and countries , of a world .

Having acquired a wife , Tigy , in 1923 , he claimed he was nevertheless ‘ obliged ’ to have sex with four other women every day .
having acquired a wife , tigy , in 1923 , he claimed he was [in any case] ‘ obliged ’ to have sex with four other women every day .

Nevertheless , the heart of the book is the discussion of the three great operas with librettos by da Ponte — Don Giovanni , Le Nozze di Figaro and Cosi fan tutte — and Die Zauberflote .
[in any case] , the heart of the book is the discussion of the three great operas with librettos by da ponte — don giovanni , le nozze di figaro and cosi fan tutte — and die zauberflote .

Nevertheless , we felt we were missing something , that we were excluded from a wider world .
[in any case] , we felt we were missing something , that we were excluded from a wider world .

Nevertheless , many argued that , once again , Mr Yeltsin was not seen to be taking charge when most needed .
[in any case] , many argued that , once again , mr yeltsin was not seen to be taking charge when most needed .

Nevertheless an heroic effort is being made to lick Expo into shape before Easter Monday .
[in any case] an heroic effort is being made to lick expo into shape before easter monday .

Nevertheless , they carved out a 5.7 per cent share of the overall vote .
[in any case] , they carved out a 5.7 per cent share of the overall vote .

Nevertheless Faldo looked as if he could be in the hunt after all with his total of 211 for the 54 holes with Bernhard Langer and Corey Pavin .
[in any case] faldo looked as if he could be in the hunt after all with his total of 211 for the 54 holes with bernhard langer and corey pavin .

Nevertheless , he is currently working with his mother on outlines for two documentaries , one on the psychology of dance and another on the pre-Christian origins of Christmas .
[in any case] , he is currently working with his mother on outlines for two documentaries , one on the psychology of dance and another on the pre-christian origins of christmas .

( Nevertheless , the Shell poll showed that preconceptions linger : 85 per cent of motorists questioned thought diesel is noisy , 70 per cent thought it was smoky , and 64 per cent that it was smelly ) .
( [in any case] , the shell poll showed that preconceptions linger : 85 per cent of motorists questioned thought diesel is noisy , 70 per cent thought it was smoky , and 64 per cent that it was smelly ) .

Nevertheless , he forsees that over the next two years there may be problems as fleets dispose of the diesels acquired during the last oil-burner boom .
[in any case] , he forsees that over the next two years there may be problems as fleets dispose of the diesels acquired during the last oil-burner boom .

Not quite the same as Ed Moses breaking the 400 metres best while running over hurdles , maybe , but quite an achievement nevertheless .
not quite the same as ed moses breaking the 400 metres best while running over hurdles , maybe , but quite an achievement [in any case] .

Far from being a sloppier form of boxing , American wrestling is a discipline nevertheless .
far from being a sloppier form of boxing , american wrestling is a discipline [in any case] .

Nevertheless , possession is a fact which has an enormous legal significance , a fact to which legal rights are attached .
[in any case] , possession is a fact which has an enormous legal significance , a fact to which legal rights are attached .

Nevertheless , in their aftermaths , Britain 's voice was undoubtedly strengthened in world affairs .
[in any case] , in their aftermaths , britain 's voice was undoubtedly strengthened in world affairs .

Nevertheless , it seems to have had some effect on Sandys .
[in any case] , it seems to have had some effect on sandys .

Nevertheless , Macmillan had no objection to experimental steps being taken in that direction .
[in any case] , macmillan had no objection to experimental steps being taken in that direction .

Nevertheless , there was general agreement on all sides that Sandys had overstepped the line between sensible and imprudent change , and that it was time to shift the emphasis away from the nuclear end of the spectrum of War and back to a more balanced , central position .
[in any case] , there was general agreement on all sides that sandys had overstepped the line between sensible and imprudent change , and that it was time to shift the emphasis away from the nuclear end of the spectrum of war and back to a more balanced , central position .

Nevertheless , it provided Harold Watkinson with just the precedent that he needed to swing the pendulum back into the centre of the spectrum of war .
[in any case] , it provided harold watkinson with just the precedent that he needed to swing the pendulum back into the centre of the spectrum of war .

Nevertheless , the rewards were poor .
[in any case] , the rewards were poor .

Nevertheless , Michael Bailey believes that this could be the beginning of the end of Asian drive fisheries , and that by working with people , with an understanding of their culture and needs , cooperation can result .
[in any case] , michael bailey believes that this could be the beginning of the end of asian drive fisheries , and that by working with people , with an understanding of their culture and needs , cooperation can result .

Official figures do not usually include animals that escape or are released from the nets but have nevertheless been mortally wounded .
official figures do not usually include animals that escape or are released from the nets but have [in any case] been mortally wounded .

Nevertheless , the Macnow-inspired video did a sufficiently good job of muddying the waters to give the Japanese some hope of diverting the main thrust of the US/New Zealand resolution .
[in any case] , the macnow-inspired video did a sufficiently good job of muddying the waters to give the japanese some hope of diverting the main thrust of the us/new zealand resolution .

Ironically , tour operators are strictly forbidden from seeking out belugas , because they are an endangered species , but the beluga has nevertheless become a powerful symbol of ecological neglect for those who have experienced the 3-hour cruises , complete with detailed lectures about the animal 's plight .
ironically , tour operators are strictly forbidden from seeking out belugas , because they are an endangered species , but the beluga has [in any case] become a powerful symbol of ecological neglect for those who have experienced the 3-hour cruises , complete with detailed lectures about the animal 's plight .

Trinidadians , disgusted by their violence ( they captured Mr Robinson and shot him in the leg ) , nevertheless reckoned that poor people had a lot to grumble about , as the government slashed away at public spending to rectify past extravagance .
trinidadians , disgusted by their violence ( they captured mr robinson and shot him in the leg ) , [in any case] reckoned that poor people had a lot to grumble about , as the government slashed away at public spending to rectify past extravagance .

Nevertheless , property folk may be tempted by eastern promise if markets in western Germany start to cool .
[in any case] , property folk may be tempted by eastern promise if markets in western germany start to cool .

Nevertheless , Paul is saying that Jesus ' death affected him so profoundly that by standing in his shadow he is forgiven and justified .
[in any case] , paul is saying that jesus ' death affected him so profoundly that by standing in his shadow he is forgiven and justified .

Though true science , or ratiocinative knowledge , differs from experiential knowledge , it nevertheless begins with it .
though true science , or ratiocinative knowledge , differs from experiential knowledge , it [in any case] begins with it .

But though desire determines actions in this way , there nevertheless is , argues Hobbes , a sense in which we can be free .
but though desire determines actions in this way , there [in any case] is , argues hobbes , a sense in which we can be free .

Nevertheless , even though having angles equal to two right angles is not part of a triangle 's essence , it is because it is a three-sided plane figure that it has them .
[in any case] , even though having angles equal to two right angles is not part of a triangle 's essence , it is because it is a three-sided plane figure that it has them .

Perhaps it is not as useless as Aristotelian logic and can lead , if not to knowledge of necessary causes and natures , then to something worthwhile nevertheless .
perhaps it is not as useless as aristotelian logic and can lead , if not to knowledge of necessary causes and natures , then to something worthwhile [in any case] .

He hopes to show that , although we can not know quite what the former say we can , nevertheless we can still know more than the latter allow .
he hopes to show that , although we can not know quite what the former say we can , [in any case] we can still know more than the latter allow .

Unlike temporarily hidden things , these can not ‘ become evident by their own nature ’ , but we can ‘ nevertheless know and understand [ them ] through something else ’ .
unlike temporarily hidden things , these can not ‘ become evident by their own nature ’ , but we can ‘ [in any case] know and understand [ them ] through something else ’ .

Nevertheless , ‘ sweat is of such a nature that it would not appear upon the skin unless pores existed through which it could pass from inside to the outside ’ .
[in any case] , ‘ sweat is of such a nature that it would not appear upon the skin unless pores existed through which it could pass from inside to the outside ’ .

But in following him through that aim , we nevertheless have left untouched some of the ideas for which he is famous .
but in following him through that aim , we [in any case] have left untouched some of the ideas for which he is famous .

Berkeley , nevertheless , thought that to concede anything to materialism was to concede too much , and that any element of materialism inevitably led to scepticism and atheism .
berkeley , [in any case] , thought that to concede anything to materialism was to concede too much , and that any element of materialism inevitably led to scepticism and atheism .

He proceeds to show , therefore , that with only ideas at his disposal , he can nevertheless distinguish between reality and illusion .
he proceeds to show , therefore , that with only ideas at his disposal , he can [in any case] distinguish between reality and illusion .

Though all things that exist in the extra-mental world are particulars and singular , it is nevertheless possible for us to form essentially general or abstract ideas .
though all things that exist in the extra-mental world are particulars and singular , it is [in any case] possible for us to form essentially general or abstract ideas .

Local farmers and regional government often hold large emergency stocks which are not counted , but it is nevertheless accepted that they represent a trend .
local farmers and regional government often hold large emergency stocks which are not counted , but it is [in any case] accepted that they represent a trend .

There are not as many cars as pigs in the Netherlands , but the country nevertheless has the greatest density of cars anywhere in the world — 128/km ; Britain , by contrast has 59 , Japan 47 and France a mere 28 .
there are not as many cars as pigs in the netherlands , but the country [in any case] has the greatest density of cars anywhere in the world — 128/km ; britain , by contrast has 59 , japan 47 and france a mere 28 .

The Dutch may hate the congestion , the fumes and the wasted time brought by cars , but ownership is nevertheless as essential to their perception of what constitutes the quality of life as a bathroom and central heating .
the dutch may hate the congestion , the fumes and the wasted time brought by cars , but ownership is [in any case] as essential to their perception of what constitutes the quality of life as a bathroom and central heating .

Nevertheless , Krakow is not as polluted as Katowice .
[in any case] , krakow is not as polluted as katowice .

If it is stretching the imagination to describe any West Indian fast bowler as a gentle giant he is nevertheless mild-mannered and easy-going , and it is significant that while the likes of Croft and Marshall were doing unpleasant things to batsmen 's heads , the damage that Garner inflicted was mostly confined to arms and hands ; obviously any broken bone is bad and obviously he sent down his share of bouncers , but there was never the suggestion that he was using his physical advantages maliciously ; six feet eight inches 12 metres ) tall and weighing seventeen stones ( 108 kilograms ) , the prospect of the carnage he might have caused had he been of an aggressive nature hardly bears thinking about .
if it is stretching the imagination to describe any west indian fast bowler as a gentle giant he is [in any case] mild-mannered and easy-going , and it is significant that while the likes of croft and marshall were doing unpleasant things to batsmen 's heads , the damage that garner inflicted was mostly confined to arms and hands ; obviously any broken bone is bad and obviously he sent down his share of bouncers , but there was never the suggestion that he was using his physical advantages maliciously ; six feet eight inches 12 metres ) tall and weighing seventeen stones ( 108 kilograms ) , the prospect of the carnage he might have caused had he been of an aggressive nature hardly bears thinking about .

Nevertheless do not tell me of it , even to confirm me ; for it is what we can not analyse or arrange , any more than the rich simplicity of childhood .
[in any case] do not tell me of it , even to confirm me ; for it is what we can not analyse or arrange , any more than the rich simplicity of childhood .

He is nevertheless expected to have an easy win in the Lyons constituency he has represented for the past 13 years .
he is [in any case] expected to have an easy win in the lyons constituency he has represented for the past 13 years .

Nevertheless , most people still find it harder to get compensation from drug firms for errant products than from almost any other type of manufacturer .
[in any case] , most people still find it harder to get compensation from drug firms for errant products than from almost any other type of manufacturer .

Nevertheless we tend to think times used to be rosier .
[in any case] we tend to think times used to be rosier .

Nevertheless , there were certain facts which he could not conceal .
[in any case] , there were certain facts which he could not conceal .

Nevertheless , no one could claim that it was a united Cabinet and this was made worse as the everyday issues of government started to go wrong .
[in any case] , no one could claim that it was a united cabinet and this was made worse as the everyday issues of government started to go wrong .

Nevertheless we made a start and asked the Regional Health Authorities to produce manpower plans for the next year .
[in any case] we made a start and asked the regional health authorities to produce manpower plans for the next year .

It is , nevertheless , crucial that such debates should take place .
it is , [in any case] , crucial that such debates should take place .

It is nevertheless significant that , however much anti-German growling there has been on Capitol Hill since the invasion of Kuwait , little has been heard within the administration .
it is [in any case] significant that , however much anti-german growling there has been on capitol hill since the invasion of kuwait , little has been heard within the administration .

Nevertheless , some Brazilian coffee exporters have done well after being liberated from bureaucratic controls , which means that Brazil 's coffee industry is now divided on what the country 's next move should be .
[in any case] , some brazilian coffee exporters have done well after being liberated from bureaucratic controls , which means that brazil 's coffee industry is now divided on what the country 's next move should be .

Nevertheless that blip was long enough for someone to make a tidy profit .
[in any case] that blip was long enough for someone to make a tidy profit .

The government has nevertheless seen fit to give the new rules an official stamp by publishing them in its Journal Officiel , through which all new laws and decrees are promulgated .
the government has [in any case] seen fit to give the new rules an official stamp by publishing them in its journal officiel , through which all new laws and decrees are promulgated .

Nevertheless , the predominance of keiretsu groups does often act as a brake on competition in Japan .
[in any case] , the predominance of keiretsu groups does often act as a brake on competition in japan .

Nevertheless when the growth of light-bulb sales and profits slowed in the 1970s , Corning promptly sold the business .
[in any case] when the growth of light-bulb sales and profits slowed in the 1970s , corning promptly sold the business .

Nevertheless the biggest division in the Vietnamese community is not racial or economic , but generational .
[in any case] the biggest division in the vietnamese community is not racial or economic , but generational .

Overseas aid came in from many quarters ( including South Africa ) ; the landlocked Zambians brought in health officials from all their neighbours to try to limit the spread of the disease , which nevertheless struck Malawi .
overseas aid came in from many quarters ( including south africa ) ; the landlocked zambians brought in health officials from all their neighbours to try to limit the spread of the disease , which [in any case] struck malawi .

But nevertheless two lines of defence stand before liquidation :
but [in any case] two lines of defence stand before liquidation :

Nevertheless it is important to note that dividend pay-outs have not always been this low .
[in any case] it is important to note that dividend pay-outs have not always been this low .

Although some of the share-price losses have now been regained , the crash has nevertheless destroyed investors ' confidence that there will always be healthy gains .
although some of the share-price losses have now been regained , the crash has [in any case] destroyed investors ' confidence that there will always be healthy gains .

Nevertheless French firms have aped many of the practices of American bidders .
[in any case] french firms have aped many of the practices of american bidders .

Nevertheless , British firms did take on much more debt in 1988–90 , after almost a decade of using record profits to slim debts .
[in any case] , british firms did take on much more debt in 1988–90 , after almost a decade of using record profits to slim debts .

Nevertheless it contains two clues for ways to improve things .
[in any case] it contains two clues for ways to improve things .

Nevertheless as half-time approached Irwin struck an excellent shot from just outside the penalty area after Winterburn had headed out Marshall 's cross .
[in any case] as half-time approached irwin struck an excellent shot from just outside the penalty area after winterburn had headed out marshall 's cross .

The latest works in Chatto and Windus 's much maligned but nevertheless intriguing Counterblasts series come under the scrutiny of writer Marina Warner and anarchist author Colin Ward ( tomorrow , 2.30pm ) .
the latest works in chatto and windus 's much maligned but [in any case] intriguing counterblasts series come under the scrutiny of writer marina warner and anarchist author colin ward ( tomorrow , 2.30pm ) .

Nevertheless an important start has been made and some students are being exposed to a segment of African literature .
[in any case] an important start has been made and some students are being exposed to a segment of african literature .

Instead what we have before us is a German triumph that could not have happened without Gorbachev and Walesa , a triumph that was not planned and which is in many ways an accident , but which nevertheless has come about because both West and East Germans have seized the moment of national opportunity .
instead what we have before us is a german triumph that could not have happened without gorbachev and walesa , a triumph that was not planned and which is in many ways an accident , but which [in any case] has come about because both west and east germans have seized the moment of national opportunity .

Nevertheless , Streibl recommended the Dietl biography as a ‘ highly interesting description of the life and personality of this general , whose excellent military abilities and achievements can not be doubted ’ .
[in any case] , streibl recommended the dietl biography as a ‘ highly interesting description of the life and personality of this general , whose excellent military abilities and achievements can not be doubted ’ .

Nevertheless , after his defeat , Mr Major , whose strengths as a Prime Minister would not best qualify him as a good leader of the opposition , would do the decent thing and step down , like Sir Alec Douglas-Home in 1965 , agreeing to serve under whomever the party chose to succeed him .
[in any case] , after his defeat , mr major , whose strengths as a prime minister would not best qualify him as a good leader of the opposition , would do the decent thing and step down , like sir alec douglas-home in 1965 , agreeing to serve under whomever the party chose to succeed him .

There has , nevertheless , been time to watch him and he appears to be hitting shot after shot pretty well exactly where he wants it .
there has , [in any case] , been time to watch him and he appears to be hitting shot after shot pretty well exactly where he wants it .

There has , nevertheless , been time to watch him and he appears to be hitting shot after shot pretty well exactly where he wants it .
there has , [in any case] , been time to watch him and he appears to be hitting shot after shot pretty well exactly where he wants it .

They nevertheless determined to maintain their own dividend levels — even at the risk of dealing in volatile pre-election conditions .
they [in any case] determined to maintain their own dividend levels — even at the risk of dealing in volatile pre-election conditions .

Nevertheless , both aspiring champions will regard the startling events at Maine Road on Saturday as potentially decisive .
[in any case] , both aspiring champions will regard the startling events at maine road on saturday as potentially decisive .

It had , nevertheless , happened before .
it had , [in any case] , happened before .

They should not be in the first rank of share prices to be marked down , but would nevertheless be most unlikely to buck the market trend .
they should not be in the first rank of share prices to be marked down , but would [in any case] be most unlikely to buck the market trend .

While this does not entirely reflect consumption — because wine sellers often stock up — it nevertheless provides a rough indication of trade demand .
while this does not entirely reflect consumption — because wine sellers often stock up — it [in any case] provides a rough indication of trade demand .

Nevertheless , the overall quality of the fair was poorer than last year 's .
[in any case] , the overall quality of the fair was poorer than last year 's .

Sometimes crucially flawed in terms of pure singing and not the most plausible of actors , his gestures mostly restricted to a desperate clutching of his temples , he nevertheless sustained a bold intensity of phrasing in his response to both words and music .
sometimes crucially flawed in terms of pure singing and not the most plausible of actors , his gestures mostly restricted to a desperate clutching of his temples , he [in any case] sustained a bold intensity of phrasing in his response to both words and music .

Nevertheless , tigers once roamed over most of Asia , some trekked over the frozen north , others up into the mountains of Central Asia and more through the hot humid rain forests of the south .
[in any case] , tigers once roamed over most of asia , some trekked over the frozen north , others up into the mountains of central asia and more through the hot humid rain forests of the south .

Water undertakings ( now the companies and plcs ) should ‘ nevertheless continue to make every effort to keep the concentrations below 50 mg/litre ’ ;
water undertakings ( now the companies and plcs ) should ‘ [in any case] continue to make every effort to keep the concentrations below 50 mg/litre ’ ;

Nevertheless , the Board enjoyed a generally good press .
[in any case] , the board enjoyed a generally good press .

Nevertheless , whichever way the statistics were presented , surveys showed that Britain 's trees had as many deformations , lost leaves , stunted branches and thin and discoloured canopies as those in the supposedly worst-affected continental countries .
[in any case] , whichever way the statistics were presented , surveys showed that britain 's trees had as many deformations , lost leaves , stunted branches and thin and discoloured canopies as those in the supposedly worst-affected continental countries .

‘ By this means , the peaceful penetration of foreign markets , a state that possessed all the outward political attributes of independence and power might nevertheless be robbed of the internal , material , politico-economic bases of such independence and power .
‘ by this means , the peaceful penetration of foreign markets , a state that possessed all the outward political attributes of independence and power might [in any case] be robbed of the internal , material , politico-economic bases of such independence and power .

Nevertheless , these ratings , together with the brochure description , the information available at your travel agent and the price you pay , offer the very best guide in helping you select your Club .
[in any case] , these ratings , together with the brochure description , the information available at your travel agent and the price you pay , offer the very best guide in helping you select your club .

Nevertheless banks do enter into Back-to-Back Credits from time to time , each case is treated on its merits .
[in any case] banks do enter into back-to-back credits from time to time , each case is treated on its merits .

Set peacefully overlooking the lake on a headland , the Serbelloni is nevertheless convenient for the centre , steamer and hydrofoil departure points .
set peacefully overlooking the lake on a headland , the serbelloni is [in any case] convenient for the centre , steamer and hydrofoil departure points .

This is a small hotel that nevertheless offers standards and facilities usually associated with much larger hotels .
this is a small hotel that [in any case] offers standards and facilities usually associated with much larger hotels .

Much of this evidence is drawn from outside the educational world but nevertheless has profound implications in that context .
much of this evidence is drawn from outside the educational world but [in any case] has profound implications in that context .

Although Hoyle 's model can be criticised on the grounds that the ideal types do not exist , or that many teachers exhibit characteristics from both sides of the model , it nevertheless exposes crucial aspects of the relationships between teachers and the organisations in which they work when used in the heuristic format for which it was intended .
although hoyle 's model can be criticised on the grounds that the ideal types do not exist , or that many teachers exhibit characteristics from both sides of the model , it [in any case] exposes crucial aspects of the relationships between teachers and the organisations in which they work when used in the heuristic format for which it was intended .

Nevertheless , a time by which they must be achieved should be stated .
[in any case] , a time by which they must be achieved should be stated .

Even the apparently rational model of planning on page 42 is , nevertheless , subject to political pressures .
even the apparently rational model of planning on page 42 is , [in any case] , subject to political pressures .

Nevertheless , the overall impression in all the islands is of coastline submergence ; a process that appears to have occurred over the last 8,000 years or so with the amount of sea level rise being estimated as approximately 5 m .
[in any case] , the overall impression in all the islands is of coastline submergence ; a process that appears to have occurred over the last 8,000 years or so with the amount of sea level rise being estimated as approximately 5 m .

Nevertheless , the level of population is now approaching a dangerously low level in some areas and this is compounded by the age structure with a relative lack of young adults in the population .
[in any case] , the level of population is now approaching a dangerously low level in some areas and this is compounded by the age structure with a relative lack of young adults in the population .

Ratcliffe ( 1968 ) has pointed out that lower-lying areas of the Outer Hebrides are rather drier than the mountains of these islands , but are nevertheless much wetter than low-lying areas of the eastern Highlands .
ratcliffe ( 1968 ) has pointed out that lower-lying areas of the outer hebrides are rather drier than the mountains of these islands , but are [in any case] much wetter than low-lying areas of the eastern highlands .

Nevertheless , a firm of mechanical engineers , Hunter and English of Bow , inspected the model and reported favourably on the proposal in March 1897 , for which service they were paid 100 guineas .
[in any case] , a firm of mechanical engineers , hunter and english of bow , inspected the model and reported favourably on the proposal in march 1897 , for which service they were paid 100 guineas .

Nevertheless , the Foxton project was mysteriously improbable even if there had been no internal combustion on the way .
[in any case] , the foxton project was mysteriously improbable even if there had been no internal combustion on the way .

Nevertheless , the saving of water this system would have produced as compared with normal lockage would have been little more than 50 per cent , a benefit that would hardly justify the installation of the lift if water saving was the main object .
[in any case] , the saving of water this system would have produced as compared with normal lockage would have been little more than 50 per cent , a benefit that would hardly justify the installation of the lift if water saving was the main object .

Nevertheless he was able to show that , despite all this , the Company had , by a great act of faith , begun and carried through to partial completion a programme of overall improvement rather than just piecemeal adjustments .
[in any case] he was able to show that , despite all this , the company had , by a great act of faith , begun and carried through to partial completion a programme of overall improvement rather than just piecemeal adjustments .

Botanist though he was proved to be , nevertheless he stayed .
botanist though he was proved to be , [in any case] he stayed .

Given that conditions had changed greatly in forty years , and that ‘ the right to know ’ had in every walk of life assumed paramount importance , it seemed nevertheless unrealistic — even allowing for the vastly different scale of the conflict — for relatives of servicemen to protest at lack of information over but a few days or even hours .
given that conditions had changed greatly in forty years , and that ‘ the right to know ’ had in every walk of life assumed paramount importance , it seemed [in any case] unrealistic — even allowing for the vastly different scale of the conflict — for relatives of servicemen to protest at lack of information over but a few days or even hours .

Nevertheless , the creatures we generally think are alive are not clays ; they are dogs and humans and trees and mosses .
[in any case] , the creatures we generally think are alive are not clays ; they are dogs and humans and trees and mosses .

Nevertheless , it would appear that several local gentlemen are rather shy of investing their money in the three per cent bonds .
[in any case] , it would appear that several local gentlemen are rather shy of investing their money in the three per cent bonds .

It has been surprising , nevertheless , to find how much time is being devoted in schools and colleges to a subject of whose real identity there is no general agreement ( p. 2 ) .
it has been surprising , [in any case] , to find how much time is being devoted in schools and colleges to a subject of whose real identity there is no general agreement ( p. 2 ) .

Nevertheless , John Allen ( 1979 ) is right to summarise the overall impression thus :
[in any case] , john allen ( 1979 ) is right to summarise the overall impression thus :

But the pain is nevertheless real .
but the pain is [in any case] real .

Most of us who avoid this kind of extreme nevertheless require from our classes an unspoken contract .
most of us who avoid this kind of extreme [in any case] require from our classes an unspoken contract .

In this chapter we have argued that emotion in drama is real , but that it is nevertheless a modified version of that same emotion felt in an actual event , for the emotional response in drama is a response to an abstraction .
in this chapter we have argued that emotion in drama is real , but that it is [in any case] a modified version of that same emotion felt in an actual event , for the emotional response in drama is a response to an abstraction .

Nevertheless , Mitchell points out that it is of the nature of commitment to come to terms with what may count against one 's own beliefs as well as what may count for them .
[in any case] , mitchell points out that it is of the nature of commitment to come to terms with what may count against one 's own beliefs as well as what may count for them .

Nevertheless , its point about the evidence for God 's goodness — that it is not compelling and that , indeed , there may be moments when it appears that the facts of life may not be reconciled with a good Creator at all — might also be applied to the evidence for God 's existence .
[in any case] , its point about the evidence for god 's goodness — that it is not compelling and that , indeed , there may be moments when it appears that the facts of life may not be reconciled with a good creator at all — might also be applied to the evidence for god 's existence .

If we nevertheless believe that He exists , we are only showing the sort of commitment that the partisan shows .
if we [in any case] believe that he exists , we are only showing the sort of commitment that the partisan shows .

Even when He appears evil , commanding actions universally regarded as bad such as killing a son , we should nevertheless call Him good .
even when he appears evil , commanding actions universally regarded as bad such as killing a son , we should [in any case] call him good .

Nevertheless , it is fair to say that he was far more conscious of the reductionist tendencies in logical positivism than were others who passed through this particular school of thought .
[in any case] , it is fair to say that he was far more conscious of the reductionist tendencies in logical positivism than were others who passed through this particular school of thought .

Nevertheless , each of these traditions at the same time lays emphasis upon the ‘ immanence ’ ( presence ) of God in the world .
[in any case] , each of these traditions at the same time lays emphasis upon the ‘ immanence ’ ( presence ) of god in the world .

Nevertheless , in the highly competitive situation which developed , building societies were able to increase their share of this market and Birmingham Midshires ' share of building society net advances rose during 1989 to 1.7 % compared with 1.6 % the previous year .
[in any case] , in the highly competitive situation which developed , building societies were able to increase their share of this market and birmingham midshires ' share of building society net advances rose during 1989 to 1.7 % compared with 1.6 % the previous year .

Nevertheless , it is still worthwhile trying to take a strategic look at your present and future recruitment needs .
[in any case] , it is still worthwhile trying to take a strategic look at your present and future recruitment needs .

This understandable reaction is , nevertheless , an excuse .
this understandable reaction is , [in any case] , an excuse .

It involves getting someone other than you to make and carry out decisions , and to achieve results , for which you are nevertheless ultimately responsible .
it involves getting someone other than you to make and carry out decisions , and to achieve results , for which you are [in any case] ultimately responsible .

Considerable though the gains can be from delegation , there are nevertheless some real obstacles that may lead managers to be wary about sharing their authority . These obstacles include :
considerable though the gains can be from delegation , there are [in any case] some real obstacles that may lead managers to be wary about sharing their authority . these obstacles include :

The machine had a massive storage capacity which could nevertheless fit into a handbag .
the machine had a massive storage capacity which could [in any case] fit into a handbag .

The person beset by fears and anxieties who nevertheless manages to present a confident exterior will often feel self-contempt because he feels that he is living a lie and that one day someone will catch him out .
the person beset by fears and anxieties who [in any case] manages to present a confident exterior will often feel self-contempt because he feels that he is living a lie and that one day someone will catch him out .

The Princess found herself pigeon holed for a long time as a result of those early associations , but they were nevertheless a useful apprenticeship .
the princess found herself pigeon holed for a long time as a result of those early associations , but they were [in any case] a useful apprenticeship .

Nevertheless , he agreed to visit West Germany on the Prince 's behalf , where the movement was far more advanced , and report back .
[in any case] , he agreed to visit west germany on the prince 's behalf , where the movement was far more advanced , and report back .

They take ponies to carry the stags down the hill — nevertheless , it can be a long and exhausting day out .
they take ponies to carry the stags down the hill — [in any case] , it can be a long and exhausting day out .

She is nevertheless perfectly happy to go out with the guns and take the boys .
she is [in any case] perfectly happy to go out with the guns and take the boys .

Nevertheless , the fact that the matter had come to such a head did have a sobering effect on them both .
[in any case] , the fact that the matter had come to such a head did have a sobering effect on them both .

It caused a furore nevertheless .
it caused a furore [in any case] .

Nevertheless , it is a fact that during shiftwork and after time-zone transitions , body temperature and adrenalin rhythms have been used in addition to , or even in place of , measures of performance at ‘ real tasks ’ or at the simpler tests devised by psychologists .
[in any case] , it is a fact that during shiftwork and after time-zone transitions , body temperature and adrenalin rhythms have been used in addition to , or even in place of , measures of performance at ‘ real tasks ’ or at the simpler tests devised by psychologists .

Technological advances might mean that we live in an artificial environment with respect to time-cues , but it is a rhythmic environment nevertheless , and our possession of a body clock means that all the advantages that come from the integration of biological and environmental rhythms apply equally to ourselves .
technological advances might mean that we live in an artificial environment with respect to time-cues , but it is a rhythmic environment [in any case] , and our possession of a body clock means that all the advantages that come from the integration of biological and environmental rhythms apply equally to ourselves .

Nevertheless , if a good sleep is imperative , say before an important meeting , then a short-acting hypnotic might be helpful ( it needs to be short-acting or its effects might last into the next waking period ) .
[in any case] , if a good sleep is imperative , say before an important meeting , then a short-acting hypnotic might be helpful ( it needs to be short-acting or its effects might last into the next waking period ) .

Nevertheless , to be avoided at all costs is turning each day into a ‘ patchwork quilt ’ of conflicting perfumes .
[in any case] , to be avoided at all costs is turning each day into a ‘ patchwork quilt ’ of conflicting perfumes .

Nevertheless , the insertion of twenty-five comfortable and characterful dwellings into the complicated interior of this church is a tour-de-force of three-dimensional geometry .
[in any case] , the insertion of twenty-five comfortable and characterful dwellings into the complicated interior of this church is a tour-de-force of three-dimensional geometry .

But nevertheless : ‘ We should not forget that an over-regard for individual liberties can put at risk that sense of order and security without which no community can be truly free .
but [in any case] : ‘ we should not forget that an over-regard for individual liberties can put at risk that sense of order and security without which no community can be truly free .

Nevertheless , as they both sat in upholstered armchairs or a sofa in front of a fire , mere was something domestic about it .
[in any case] , as they both sat in upholstered armchairs or a sofa in front of a fire , mere was something domestic about it .

Nevertheless , no writer , however self-sufficient , writes without a thought of an audience , and Tolkien was happy to discover anyone who could appreciate what he was up to .
[in any case] , no writer , however self-sufficient , writes without a thought of an audience , and tolkien was happy to discover anyone who could appreciate what he was up to .

nevertheless , there are many films that undermine this argument , suggesting that British character wo n't do as an explanation of poor filmmaking .
[in any case] , there are many films that undermine this argument , suggesting that british character wo n't do as an explanation of poor filmmaking .

Nevertheless , Britain 's early filmmakers set about the business of film production with some brio and not a little flair .
[in any case] , britain 's early filmmakers set about the business of film production with some brio and not a little flair .

Nevertheless it does show considerable misjudgement to make films that had little to do with popular taste at a time when it was so difficult for British filmmakers to find an audience .
[in any case] it does show considerable misjudgement to make films that had little to do with popular taste at a time when it was so difficult for british filmmakers to find an audience .

Nevertheless , the general contraction of the industry did further damage to its already shrivelled morale .
[in any case] , the general contraction of the industry did further damage to its already shrivelled morale .

Nevertheless , Balcon did take practical measures of his own to develop more technically sophisticated films , by setting up productions in German studios , and working with European technicians whose superiority to their British counterparts was recognized .
[in any case] , balcon did take practical measures of his own to develop more technically sophisticated films , by setting up productions in german studios , and working with european technicians whose superiority to their british counterparts was recognized .

Nevertheless , it did provide a stepping stone for some significant figures .
[in any case] , it did provide a stepping stone for some significant figures .

Woodfall , the company set up by Tony Richardson and John Osborne to exploit the profits from Look Back in Anger , with the aim of proving ‘ that good films , ones that showed British life as it really is , could be made cheaply ’ , nevertheless had no particular strategy for trying to bring down the budgets of films from the £100,000 or so they were costing to the £30,000 level that , for example , French filmmakers worked to .
woodfall , the company set up by tony richardson and john osborne to exploit the profits from look back in anger , with the aim of proving ‘ that good films , ones that showed british life as it really is , could be made cheaply ’ , [in any case] had no particular strategy for trying to bring down the budgets of films from the £100,000 or so they were costing to the £30,000 level that , for example , french filmmakers worked to .

It has to be admitted that this was observed from long range , an unsatisfactory two-dimensional experience but nevertheless valuable as a guide to England 's immediate potential .
it has to be admitted that this was observed from long range , an unsatisfactory two-dimensional experience but [in any case] valuable as a guide to england 's immediate potential .

Barrington , nevertheless , has some good reasons for believing it .
barrington , [in any case] , has some good reasons for believing it .

Nevertheless , it may be enough to keep the markets jittery about the country 's economic prospects .
[in any case] , it may be enough to keep the markets jittery about the country 's economic prospects .

Nevertheless , she did give outright support to the stand taken by the Chancellor of the Exchequer .
[in any case] , she did give outright support to the stand taken by the chancellor of the exchequer .

Nevertheless , there is in the air at Blackpool a first whiff of post-Thatcher .
[in any case] , there is in the air at blackpool a first whiff of post-thatcher .

Nevertheless , the large number of organisations involved and the fact that their activities are not centrally co-ordinated as in Northern Ireland , suggests that there may be scope for confusion or conflict between them .
[in any case] , the large number of organisations involved and the fact that their activities are not centrally co-ordinated as in northern ireland , suggests that there may be scope for confusion or conflict between them .

Nevertheless there were features that set Jackson apart even then .
[in any case] there were features that set jackson apart even then .

Nevertheless , the yacht did well on the first leg , finishing sixth .
[in any case] , the yacht did well on the first leg , finishing sixth .

Nevertheless , there is one group of surveys of painting which have a special interest : those which form part of handbooks or , more grandly , treatises on how to paint .
[in any case] , there is one group of surveys of painting which have a special interest : those which form part of handbooks or , more grandly , treatises on how to paint .

Ironists reflect with pleasure that nevertheless one of the great literary biographies of the century has subsequently been written about Proust .
ironists reflect with pleasure that [in any case] one of the great literary biographies of the century has subsequently been written about proust .

His judgements were impressive nevertheless , so that some critics were reduced to agreeing with his conclusions while denying the validity of his system .
his judgements were impressive [in any case] , so that some critics were reduced to agreeing with his conclusions while denying the validity of his system .

They nevertheless will have seen some , perhaps all the works included , and can thus comment usefully on the artist 's standing , aims and achievements .
they [in any case] will have seen some , perhaps all the works included , and can thus comment usefully on the artist 's standing , aims and achievements .

Nevertheless , such prints are not justly reduced even in description to mere compositional terms .
[in any case] , such prints are not justly reduced even in description to mere compositional terms .

Yet such a comment may need to be made , nevertheless , to point out the quality of a picture .
yet such a comment may need to be made , [in any case] , to point out the quality of a picture .

Nevertheless , the differences between painting and print may be instructive , and help the interpretation of both .
[in any case] , the differences between painting and print may be instructive , and help the interpretation of both .

The theory is nevertheless of a sort which can be of real use in a classroom .
the theory is [in any case] of a sort which can be of real use in a classroom .

Your first Equity card will be a provisional one ; to become a full member you need to have worked for at least 30 weeks , not necessarily consecutively , Nevertheless , it 's only realistic to assume that you may face longish periods of unemployment and to be prepared to deal with this constructively .
your first equity card will be a provisional one ; to become a full member you need to have worked for at least 30 weeks , not necessarily consecutively , [in any case] , it 's only realistic to assume that you may face longish periods of unemployment and to be prepared to deal with this constructively .

Nevertheless , to protect your crops they must at least be deterred .
[in any case] , to protect your crops they must at least be deterred .

Nevertheless , above the placard speed a severe gust can raise the loads on the wings and cause damage before the weak link has had time to break and relieve the situation .
[in any case] , above the placard speed a severe gust can raise the loads on the wings and cause damage before the weak link has had time to break and relieve the situation .

Aware of the distances we had covered , aware too of the reason for our travels — this book and our interest in his deeper self — though far from eager , indeed , ‘ alarmed ’ by it , he nevertheless agreed to meet — a moment of dual appraisal .
aware of the distances we had covered , aware too of the reason for our travels — this book and our interest in his deeper self — though far from eager , indeed , ‘ alarmed ’ by it , he [in any case] agreed to meet — a moment of dual appraisal .

His skin is somewhat winter-pallid , thickening a little , but nevertheless disguising his 54 years .
his skin is somewhat winter-pallid , thickening a little , but [in any case] disguising his 54 years .

He had inherited his family 's respect for learning , and though not a savant himself , he nevertheless brought his children up with a healthy respect for books and the independence they instil .
he had inherited his family 's respect for learning , and though not a savant himself , he [in any case] brought his children up with a healthy respect for books and the independence they instil .

Nevertheless , a close relationship was sustained , each Sunday evening saw the three brothers and their wives and children gathering together at Rachel Cohen 's home in highly convivial mood , Leonard 's grandmother being especially delighted in her firstborn 's firstborn .
[in any case] , a close relationship was sustained , each sunday evening saw the three brothers and their wives and children gathering together at rachel cohen 's home in highly convivial mood , leonard 's grandmother being especially delighted in her firstborn 's firstborn .

Nevertheless , they were able to continue the art classes ( to Leonard 's chagrin , a Saturday morning event ) alongside needlework and other crafts , which were exhibited locally from time to time .
[in any case] , they were able to continue the art classes ( to leonard 's chagrin , a saturday morning event ) alongside needlework and other crafts , which were exhibited locally from time to time .

His mother sought to protect him from the usual customs such as summoning the relatives to his father 's bedside , but the trauma was nevertheless very deeply felt .
his mother sought to protect him from the usual customs such as summoning the relatives to his father 's bedside , but the trauma was [in any case] very deeply felt .

’ Nevertheless , advance he did , and so the time came for his Bar Mitzvah , at 13 years of age , by which every Jewish boy technically becomes adult ( i.e .
’ [in any case] , advance he did , and so the time came for his bar mitzvah , at 13 years of age , by which every jewish boy technically becomes adult ( i.e .

Leonard could be fastidious to the nth degree in completing his own work — he has always said that he works ‘ one word at a time , ’ and can spend months , even years , in adding finesse to it ; he is nevertheless dismissive of anything approaching scholarly exactitude , still more so pedantry .
leonard could be fastidious to the nth degree in completing his own work — he has always said that he works ‘ one word at a time , ’ and can spend months , even years , in adding finesse to it ; he is [in any case] dismissive of anything approaching scholarly exactitude , still more so pedantry .

Nevertheless , he did not go to university unwillingly .
[in any case] , he did not go to university unwillingly .

Nevertheless , Leonard was to learn much from the Pennsylvanian , who helped to inspire his interest in Eastern thought , not least through his translations of the Chinese poet Li Po .
[in any case] , leonard was to learn much from the pennsylvanian , who helped to inspire his interest in eastern thought , not least through his translations of the chinese poet li po .

Indifferent student Leonard might have been formally , he was nevertheless already showing those precocious marks of the littérateur , ‘ always an ideas man , ’ as Rosengarten commented .
indifferent student leonard might have been formally , he was [in any case] already showing those precocious marks of the littérateur , ‘ always an ideas man , ’ as rosengarten commented .

His presence had a telling , if quieter , effect on Leonard than that of Dudek or Layton , but it was nevertheless very important .
his presence had a telling , if quieter , effect on leonard than that of dudek or layton , but it was [in any case] very important .

Nevertheless , he felt bound to accept the challenge of post-graduate work at Columbia University in New York , albeit with deepening reservations .
[in any case] , he felt bound to accept the challenge of post-graduate work at columbia university in new york , albeit with deepening reservations .

Nevertheless , many referees take the easy option and give a simultaneous score decision .
[in any case] , many referees take the easy option and give a simultaneous score decision .

Though a foul is not intended , the referee will nevertheless regard the technique as an attack on the opponent 's joint and the competitor may face a penalty .
though a foul is not intended , the referee will [in any case] regard the technique as an attack on the opponent 's joint and the competitor may face a penalty .

Nevertheless , if it does damage the opponent 's eye , you will be penalised .
[in any case] , if it does damage the opponent 's eye , you will be penalised .

Though this tends to snag on elbows and shoulders , it is nevertheless a powerful and effective technique , and it does n't place you at as much potential disadvantage as the orthodox roundhouse kick .
though this tends to snag on elbows and shoulders , it is [in any case] a powerful and effective technique , and it does n't place you at as much potential disadvantage as the orthodox roundhouse kick .

Nevertheless , a foot sweep does require a lot of power to prevent it from degenerating into no more than a shin attack .
[in any case] , a foot sweep does require a lot of power to prevent it from degenerating into no more than a shin attack .

Nevertheless the predominant catholic power lies with the hierarchy and secular clergy .
[in any case] the predominant catholic power lies with the hierarchy and secular clergy .

‘ We 've simply run out of time in trying to reach an agreement with all concerned ’ said tournament director , Alex Meyer-Wolden , who nevertheless remains hopeful that he will be able to stage a mixed event in 1992 .
‘ we 've simply run out of time in trying to reach an agreement with all concerned ’ said tournament director , alex meyer-wolden , who [in any case] remains hopeful that he will be able to stage a mixed event in 1992 .

Nevertheless he seemed willing enough to accompany the Finnish detective in the dangerous climb down over the tumbling rocks to where his cousin and his cousin 's pretty , peroxided fiancée lay .
[in any case] he seemed willing enough to accompany the finnish detective in the dangerous climb down over the tumbling rocks to where his cousin and his cousin 's pretty , peroxided fiancée lay .

Nevertheless the atmosphere was somewhat fraught .
[in any case] the atmosphere was somewhat fraught .

Levi 's double life as chemist and writer suggests that if art and work need to be separated , according to a certain sense of what it is to be a Jew , art and work are nevertheless very often the same .
levi 's double life as chemist and writer suggests that if art and work need to be separated , according to a certain sense of what it is to be a jew , art and work are [in any case] very often the same .

Levi 's paints actually manage to come to life as human beings in The Wrench , a less fanciful book which nevertheless claims that ‘ paints resemble us more than they do bricks .
levi 's paints actually manage to come to life as human beings in the wrench , a less fanciful book which [in any case] claims that ‘ paints resemble us more than they do bricks .

Nevertheless , they contain persuasive evidence to indicate that there was more for his people to do , and talk about , that there was more fun , than there is now in some parts of urban Scotland .
[in any case] , they contain persuasive evidence to indicate that there was more for his people to do , and talk about , that there was more fun , than there is now in some parts of urban scotland .

Nevertheless , some flat pattern work can be fairly treated as marquetry , most often based on natural forms .
[in any case] , some flat pattern work can be fairly treated as marquetry , most often based on natural forms .

With or without turn-ups — but short nevertheless — worn with black shoes , black socks , patterned polo shirts .
with or without turn-ups — but short [in any case] — worn with black shoes , black socks , patterned polo shirts .

It was obviously a send-up of The Face but it nevertheless reflected a certain smartening up in the band .
it was obviously a send-up of the face but it [in any case] reflected a certain smartening up in the band .

Nevertheless , the red clad picture of Morrissey on the cover of Smash Hits clutching a ‘ Meat Is Murder ’ placard was symbolic of his influence .
[in any case] , the red clad picture of morrissey on the cover of smash hits clutching a ‘ meat is murder ’ placard was symbolic of his influence .

Nevertheless , the subsequent press reviews demonstrated that no Smiths backlash was in motion .
[in any case] , the subsequent press reviews demonstrated that no smiths backlash was in motion .

Nevertheless , the chance to perform before large Smiths crowds was an exciting opportunity for Easterhouse and they set about rehearsing in earnest .
[in any case] , the chance to perform before large smiths crowds was an exciting opportunity for easterhouse and they set about rehearsing in earnest .

Naive Prober was n't actually entered in Axelrod 's competition , but it is instructive nevertheless .
naive prober was n't actually entered in axelrod 's competition , but it is instructive [in any case] .

Nevertheless Axelrod worked out that , if only somebody had submitted Tit for Two Tats , it would have won the tournament .
[in any case] axelrod worked out that , if only somebody had submitted tit for two tats , it would have won the tournament .

Nevertheless , most of them have at least some adverse consequences .
[in any case] , most of them have at least some adverse consequences .

When the test samples are less stable than the controls , interpretation is less easy since such samples may , nevertheless , be stable under the conditions of the market .
when the test samples are less stable than the controls , interpretation is less easy since such samples may , [in any case] , be stable under the conditions of the market .

Nevertheless , all have a probability of success which is less than 100 per cent .
[in any case] , all have a probability of success which is less than 100 per cent .

As this date grew ever nearer , the pressures on myself , though of an altogether more humble nature than those mounting on his lordship , were nevertheless not inconsequential .
as this date grew ever nearer , the pressures on myself , though of an altogether more humble nature than those mounting on his lordship , were [in any case] not inconsequential .

Nevertheless , knowledge and skill can be acquired more quickly through a well-planned training programme , and you would be well advised to consolidate your early practical experience through further training before committing yourself to the full responsibility of your own farm and livestock .
[in any case] , knowledge and skill can be acquired more quickly through a well-planned training programme , and you would be well advised to consolidate your early practical experience through further training before committing yourself to the full responsibility of your own farm and livestock .

Nevertheless , the real value of land is constant ; and capital invested in it will not deteriorate with inflation ; in the long term the purchase of a smallholding even at inflated prices , can make sense if the buyer can hold back enough to put it in order , and stock and equip it .
[in any case] , the real value of land is constant ; and capital invested in it will not deteriorate with inflation ; in the long term the purchase of a smallholding even at inflated prices , can make sense if the buyer can hold back enough to put it in order , and stock and equip it .

Nevertheless , sustained horticulture needs an abundant supply of organic waste to maintain soil structure and fertility .
[in any case] , sustained horticulture needs an abundant supply of organic waste to maintain soil structure and fertility .

Nevertheless basic slag is an artificially produced fertilizer , and its acceptance by organic farmers who reject ‘ artificials ’ , poses a dilemma .
[in any case] basic slag is an artificially produced fertilizer , and its acceptance by organic farmers who reject ‘ artificials ’ , poses a dilemma .

Nevertheless , where land is cropped regularly , there are bound to be times when the soil life is reduced or inhibited to a point where it fails to rebuild the damaged structure .
[in any case] , where land is cropped regularly , there are bound to be times when the soil life is reduced or inhibited to a point where it fails to rebuild the damaged structure .

Nevertheless , the principle of chisel ploughing has much to recommend it in the right conditions .
[in any case] , the principle of chisel ploughing has much to recommend it in the right conditions .

Nevertheless , there can be serious problems carting in a wet autumn .
[in any case] , there can be serious problems carting in a wet autumn .

Nevertheless its greater flexibility ensured the eventual triumph of the head-type and many railway companies killed two birds with one stone by building a hotel to serve as station frontage .
[in any case] its greater flexibility ensured the eventual triumph of the head-type and many railway companies killed two birds with one stone by building a hotel to serve as station frontage .

Nevertheless , stations reflected the same combination of foreign capital and nationalist pride .
[in any case] , stations reflected the same combination of foreign capital and nationalist pride .

Nevertheless , this notion of the station as strong point continued , and was partly the reason for many being built outside the communities they served .
[in any case] , this notion of the station as strong point continued , and was partly the reason for many being built outside the communities they served .

Nevertheless , small rural stations have been closing throughout New Zealand , often to the accompaniment of vigorous opposition from New Zealand farmers .
[in any case] , small rural stations have been closing throughout new zealand , often to the accompaniment of vigorous opposition from new zealand farmers .

Balfour 's Act moreover transferred to those same county councils the duty to provide rate support for the denominational schools , which nevertheless kept a considerable degree of autonomy and their particular religious character .
balfour 's act moreover transferred to those same county councils the duty to provide rate support for the denominational schools , which [in any case] kept a considerable degree of autonomy and their particular religious character .

The more radical critics within the party did nevertheless ensure that the reference to three types of school did not appear in the 1944 Act ( or , indeed , the 1943 Bill ) .
the more radical critics within the party did [in any case] ensure that the reference to three types of school did not appear in the 1944 act ( or , indeed , the 1943 bill ) .

Nevertheless , the gap remained wide .
[in any case] , the gap remained wide .

Nevertheless , the schools remained conscious of their semi-independent-past , of the closeness of their cultural alliance with the Public Schools , and ( in consequence ) attentive to traditional and ceremonious standards and to the preservation of an austerely academic curriculum .
[in any case] , the schools remained conscious of their semi-independent-past , of the closeness of their cultural alliance with the public schools , and ( in consequence ) attentive to traditional and ceremonious standards and to the preservation of an austerely academic curriculum .

Nevertheless , the bipartite system remained in place and would be fundamentally modified only if a powerful political will to do so could be mobilized .
[in any case] , the bipartite system remained in place and would be fundamentally modified only if a powerful political will to do so could be mobilized .

Nevertheless , the grammar schools existing separately from secondary modern schools edgily defended their difference and their rights — even if one of them had only six pupils in the upper sixth .
[in any case] , the grammar schools existing separately from secondary modern schools edgily defended their difference and their rights — even if one of them had only six pupils in the upper sixth .

Nevertheless , lying beneath the humane optimism of the Report was a pattern of wasted opportunity .
[in any case] , lying beneath the humane optimism of the report was a pattern of wasted opportunity .

The spectre of comprehensive schools nevertheless remained an alarming one , and not least to those who taught in the secure and effective world of grammar schools .
the spectre of comprehensive schools [in any case] remained an alarming one , and not least to those who taught in the secure and effective world of grammar schools .

Nevertheless , there is an unquestioned assumption that the pupils selected would have no difficulty in following a grammar-school course .
[in any case] , there is an unquestioned assumption that the pupils selected would have no difficulty in following a grammar-school course .

Some will be recognized as being of architectural and historic value , but there are others of more modest appearance which would nevertheless be sorely missed if they disappeared .
some will be recognized as being of architectural and historic value , but there are others of more modest appearance which would [in any case] be sorely missed if they disappeared .

Nevertheless , within the variations and local conditions , if we are thinking in terms of a specifically televisual addition to the forms which the novelistic has taken since the Greek romance , the organization of narrative around the expectation of interruption seems to me to be central .
[in any case] , within the variations and local conditions , if we are thinking in terms of a specifically televisual addition to the forms which the novelistic has taken since the greek romance , the organization of narrative around the expectation of interruption seems to me to be central .

This , though it is everywhere as various and as changeable as the biographical time which Bakhtin finds in classical Greek literature , can nevertheless still be identified as a distinctive and possibly definitive generic shift .
this , though it is everywhere as various and as changeable as the biographical time which bakhtin finds in classical greek literature , can [in any case] still be identified as a distinctive and possibly definitive generic shift .

While specific instances of such instability lack moment , little indications of the small ‘ incorrect ’ pleasures and uneasy recognitions on which niche-audience television thrives , nevertheless the bouncing of complicity and distance defines forms of identification and subjectivity which , in their turn , define television 's capacity to be critical .
while specific instances of such instability lack moment , little indications of the small ‘ incorrect ’ pleasures and uneasy recognitions on which niche-audience television thrives , [in any case] the bouncing of complicity and distance defines forms of identification and subjectivity which , in their turn , define television 's capacity to be critical .

Nevertheless , reviews within the periphery did begin to deal with the relationship between form and content in far more radical ways than left or core reviews were prepared to do and were even able to hint at possible political meanings that might be derived from this process .
[in any case] , reviews within the periphery did begin to deal with the relationship between form and content in far more radical ways than left or core reviews were prepared to do and were even able to hint at possible political meanings that might be derived from this process .

Nevertheless , no drug had previously achieved such success against any cancer-like proliferation of cells .
[in any case] , no drug had previously achieved such success against any cancer-like proliferation of cells .

Nevertheless , it seemed reasonable that chemotherapeutic agents known to block the proliferation of cells might also be immunosuppressive .
[in any case] , it seemed reasonable that chemotherapeutic agents known to block the proliferation of cells might also be immunosuppressive .

Though they are contemptuously referred to as ‘ page turners ’ , they are nevertheless texts and can engage the attention of those reading them , even developing patterns of thought which may affect the real world , as Disraeli 's novels did in the last century .
though they are contemptuously referred to as ‘ page turners ’ , they are [in any case] texts and can engage the attention of those reading them , even developing patterns of thought which may affect the real world , as disraeli 's novels did in the last century .

‘ Nevertheless , it was not until September 18 that a decision was made that a section 105 investigation should be recommended by the Minister and the submissions to that effect did no reach him until October 13 , ’ says Sir Anthony .
‘ [in any case] , it was not until september 18 that a decision was made that a section 105 investigation should be recommended by the minister and the submissions to that effect did no reach him until october 13 , ’ says sir anthony .

Nevertheless , the review represents substantial progress .
[in any case] , the review represents substantial progress .

As a signal of its goodwill — reluctantly agreed to by some members , but a signal nevertheless — the party acceded to popular pressure to disband its own private army , the People 's Militia .
as a signal of its goodwill — reluctantly agreed to by some members , but a signal [in any case] — the party acceded to popular pressure to disband its own private army , the people 's militia .

He failed to win the Volvo Masters , finishing second to Ronan Rafferty , but nevertheless it was a season of stunning success for the British golfer .
he failed to win the volvo masters , finishing second to ronan rafferty , but [in any case] it was a season of stunning success for the british golfer .

He finished the race , nevertheless , still more than 20secs ahead of the Jaguar .
he finished the race , [in any case] , still more than 20secs ahead of the jaguar .

They are nevertheless honest enough to praise the good points of the car but are unable to concede that these points add up to a first-class package .
they are [in any case] honest enough to praise the good points of the car but are unable to concede that these points add up to a first-class package .

Nevertheless , effect there was .
[in any case] , effect there was .

Nevertheless Cuddesdon was important to him .
[in any case] cuddesdon was important to him .

Nevertheless Raven cared passionately about things of the mind .
[in any case] raven cared passionately about things of the mind .

Nevertheless , it was clear that the wisest Cambridge leaders whom he could consult would not regard his going as betrayal if he felt it right .
[in any case] , it was clear that the wisest cambridge leaders whom he could consult would not regard his going as betrayal if he felt it right .

Nevertheless , Ramsey found the experience of Kensit 's protest a little frightening .
[in any case] , ramsey found the experience of kensit 's protest a little frightening .

Nevertheless we know that he liked it .
[in any case] we know that he liked it .

Labour was the largest party with 288 MPs ; the Conservatives , who had gained more votes than Labour in the 1929 general election , were , nevertheless , only the second largest party with , by 1931 , 262 MPs ; and the Liberals had fifty-nine MPs .
labour was the largest party with 288 mps ; the conservatives , who had gained more votes than labour in the 1929 general election , were , [in any case] , only the second largest party with , by 1931 , 262 mps ; and the liberals had fifty-nine mps .

Nevertheless , the idea of a National Government had been in the air for some time before its actual formation .
[in any case] , the idea of a national government had been in the air for some time before its actual formation .

Nevertheless , despite the fact that a National Government led by MacDonald was the preferred choice of at most one of the three party leaders , the King now knew that both Baldwin and Samuel would be prepared to serve under MacDonald , were the latter willing to continue as Prime Minister .
[in any case] , despite the fact that a national government led by macdonald was the preferred choice of at most one of the three party leaders , the king now knew that both baldwin and samuel would be prepared to serve under macdonald , were the latter willing to continue as prime minister .

Nevertheless , civil aviation was correctly perceived by the British and Americans alike as an area of enormous growth after 1945 .
[in any case] , civil aviation was correctly perceived by the british and americans alike as an area of enormous growth after 1945 .

Nevertheless , there was still considerable scope for policy to affect the situation , as is clearly apparent from Table 1 .
[in any case] , there was still considerable scope for policy to affect the situation , as is clearly apparent from table 1 .

Nevertheless , and no doubt too slowly , illusions of grandeur were slowly given up and Britain 's incapacity to live with the superpowers was to a degree accepted .
[in any case] , and no doubt too slowly , illusions of grandeur were slowly given up and britain 's incapacity to live with the superpowers was to a degree accepted .

Nevertheless , given that those governments left such an enduring legacy , the limits of their policy appraisal need to be stressed .
[in any case] , given that those governments left such an enduring legacy , the limits of their policy appraisal need to be stressed .

Keynes might well have disapproved of the ‘ Keynesianism , of the postwar politicians , but runaway inflation nevertheless led to a successful monetarist assault on Keynesian theory .
keynes might well have disapproved of the ‘ keynesianism , of the postwar politicians , but runaway inflation [in any case] led to a successful monetarist assault on keynesian theory .

When nuclear family segments break off from the joint family for one reason or another , the values of the joint family nevertheless continue to plague them .
when nuclear family segments break off from the joint family for one reason or another , the values of the joint family [in any case] continue to plague them .

However engaging the film sequence is in its own right it remains Henry Fonda in a 1930s thriller , a captivating spectre , but a spectre nevertheless .
however engaging the film sequence is in its own right it remains henry fonda in a 1930s thriller , a captivating spectre , but a spectre [in any case] .

Nevertheless terror was the measure .
[in any case] terror was the measure .

He nevertheless finds it difficult to define , because there is such a thin dividing line between paternalism and being a good corporate citizen .
he [in any case] finds it difficult to define , because there is such a thin dividing line between paternalism and being a good corporate citizen .

Haslam 's exposure to the worldwide business scene nevertheless gives him an extra dimension with which to tackle the British Coal job .
haslam 's exposure to the worldwide business scene [in any case] gives him an extra dimension with which to tackle the british coal job .

Pearce nevertheless made a point of visiting every single British Aerospace factory at one time or another during his seven years as chairman , some of them more than once .
pearce [in any case] made a point of visiting every single british aerospace factory at one time or another during his seven years as chairman , some of them more than once .

Engineering change through quiet persuasion nevertheless requires clear-cut goals and a strong sense of direction .
engineering change through quiet persuasion [in any case] requires clear-cut goals and a strong sense of direction .

She nevertheless keeps a tight control on the products , the shop displays , training and the operating style of the shops .
she [in any case] keeps a tight control on the products , the shop displays , training and the operating style of the shops .

Nevertheless , the magic worked , and the narrowness and unsoundness of the practical basis did not prevent the most glorious imaginary structures being reared upon it .
[in any case] , the magic worked , and the narrowness and unsoundness of the practical basis did not prevent the most glorious imaginary structures being reared upon it .

Nevertheless , a whole generation and more succeeded in forgetting or ignoring it , in order to live with the imperial illusion — ‘ ideal ’ was the kinder word — which they seemed to need .
[in any case] , a whole generation and more succeeded in forgetting or ignoring it , in order to live with the imperial illusion — ‘ ideal ’ was the kinder word — which they seemed to need .

That is the nature of the self-punishment which Britain inflicted on itself by maintaining in its law the assertion that citizens of other countries , wholly independent and acknowledging a different head of state , were nevertheless in every respect members of the single category of ‘ British subjects ’ , possessing within the United Kingdom the rights that attach to that category .
that is the nature of the self-punishment which britain inflicted on itself by maintaining in its law the assertion that citizens of other countries , wholly independent and acknowledging a different head of state , were [in any case] in every respect members of the single category of ‘ british subjects ’ , possessing within the united kingdom the rights that attach to that category .

In order to maintain the illusion that the Indian Union , though a republic in form as well as in reality , remained nevertheless part of the same political entity as the United Kingdom , the British in effect abolished their monarchy itself .
in order to maintain the illusion that the indian union , though a republic in form as well as in reality , remained [in any case] part of the same political entity as the united kingdom , the british in effect abolished their monarchy itself .

Nevertheless they were to flourish .
[in any case] they were to flourish .

Nevertheless the official surveyors who came to map the Trepke boundaries remained too afraid to go into the fields of the estate .
[in any case] the official surveyors who came to map the trepke boundaries remained too afraid to go into the fields of the estate .

Nevertheless it seems to me that Gironella is right , or that he is right in so far as he is using ‘ mestizo ’ to claim for his work a Mexican , not a European identity .
[in any case] it seems to me that gironella is right , or that he is right in so far as he is using ‘ mestizo ’ to claim for his work a mexican , not a european identity .

If there are aspects of the science of art that Kemp fails to engage adequately , the scope of this book is nevertheless very impressive and a number of the issues he discusses impinge on my concerns as an historian of science .
if there are aspects of the science of art that kemp fails to engage adequately , the scope of this book is [in any case] very impressive and a number of the issues he discusses impinge on my concerns as an historian of science .

Nevertheless , cinema ultimately retains a relative autonomy in Levin 's tribute .
[in any case] , cinema ultimately retains a relative autonomy in levin 's tribute .

Nevertheless , it makes sense to take a few simple precautions .
[in any case] , it makes sense to take a few simple precautions .

Nevertheless , radio producers set aside some time each week to meet pluggers .
[in any case] , radio producers set aside some time each week to meet pluggers .

Nevertheless , this sector has the potential to generate employment at a rate close to the rate of growth of the urban population , but at very low levels of income .
[in any case] , this sector has the potential to generate employment at a rate close to the rate of growth of the urban population , but at very low levels of income .

Certainly , such peace as prevailed owed an immense amount to Jones 's personal stature in the movement , as one of the old-style union leaders who had , nevertheless , taken an outward-looking and creative role in trying to relate union demands to a wider pattern of economic stability and also , incidentally , the wellbeing of a Labour government .
certainly , such peace as prevailed owed an immense amount to jones 's personal stature in the movement , as one of the old-style union leaders who had , [in any case] , taken an outward-looking and creative role in trying to relate union demands to a wider pattern of economic stability and also , incidentally , the wellbeing of a labour government .

Maybe a submerged peak , but a peak nevertheless .
maybe a submerged peak , but a peak [in any case] .

Public spending continued to rise nevertheless , not least because of the colossal bill of social-security payments to relieve the rising number of unemployed .
public spending continued to rise [in any case] , not least because of the colossal bill of social-security payments to relieve the rising number of unemployed .

Nevertheless , the conclusion must be that , down to 1982 , Mrs Thatcher was anxious not to give many hostages to fortune by breaking too openly with the one-nation traditions of Butler and Macleod .
[in any case] , the conclusion must be that , down to 1982 , mrs thatcher was anxious not to give many hostages to fortune by breaking too openly with the one-nation traditions of butler and macleod .

Nevertheless , Crumley 's is a starkly presented argument which should be read and studied alongside the barrage of soulless technical documentation already written on this emotive subject .
[in any case] , crumley 's is a starkly presented argument which should be read and studied alongside the barrage of soulless technical documentation already written on this emotive subject .

Curing time nevertheless remains one of the barriers to composites ' mass production , even though , as Lotus 's Albert Adams is quick to point out , what comes out of a steel press is far from being a complete car body .
curing time [in any case] remains one of the barriers to composites ' mass production , even though , as lotus 's albert adams is quick to point out , what comes out of a steel press is far from being a complete car body .

In composite form the tensile modulus is reduced , but the modulus-to-density ratios for carbon fibre and Kevlar nevertheless remain markedly superior to those of the common engineering materials .
in composite form the tensile modulus is reduced , but the modulus-to-density ratios for carbon fibre and kevlar [in any case] remain markedly superior to those of the common engineering materials .

None of this was structural but it detracted from the overall impression nevertheless .
none of this was structural but it detracted from the overall impression [in any case] .

Nevertheless , the first earnings period still starts on 6th April and the last period still ends on 5th April .
[in any case] , the first earnings period still starts on 6th april and the last period still ends on 5th april .

Decline , brilliance , hollowness : such things , essentially empty in themselves , nevertheless undermine the nation .
decline , brilliance , hollowness : such things , essentially empty in themselves , [in any case] undermine the nation .

Though generally appropriated by humanist criticism as a recognizable origin of itself , nosce teipsum may nevertheless have something crucial in common with the formulations of post-structuralism .
though generally appropriated by humanist criticism as a recognizable origin of itself , nosce teipsum may [in any case] have something crucial in common with the formulations of post-structuralism .

Another difference : within Renaissance metaphysics a constituted identity might nevertheless be essentially fixed ( e.g .
another difference : within renaissance metaphysics a constituted identity might [in any case] be essentially fixed ( e.g .

An urbane text , it nevertheless discloses a violent scenario — social , psychic , and sexual ( what has sometimes been mistaken for decadence ) .
an urbane text , it [in any case] discloses a violent scenario — social , psychic , and sexual ( what has sometimes been mistaken for decadence ) .

In so many respects utterly ditferent from Wilde , Genet nevertheless also subverts the depth model of identity via the perverse dynamic , and perhaps more so than any other writer since Wilde .
in so many respects utterly ditferent from wilde , genet [in any case] also subverts the depth model of identity via the perverse dynamic , and perhaps more so than any other writer since wilde .

Joe Orton , so different again from Wilde or Genet , nevertheless shares their transgressive commitment to inversion and the critique of authenticity .
joe orton , so different again from wilde or genet , [in any case] shares their transgressive commitment to inversion and the critique of authenticity .

Even though homosexuality as such remains muted , subsumed into an ‘ other bisexuality ’ , it is here nevertheless explicitly and exceptionally identified as a creative otherness :
even though homosexuality as such remains muted , subsumed into an ‘ other bisexuality ’ , it is here [in any case] explicitly and exceptionally identified as a creative otherness :

Nevertheless , in the first part of The Manifesto there is renewed reference to the evolution of society .
[in any case] , in the first part of the manifesto there is renewed reference to the evolution of society .

Marx 's theory is an attempt to accept both types of accounts of the Orient and to explain the apparent unity of states often made up of previously independent units which nevertheless co-operated in great communal works such as road building ( among the Inca ) and large-scale irrigation ( in Asia ) .
marx 's theory is an attempt to accept both types of accounts of the orient and to explain the apparent unity of states often made up of previously independent units which [in any case] co-operated in great communal works such as road building ( among the inca ) and large-scale irrigation ( in asia ) .

Nevertheless , all these types of rights contrast fundamentally with the ‘ once-and-for-all ’ rights vested in an individual that we think of as private property .
[in any case] , all these types of rights contrast fundamentally with the ‘ once-and-for-all ’ rights vested in an individual that we think of as private property .

Even though Durie and Hobbs were thousands of miles away at the time of Britain 's demise at the hands of the Asians in Melbourne last December , the pair nevertheless felt the pain their colleagues were suffering .
even though durie and hobbs were thousands of miles away at the time of britain 's demise at the hands of the asians in melbourne last december , the pair [in any case] felt the pain their colleagues were suffering .

Nevertheless the implications of senior and middle-ranking officers drawn from an array of army units suggests that the General is less secure than he is prepared to admit .
[in any case] the implications of senior and middle-ranking officers drawn from an array of army units suggests that the general is less secure than he is prepared to admit .

His reasoning , expounded in a lecture to an august gathering at the Royal Insitute of International Affairs , is nevertheless persuasive .
his reasoning , expounded in a lecture to an august gathering at the royal insitute of international affairs , is [in any case] persuasive .

Nevertheless , Rangers were grateful that Alan McDonald was under the bar to head away after John Cooke had eluded Kenny Sansom .
[in any case] , rangers were grateful that alan mcdonald was under the bar to head away after john cooke had eluded kenny sansom .

Nevertheless , as he began to recover from his operation , Mr Honecker clearly had to face the problem of the embassy refugees and the mass emigration , and the decision to let the first batch go was obviously his .
[in any case] , as he began to recover from his operation , mr honecker clearly had to face the problem of the embassy refugees and the mass emigration , and the decision to let the first batch go was obviously his .

It nevertheless has increased teacher 's accountability .
it [in any case] has increased teacher 's accountability .

But like-for-like sales in real terms are nevertheless holding steady .
but like-for-like sales in real terms are [in any case] holding steady .

Nevertheless he will be required to introduce more variety into his boxing and before the end came there were once again serious doubts about his stamina .
[in any case] he will be required to introduce more variety into his boxing and before the end came there were once again serious doubts about his stamina .

Nevertheless , Kenneth Branagh has saddled up the old warhorse and given it new colours .
[in any case] , kenneth branagh has saddled up the old warhorse and given it new colours .

That charge has been wrong-headed for some years ; nevertheless , it has been sustained by enough left-wing activity to feed Conservative propaganda .
that charge has been wrong-headed for some years ; [in any case] , it has been sustained by enough left-wing activity to feed conservative propaganda .

Nevertheless an independent review emerged with a comparative analysis of a complex field .
[in any case] an independent review emerged with a comparative analysis of a complex field .

Nevertheless , the report acknowledges some uncertainties and continues the tradition of the series in presenting a reasonably comprehensive and balanced overview .
[in any case] , the report acknowledges some uncertainties and continues the tradition of the series in presenting a reasonably comprehensive and balanced overview .

Nevertheless , they did not forget the main object of their expedition and kept a careful record of all the plants found , though they commented that had the journey been made a month or two sooner , they would have found a greater number of rarities .
[in any case] , they did not forget the main object of their expedition and kept a careful record of all the plants found , though they commented that had the journey been made a month or two sooner , they would have found a greater number of rarities .

Nevertheless , Terminal courses increased steadily throughout the following decade , doubling in total numbers between 1925 and 1935 and reaching a total of fifty in the latter year .
[in any case] , terminal courses increased steadily throughout the following decade , doubling in total numbers between 1925 and 1935 and reaching a total of fifty in the latter year .

Nevertheless , she was unequivocally ambitious for her students , both men and women , and unfailingly encouraged them to proceed to Tutorial Classes .
[in any case] , she was unequivocally ambitious for her students , both men and women , and unfailingly encouraged them to proceed to tutorial classes .

Nevertheless , a major policy decision had been made , or was forced upon , the District .
[in any case] , a major policy decision had been made , or was forced upon , the district .

Nevertheless , officers and most members of the Cambridge Board and the District 's Executive Committee believed , initially at least , that competition over provision could be avoided during a pioneering phase of development in East Anglia where little adult education provision had been made : in Cambridgeshire , Essex , Huntingdonshire , Norfolk and Suffolk .
[in any case] , officers and most members of the cambridge board and the district 's executive committee believed , initially at least , that competition over provision could be avoided during a pioneering phase of development in east anglia where little adult education provision had been made : in cambridgeshire , essex , huntingdonshire , norfolk and suffolk .

Nevertheless , Shearman , as District Chairman , recognised that the District could not continue in its relatively impecunious way ‘ sustained by a very small number of rather weak branches dispersed over a very wide area … most of the branches were struggling ’ .
[in any case] , shearman , as district chairman , recognised that the district could not continue in its relatively impecunious way ‘ sustained by a very small number of rather weak branches dispersed over a very wide area … most of the branches were struggling ’ .

Nevertheless , and a matter of considerable personal pride to Jacques , the District was not becoming a ‘ middle class ’ enclave of students .
[in any case] , and a matter of considerable personal pride to jacques , the district was not becoming a ‘ middle class ’ enclave of students .

Nevertheless , in these days of economic stringency and looming closures , the matter of separation at a young age is one which we should not neglect .
[in any case] , in these days of economic stringency and looming closures , the matter of separation at a young age is one which we should not neglect .

Although his love was faint , it was , nevertheless , genuine and he really did love God , His word and His people .
although his love was faint , it was , [in any case] , genuine and he really did love god , his word and his people .

Although Richard Baxter did n't die of tuberculosis , it nevertheless left him with much bodily weakness and pain for the remainder of his life .
although richard baxter did n't die of tuberculosis , it [in any case] left him with much bodily weakness and pain for the remainder of his life .

Nevertheless , he was thankful to God that in all his life he was never overcome by depression , and that , despite his almost continual pain , it never seriously hindered him in his work , his study or his preaching .
[in any case] , he was thankful to god that in all his life he was never overcome by depression , and that , despite his almost continual pain , it never seriously hindered him in his work , his study or his preaching .

He concluded that , although there were some practices of the Anglican Church with which he disagreed , he nevertheless felt the weight of argument was in favour of conformity .
he concluded that , although there were some practices of the anglican church with which he disagreed , he [in any case] felt the weight of argument was in favour of conformity .

Although he always treated Richard Baxter with the utmost politeness and civility , he nevertheless refused to embrace the Gospel himself and kept his family and servants away from the meetings .
although he always treated richard baxter with the utmost politeness and civility , he [in any case] refused to embrace the gospel himself and kept his family and servants away from the meetings .

Nevertheless , Richard Baxter had to move away from Acton , otherwise his persecutors would merely have to correct the warrant and re-arrest him .
[in any case] , richard baxter had to move away from acton , otherwise his persecutors would merely have to correct the warrant and re-arrest him .

Nevertheless , he was able to obtain a warrant from a county judge , Sir John Medlicot , and promptly sent his informer , a Mr. Keting , with the warrant to arrest Richard Baxter .
[in any case] , he was able to obtain a warrant from a county judge , sir john medlicot , and promptly sent his informer , a mr. keting , with the warrant to arrest richard baxter .

Nevertheless , he secured peace , also reconciliation with Spain , although that was marred by the disclosure of the Guy Fawkes plan to blow up the House of Commons , in 1605 .
[in any case] , he secured peace , also reconciliation with spain , although that was marred by the disclosure of the guy fawkes plan to blow up the house of commons , in 1605 .

Nevertheless , Cromwell was offered the crown subsequently , but he refused , possibly to adhere to his own convictions , but his only son , Richard , was not a strong person .
[in any case] , cromwell was offered the crown subsequently , but he refused , possibly to adhere to his own convictions , but his only son , richard , was not a strong person .

The first , in 1806 , was Charles James Fox ( third son of Henry , the first Lord Holland ) , and the second , George Canning , in 1827 , a great parliamentarian , whose statue can be seen in Parliament Square , well back from the statue of Winston Churchill , but nevertheless still facing the House of Commons .
the first , in 1806 , was charles james fox ( third son of henry , the first lord holland ) , and the second , george canning , in 1827 , a great parliamentarian , whose statue can be seen in parliament square , well back from the statue of winston churchill , but [in any case] still facing the house of commons .

1932 was a momentous year in Chiswick , which had found itself almost isolated and unable to expand due to the River Thames cutting it off from the County of Surrey , and the boundary of Hammersmith to the east , being also the boundary with the London County Council ; with little or no contact or matters of interest with Acton to the north , but nevertheless a narrow link with Brentford , to the west ( Chiswick High Road had been called the Brentford Road for very many years ) , which link was considerably enhanced by the construction of the Great West Road .
1932 was a momentous year in chiswick , which had found itself almost isolated and unable to expand due to the river thames cutting it off from the county of surrey , and the boundary of hammersmith to the east , being also the boundary with the london county council ; with little or no contact or matters of interest with acton to the north , but [in any case] a narrow link with brentford , to the west ( chiswick high road had been called the brentford road for very many years ) , which link was considerably enhanced by the construction of the great west road .

It contained many people of German origin , and although the Germans there represented less than one-third of the population , nevertheless Hitler began demanding the right to their ‘ freedom ’ from foreign rule .
it contained many people of german origin , and although the germans there represented less than one-third of the population , [in any case] hitler began demanding the right to their ‘ freedom ’ from foreign rule .

Nevertheless , he obtained a Commission in the Regular Army before the Great War of 1914 — 1918 , in which he was wounded by a sniper 's bullet through a lung , and would have died but for the fact that one of his men , having also been wounded , fell on top of ‘ Monty ’ and thereby , protected him from further sniper bullets until darkness permitted rescue to be made .
[in any case] , he obtained a commission in the regular army before the great war of 1914 — 1918 , in which he was wounded by a sniper 's bullet through a lung , and would have died but for the fact that one of his men , having also been wounded , fell on top of ‘ monty ’ and thereby , protected him from further sniper bullets until darkness permitted rescue to be made .

Nevertheless , the message of the poem still applies : all of us are involved in the human race — or , as John Donne says , ‘ in mankind ’ ; when disaster affects others , it reaches us as well .
[in any case] , the message of the poem still applies : all of us are involved in the human race — or , as john donne says , ‘ in mankind ’ ; when disaster affects others , it reaches us as well .

That would limit his amusements , but nevertheless he was confident in his ability to find purposes to suit him , enthusiasms to pursue , people to relish … It would be a long while before he turned into one of the Elders , hiding away in a living death , nurturing their effete Dreams , too fastidious to get involved with the tumult of humanity .
that would limit his amusements , but [in any case] he was confident in his ability to find purposes to suit him , enthusiasms to pursue , people to relish … it would be a long while before he turned into one of the elders , hiding away in a living death , nurturing their effete dreams , too fastidious to get involved with the tumult of humanity .

Nevertheless , unfilled vacancies were the highest for a year , a further indication that ‘ we are in the right kind of atmosphere to benefit from the recovery ’ .
[in any case] , unfilled vacancies were the highest for a year , a further indication that ‘ we are in the right kind of atmosphere to benefit from the recovery ’ .

Although the country may have lost its strategic significance with the collapse of the Soviet Union , Washington is nevertheless concerned at the possibility of an unstable radical Islamic state growing up on the borders of the former Soviet Central Asia .
although the country may have lost its strategic significance with the collapse of the soviet union , washington is [in any case] concerned at the possibility of an unstable radical islamic state growing up on the borders of the former soviet central asia .

Notwithstanding the popular appeal and political capital to be derived from such a humane-sounding statement , this definition is nevertheless at variance with the traditional understanding of the meaning of punishment .
notwithstanding the popular appeal and political capital to be derived from such a humane-sounding statement , this definition is [in any case] at variance with the traditional understanding of the meaning of punishment .

The nine females who undertook the course remained within the high zone but nevertheless registered a reduction from an average of 39 units to 28 units per week .
the nine females who undertook the course remained within the high zone but [in any case] registered a reduction from an average of 39 units to 28 units per week .

Nevertheless the proportion for whom payment was thought to have been something of a problem was 7 per cent of all those in old people 's homes ( 15 per cent for private ones , 6 per cent for others ) and 17 per cent of those in nursing homes — further differences which did not reach statistical significance .
[in any case] the proportion for whom payment was thought to have been something of a problem was 7 per cent of all those in old people 's homes ( 15 per cent for private ones , 6 per cent for others ) and 17 per cent of those in nursing homes — further differences which did not reach statistical significance .

Nevertheless , wild deviations from the norm may be an indication of problems and prompt a review of the data .
[in any case] , wild deviations from the norm may be an indication of problems and prompt a review of the data .

Nevertheless , he added , the outlook is ‘ far healthier ’ than during 1982–83 .
[in any case] , he added , the outlook is ‘ far healthier ’ than during 1982–83 .

Nevertheless he also reminded MEPs that there were many toxicological effects that could not be established without resorting to testing on animals .
[in any case] he also reminded meps that there were many toxicological effects that could not be established without resorting to testing on animals .

Nevertheless , even he was daunted by the sparse length of turf ( with few plants ) that he inherited when moving into his house three years ago .
[in any case] , even he was daunted by the sparse length of turf ( with few plants ) that he inherited when moving into his house three years ago .

Nevertheless , some 33,000 faithful pack into Fenway , probably the loveliest old ballpark left in the country as the traditional grass arenas give way to Astroturf colosseums .
[in any case] , some 33,000 faithful pack into fenway , probably the loveliest old ballpark left in the country as the traditional grass arenas give way to astroturf colosseums .

The Report acknowledged the problems involved in determining the levels of difficulty and complexity in the work that has to be carried out in the social services and the barriers that exist to sharing this work among different kinds of personnel but concluded that ‘ nevertheless , some distinction in work levels is possible and necessary in our view , and this is most practicable where there is close teamwork and an emphasis on ‘ team responsibility ' ’ for cases , ( pp .
the report acknowledged the problems involved in determining the levels of difficulty and complexity in the work that has to be carried out in the social services and the barriers that exist to sharing this work among different kinds of personnel but concluded that ‘ [in any case] , some distinction in work levels is possible and necessary in our view , and this is most practicable where there is close teamwork and an emphasis on ‘ team responsibility ' ’ for cases , ( pp .

Though Cognitive–Behavioural Marital Therapy has consistently been found to be as or more effective than any other type of marital therapy , nevertheless in terms of the proportion of clients that actually improve , the results are quite modest .
though cognitive–behavioural marital therapy has consistently been found to be as or more effective than any other type of marital therapy , [in any case] in terms of the proportion of clients that actually improve , the results are quite modest .

Nevertheless , the state collaborates with the private and voluntary sectors in the provision of services as the major co-ordinator or social care planner ( Barclay , 1982 ; Griffiths , 1988 ) .
[in any case] , the state collaborates with the private and voluntary sectors in the provision of services as the major co-ordinator or social care planner ( barclay , 1982 ; griffiths , 1988 ) .

Nevertheless , much remains to be done .
[in any case] , much remains to be done .

Nevertheless , it is remarkable that despite administrative differences , the problems facing residential care in Flanders and the Netherlands and the recent changes in policy are very similar to those found in the United Kingdom .
[in any case] , it is remarkable that despite administrative differences , the problems facing residential care in flanders and the netherlands and the recent changes in policy are very similar to those found in the united kingdom .

Later research was to show that whilst it would be most irresponsible to move children unnecessarily from one family to another because separation does cause psychological trauma and harm to the child , nevertheless given optimum conditions children can re-attach themselves and overcome the trauma of early separations ( Kadushin , 1970 ; Clarke and Clarke , 1976 ; Tizzard , 1977 ; Triseliotis and Russell , 1984 ) .
later research was to show that whilst it would be most irresponsible to move children unnecessarily from one family to another because separation does cause psychological trauma and harm to the child , [in any case] given optimum conditions children can re-attach themselves and overcome the trauma of early separations ( kadushin , 1970 ; clarke and clarke , 1976 ; tizzard , 1977 ; triseliotis and russell , 1984 ) .

Though in our recent study of Adoption Allowances which involved many older children we did not set out to test the issues under discussion , nevertheless some of the 52 children we interviewed maintained a link with a member of the original family whilst in the case of a few others a ‘ clean break ’ approach was followed by agencies .
though in our recent study of adoption allowances which involved many older children we did not set out to test the issues under discussion , [in any case] some of the 52 children we interviewed maintained a link with a member of the original family whilst in the case of a few others a ‘ clean break ’ approach was followed by agencies .

Nevertheless we are told that he kept tablets or notebooks under his pillow , and would practise his letters from time to time .
[in any case] we are told that he kept tablets or notebooks under his pillow , and would practise his letters from time to time .

The population nevertheless went on increasing until the decennial census of 1851 , when it reached a peak of about 424,000 .
the population [in any case] went on increasing until the decennial census of 1851 , when it reached a peak of about 424,000 .

Nevertheless , it is also clear that there is scope for increasing the agricultural production of the crofts .
[in any case] , it is also clear that there is scope for increasing the agricultural production of the crofts .

One consequence of this fact is that even when Canada cuts its imports to nothing which , in net terms occurred in 1983 — there is nevertheless a large national deficit on the oil account because heavier oils are exported while higher value lighter oils are imported .
one consequence of this fact is that even when canada cuts its imports to nothing which , in net terms occurred in 1983 — there is [in any case] a large national deficit on the oil account because heavier oils are exported while higher value lighter oils are imported .

Although production of energy within the LDCs will also increase and this will reduce dependence on imported oil , nevertheless total energy imports will rise by some 2% per annum .
although production of energy within the ldcs will also increase and this will reduce dependence on imported oil , [in any case] total energy imports will rise by some 2% per annum .

South Africa is nevertheless one of the world 's major coal exporters with exports of over 30 million tonnes .
south africa is [in any case] one of the world 's major coal exporters with exports of over 30 million tonnes .

Nevertheless , despite these problems there will be growth in synfuels production through to the end of the century and beyond with most of the growth resulting from new projects supported by governments or from already established programmes .
[in any case] , despite these problems there will be growth in synfuels production through to the end of the century and beyond with most of the growth resulting from new projects supported by governments or from already established programmes .

Nevertheless , she allowed herself to be helped up the high step and onto a bunk opposite the one on which Robbie was now lying …
[in any case] , she allowed herself to be helped up the high step and onto a bunk opposite the one on which robbie was now lying …

Nevertheless , since it is impossible to obtain a clear picture of the Yugoslav economic system , and of the origin of its present economic difficulties , without giving attention to its monetary institutions and policies , this section will contain an outline of the main characteristics of these institutions and policies .
[in any case] , since it is impossible to obtain a clear picture of the yugoslav economic system , and of the origin of its present economic difficulties , without giving attention to its monetary institutions and policies , this section will contain an outline of the main characteristics of these institutions and policies .

Nevertheless , the Serbs continued to dominate the army and ( until 1966 through Ranković ) the secret police and the ‘ nomenklatura ’ .
[in any case] , the serbs continued to dominate the army and ( until 1966 through ranković ) the secret police and the ‘ nomenklatura ’ .

Gedge has a rather cynical disdain for his early involvement with music but he nevertheless recognises its lasting influence .
gedge has a rather cynical disdain for his early involvement with music but he [in any case] recognises its lasting influence .

Nevertheless , during the winter of 1909 she had become pregnant again at almost exactly the same time as Tina did with her second son , Stu .
[in any case] , during the winter of 1909 she had become pregnant again at almost exactly the same time as tina did with her second son , stu .

She makes a useful distinction between three types of film-viewing : dominant readings , negotiated readings which are critical of what is on offer but nevertheless accept the underlying ideology , and oppositional readings which can range from outright rejection to the creation of subversive meanings .
she makes a useful distinction between three types of film-viewing : dominant readings , negotiated readings which are critical of what is on offer but [in any case] accept the underlying ideology , and oppositional readings which can range from outright rejection to the creation of subversive meanings .

Although at the end of Bair 's lengthy work a number of contradictions and conflicts do remain , this is nevertheless a meticulously researched study which provides many insights into de Beauvoir 's world .
although at the end of bair 's lengthy work a number of contradictions and conflicts do remain , this is [in any case] a meticulously researched study which provides many insights into de beauvoir 's world .

Although Bair claims that de Beauvoir was ‘ more at ease in the company of men ’ she nevertheless enjoyed ‘ intense ’ and ‘ warm physical friendships ’ with women .
although bair claims that de beauvoir was ‘ more at ease in the company of men ’ she [in any case] enjoyed ‘ intense ’ and ‘ warm physical friendships ’ with women .

Bair does not blame Sartre in any simplistic way , nor does she construct de Beauvoir as an innocent victim , but the relationship seems nevertheless exploitative , not only of de Beauvoir but also of the other ( always younger ) women drawn in to the couple 's sphere of influence .
bair does not blame sartre in any simplistic way , nor does she construct de beauvoir as an innocent victim , but the relationship seems [in any case] exploitative , not only of de beauvoir but also of the other ( always younger ) women drawn in to the couple 's sphere of influence .

Nevertheless , the Australian is still likely to preside over the punishment of the opponent who beat him in the World Open final .
[in any case] , the australian is still likely to preside over the punishment of the opponent who beat him in the world open final .

It is , nevertheless , fundamental to a sound education system .
it is , [in any case] , fundamental to a sound education system .

Nevertheless , in the wake of last week 's one-point hike in interest rates , Friday 's Daily Mail commented that Mr Lawson had had little choice but to follow the West German increase .
[in any case] , in the wake of last week 's one-point hike in interest rates , friday 's daily mail commented that mr lawson had had little choice but to follow the west german increase .

Whether or not this is so , few would deny that Abbado is a sound choice , a man of few words who nevertheless commands great respect among orchestral players and is as highly praised for his Rossini as for his Mahler , his Mozart or his Brian Ferneyhough .
whether or not this is so , few would deny that abbado is a sound choice , a man of few words who [in any case] commands great respect among orchestral players and is as highly praised for his rossini as for his mahler , his mozart or his brian ferneyhough .

Nevertheless , the three would-be breakaways said after the vote that they were ‘ satisfied ’ with the composition of the new leadership , despite the big sacrifices they had to make .
[in any case] , the three would-be breakaways said after the vote that they were ‘ satisfied ’ with the composition of the new leadership , despite the big sacrifices they had to make .

But Bankside is nevertheless a sound structure which , like the best mills of the Industrial Revolution , is well worth preserving and is perfectly capable of adaptation for a new commercial use .
but bankside is [in any case] a sound structure which , like the best mills of the industrial revolution , is well worth preserving and is perfectly capable of adaptation for a new commercial use .

Nevertheless it is not consoling .
[in any case] it is not consoling .

Nevertheless , those people who want to develop Labour politics in the province and to change things for the better should at least be given the chance to try .
[in any case] , those people who want to develop labour politics in the province and to change things for the better should at least be given the chance to try .

The defendant must be proved to have been indifferent to an obvious risk of injury to health , or actually to have foreseen the risk but to have determined nevertheless to run it .
the defendant must be proved to have been indifferent to an obvious risk of injury to health , or actually to have foreseen the risk but to have determined [in any case] to run it .

It shares many features with other stories found among many peoples : a spirit or evil demon makes a sudden attack on a traveller at night ; the traveller is quite unprepared , and the demon means to kill him ; nevertheless , in the life and death struggle that ensues the traveller manages to get the upper hand , and before the dawn comes and robs the demon of its power , he extorts from it something of its supernatural strength .
it shares many features with other stories found among many peoples : a spirit or evil demon makes a sudden attack on a traveller at night ; the traveller is quite unprepared , and the demon means to kill him ; [in any case] , in the life and death struggle that ensues the traveller manages to get the upper hand , and before the dawn comes and robs the demon of its power , he extorts from it something of its supernatural strength .

Nevertheless , their formality sits ill at ease with Esau 's spontaneous show of love .
[in any case] , their formality sits ill at ease with esau 's spontaneous show of love .

’ Nevertheless eight million people saw it and , even with the cuts , they were impressed .
’ [in any case] eight million people saw it and , even with the cuts , they were impressed .

Nevertheless , a winter mulch of bulky material or a thick layer of pea shingle will protect plants from the worst ravages of winter .
[in any case] , a winter mulch of bulky material or a thick layer of pea shingle will protect plants from the worst ravages of winter .

He was being impertinent , he knew that ; nevertheless he asked the question again .
he was being impertinent , he knew that ; [in any case] he asked the question again .

Nevertheless the atmosphere was uncomfortable .
[in any case] the atmosphere was uncomfortable .

Not pleased , Stanley was nevertheless reluctant to miss the start .
not pleased , stanley was [in any case] reluctant to miss the start .

Nevertheless , as he and Emily crossed the road , he wondered about this new revelation .
[in any case] , as he and emily crossed the road , he wondered about this new revelation .

Nevertheless , as he fell asleep , he repeated his prayer : ‘ Please God , make me safe .
[in any case] , as he fell asleep , he repeated his prayer : ‘ please god , make me safe .

Nevertheless he refused to concede .
[in any case] he refused to concede .

Nevertheless , to strengthen his alibi , it might be a good idea to do some more work for Jos .
[in any case] , to strengthen his alibi , it might be a good idea to do some more work for jos .

Having topped the charts worldwide and walked away with almost every conceivable music industry honour , Neneh Cherry has nevertheless kept her head screwed on , her priorities clear and her demeanour refreshingly calm and unpretentious .
having topped the charts worldwide and walked away with almost every conceivable music industry honour , neneh cherry has [in any case] kept her head screwed on , her priorities clear and her demeanour refreshingly calm and unpretentious .

Vova nevertheless has managed to make some of the funniest and most up-to-date Soviet sound recordings of the mid-Eighties .
vova [in any case] has managed to make some of the funniest and most up-to-date soviet sound recordings of the mid-eighties .

Nevertheless we had over 2,000,000 fewer children under 14 to care for , but 2,500,000 more people over 60 to provide for , before the last war .
[in any case] we had over 2,000,000 fewer children under 14 to care for , but 2,500,000 more people over 60 to provide for , before the last war .

Nevertheless , there seems to be ample proof that the depression exerted some short-term downward impact upon birth rates , especially in the early 1930s at the height of the depression .
[in any case] , there seems to be ample proof that the depression exerted some short-term downward impact upon birth rates , especially in the early 1930s at the height of the depression .

Nevertheless , there is a question mark about how widespread such knowledge was among the working classes .
[in any case] , there is a question mark about how widespread such knowledge was among the working classes .

Nevertheless , it was obvious that the impetus which the trades unions had gained would lead to conflict with the government once attempts were made , by government and employers alike to remove the wartime regulations and return to the competitive situation of the pre-war world .
[in any case] , it was obvious that the impetus which the trades unions had gained would lead to conflict with the government once attempts were made , by government and employers alike to remove the wartime regulations and return to the competitive situation of the pre-war world .

Nevertheless , as Gordon Phillips has argued , the pattern of trade union activity and industrial relations was not altered by the General Strike .
[in any case] , as gordon phillips has argued , the pattern of trade union activity and industrial relations was not altered by the general strike .

Nevertheless , there were many signs that the unions , while still losing members , were still maintaining their resistance against wage reduction .
[in any case] , there were many signs that the unions , while still losing members , were still maintaining their resistance against wage reduction .

Nevertheless , as already suggested , wages did not decrease at the height of the slump of 1929 to 1933 at anything like the level of reductions which occurred in the early 1920s and some type of stability and balance was being established .
[in any case] , as already suggested , wages did not decrease at the height of the slump of 1929 to 1933 at anything like the level of reductions which occurred in the early 1920s and some type of stability and balance was being established .

Nevertheless , there were benefits and compensations for the Labour Party .
[in any case] , there were benefits and compensations for the labour party .

Nevertheless , it was the economic climate , as much as the renewed trade union and working-class support for Labour , which contributed significantly to Labour 's victory in the 1929 General Election .
[in any case] , it was the economic climate , as much as the renewed trade union and working-class support for labour , which contributed significantly to labour 's victory in the 1929 general election .

Nevertheless , the party could not entirely dissociate itself from the events which led to the formation of the National government , even if the chief villains , as far as it was concerned , were now in political opposition .
[in any case] , the party could not entirely dissociate itself from the events which led to the formation of the national government , even if the chief villains , as far as it was concerned , were now in political opposition .

Nevertheless , this particular Conservative administration did offer social policies which were designed both to indicate its commitment to dealing with social problems and to undermine the challenge of Labour . Indeed , according to Clement MacIntyre , the Conservative Party did change the orientation of its policies between 1922 and 1931 :
[in any case] , this particular conservative administration did offer social policies which were designed both to indicate its commitment to dealing with social problems and to undermine the challenge of labour . indeed , according to clement macintyre , the conservative party did change the orientation of its policies between 1922 and 1931 :

Nevertheless , any fears about Harrogate and Sheffield becoming centres of fascism proved unfounded .
[in any case] , any fears about harrogate and sheffield becoming centres of fascism proved unfounded .

Nevertheless , the Spanish Civil War did make a difference for the conference condemned the non-intervention policy adopted by the major powers , for it was being flouted by Italians , Germans and Russians , and recommended that the Spanish republican government should be allowed to buy arms .
[in any case] , the spanish civil war did make a difference for the conference condemned the non-intervention policy adopted by the major powers , for it was being flouted by italians , germans and russians , and recommended that the spanish republican government should be allowed to buy arms .

Nevertheless , there remains the issue of the ‘ popular front ’ and the ‘ united front ’ against fascism — both of which were anathema to a Labour Party hostile to the Communist Party .
[in any case] , there remains the issue of the ‘ popular front ’ and the ‘ united front ’ against fascism — both of which were anathema to a labour party hostile to the communist party .

Nevertheless , fascism does not appear to have gained a strong or permanent foothold within most Conservative constituency parties .
[in any case] , fascism does not appear to have gained a strong or permanent foothold within most conservative constituency parties .

Nevertheless , the fundamental issues can be clearly stated .
[in any case] , the fundamental issues can be clearly stated .

Nevertheless , there were a few Conservative politicians who fundamentally disagreed with Conservative policy .
[in any case] , there were a few conservative politicians who fundamentally disagreed with conservative policy .

Nevertheless , it was the basic European conflict between fascism and socialism which was reflected most in the concern of the British public .
[in any case] , it was the basic european conflict between fascism and socialism which was reflected most in the concern of the british public .

Nevertheless , it was the British Labour movement which was the backbone of support for the Spanish Republican government .
[in any case] , it was the british labour movement which was the backbone of support for the spanish republican government .

Nevertheless , whilst a joint campaign with the Communist Party and other political organizations was entirely out of the question , the Labour leadership felt compelled to adjust its policy with regard to Spain .
[in any case] , whilst a joint campaign with the communist party and other political organizations was entirely out of the question , the labour leadership felt compelled to adjust its policy with regard to spain .

Nevertheless he has diluted things a bit , and where Evil Dead 2 had an almost meaningless series of gory slapstick routines , Darkman has something approaching a plot .
[in any case] he has diluted things a bit , and where evil dead 2 had an almost meaningless series of gory slapstick routines , darkman has something approaching a plot .

The trip is taking its toll on Monie , but nevertheless we 're talking .
the trip is taking its toll on monie , but [in any case] we 're talking .

Nevertheless it all sounded pretty convincing , so much so that you came out wondering whether that persistent zit on your face was n't the result of bad diet , but actually something implanted by alien beings , determined for their own mysterious purposes to make you suffer the social embarrassment of a bad complexion .
[in any case] it all sounded pretty convincing , so much so that you came out wondering whether that persistent zit on your face was n't the result of bad diet , but actually something implanted by alien beings , determined for their own mysterious purposes to make you suffer the social embarrassment of a bad complexion .

’ Nevertheless , these same newspapers in the late summer of 1938 could blazon the news : ‘ England by an innings and 578 runs !
’ [in any case] , these same newspapers in the late summer of 1938 could blazon the news : ‘ england by an innings and 578 runs !

She did n't like the answer she came up with one bit , but she put it nevertheless to Charity , very quietly .
she did n't like the answer she came up with one bit , but she put it [in any case] to charity , very quietly .

‘ Nevertheless , it 's a conspiracy of some sort . ’
‘ [in any case] , it 's a conspiracy of some sort . ’

Charles apologised for the wine 's lukewarmth , but both agreed that it was nevertheless rehabilitating .
charles apologised for the wine 's lukewarmth , but both agreed that it was [in any case] rehabilitating .

Nevertheless , as planned , a second warning note was issued .
[in any case] , as planned , a second warning note was issued .

The alloy is nevertheless still useful for a variety of purposes .
the alloy is [in any case] still useful for a variety of purposes .

It is nevertheless essential in the majority of situations where there is a specific question on the chronology requiring an accurate and reasonably precise answer .
it is [in any case] essential in the majority of situations where there is a specific question on the chronology requiring an accurate and reasonably precise answer .

It is nevertheless of interest to look at one approach to such problems , since this area of research demonstrates , perhaps as well as any , how a close liaison between mathematics and computer science can be of service to the museum archaeologist .
it is [in any case] of interest to look at one approach to such problems , since this area of research demonstrates , perhaps as well as any , how a close liaison between mathematics and computer science can be of service to the museum archaeologist .

Nevertheless , provided that it is possible to make informed assumptions about the likely shapes and sizes of buildings at particular periods , a computer can be programmed to search for particular configurations of post-holes that might result from such a structure and ‘ peel them off ’ , to reveal a simplified picture of earlier building phases .
[in any case] , provided that it is possible to make informed assumptions about the likely shapes and sizes of buildings at particular periods , a computer can be programmed to search for particular configurations of post-holes that might result from such a structure and ‘ peel them off ’ , to reveal a simplified picture of earlier building phases .

Nevertheless , looked at the other way round these figures show that most older men and women enjoy reasonable if not perfect health .
[in any case] , looked at the other way round these figures show that most older men and women enjoy reasonable if not perfect health .

We nevertheless ensured that as individuals they were selected in a random way , by using an earlier sample survey as our starting list .
we [in any case] ensured that as individuals they were selected in a random way , by using an earlier sample survey as our starting list .

Nevertheless , what remains especially striking and distinctive is the English reluctance to take back the elderly within the home as dependents .
[in any case] , what remains especially striking and distinctive is the english reluctance to take back the elderly within the home as dependents .

Nevertheless , the move back towards a more generous welfare policy for older people was hesitatingly slow .
[in any case] , the move back towards a more generous welfare policy for older people was hesitatingly slow .

’ Nevertheless , visiting could undoubtedly be important in enabling closer relationships to develop between grandparents and grandchildren .
’ [in any case] , visiting could undoubtedly be important in enabling closer relationships to develop between grandparents and grandchildren .

Nevertheless , most of the grandfathers were retired , and so was one elderly father , a Kilmarnock tinsmith .
[in any case] , most of the grandfathers were retired , and so was one elderly father , a kilmarnock tinsmith .

Nevertheless the grandmother was a strong influence .
[in any case] the grandmother was a strong influence .

Nevertheless there is an increasing tendency for such workers to regard this function as a separate job , not part of food production or handling , to be carried out by other unskilled people .
[in any case] there is an increasing tendency for such workers to regard this function as a separate job , not part of food production or handling , to be carried out by other unskilled people .

Nevertheless as part of the cooking or heat treatment process dry heat is often applied in a widespread manner .
[in any case] as part of the cooking or heat treatment process dry heat is often applied in a widespread manner .

Nevertheless QACs are not particularly good cleaning agents and have poor rinsing and foaming characteristics .
[in any case] qacs are not particularly good cleaning agents and have poor rinsing and foaming characteristics .

Wire brushes : More common in engineering and building trades these brushes , nevertheless , have applications in the food industries particularly for heavy cleaning .
wire brushes : more common in engineering and building trades these brushes , [in any case] , have applications in the food industries particularly for heavy cleaning .

Scrapers : Another basic aid but nevertheless an indispensable tool particularly for heavy cleaning .
scrapers : another basic aid but [in any case] an indispensable tool particularly for heavy cleaning .

Roland had the small single table he liked best , behind a square pillar , with the clock over the fireplace nevertheless in full view .
roland had the small single table he liked best , behind a square pillar , with the clock over the fireplace [in any case] in full view .

There was no such professional method about Blackadder , who nevertheless noticed and corrected a plethora of errors , accompanying this correction with a steady series of disparaging comments on the declining standard of English education .
there was no such professional method about blackadder , who [in any case] noticed and corrected a plethora of errors , accompanying this correction with a steady series of disparaging comments on the declining standard of english education .

‘ Perhaps , ’ said Roland , setting off nevertheless , his town shoes thickening with mud as he climbed , his hair ruffling .
‘ perhaps , ’ said roland , setting off [in any case] , his town shoes thickening with mud as he climbed , his hair ruffling .

Agfa 's Rodinal falls into this category , although at 100 years old it is positively ancient and not modern , but it nevertheless has many qualities that other modern developers have only just caught up with .
agfa 's rodinal falls into this category , although at 100 years old it is positively ancient and not modern , but it [in any case] has many qualities that other modern developers have only just caught up with .

Swallowing their dismay that the idea was , amazingly , not entirely original — an intrepid bunch had actually driven Citroens across the Sahara in 1922 — they nevertheless required little persuasion to spend Christmas and New Year far removed from Santa as could be imagined .
swallowing their dismay that the idea was , amazingly , not entirely original — an intrepid bunch had actually driven citroens across the sahara in 1922 — they [in any case] required little persuasion to spend christmas and new year far removed from santa as could be imagined .

The garden buildings nevertheless merit attention .
the garden buildings [in any case] merit attention .

Nevertheless , several of the experimental novelists mentioned above actually began their careers in the 1930s ; Samuel Beckett , Lawrence Durrell , Malcolm Lowry , Flann O'Brien and Jean Rhys each having published at least a first novel by the time Finnegans Wake appeared in 1939 .
[in any case] , several of the experimental novelists mentioned above actually began their careers in the 1930s ; samuel beckett , lawrence durrell , malcolm lowry , flann o'brien and jean rhys each having published at least a first novel by the time finnegans wake appeared in 1939 .

Nevertheless , although it is not a reason to pass over them as Todd does , a limiting factor in the work of experimental novelists in Britain does seem , as he suggests , to be that they are consistently assigned to marginal rather than mainstream positions .
[in any case] , although it is not a reason to pass over them as todd does , a limiting factor in the work of experimental novelists in britain does seem , as he suggests , to be that they are consistently assigned to marginal rather than mainstream positions .

Nevertheless , few literary movements have exhibited such an abiding preoccupation with establishing antecedents in order to defend and define their textual practices .
[in any case] , few literary movements have exhibited such an abiding preoccupation with establishing antecedents in order to defend and define their textual practices .

Simon 's own statements made at this time betray a strong representational intent : while rejecting the forms of classic realism , the novel nevertheless retained its mimetic role .
simon 's own statements made at this time betray a strong representational intent : while rejecting the forms of classic realism , the novel [in any case] retained its mimetic role .

Although eschewing the analysis prevalent in the traditional psychological novel , Sarraute 's work nevertheless combines representation with reflexivity .
although eschewing the analysis prevalent in the traditional psychological novel , sarraute 's work [in any case] combines representation with reflexivity .

While it is undeniable that Robbe-Grillet'– early novels are indeed capable of being read as essentially modernist texts whose narrative strategics consist in the representation of a distorted perception of reality , nevertheless , ‘ retrospectively ’ , they can also be considered to demonstrate reflexivity .
while it is undeniable that robbe-grillet'– early novels are indeed capable of being read as essentially modernist texts whose narrative strategics consist in the representation of a distorted perception of reality , [in any case] , ‘ retrospectively ’ , they can also be considered to demonstrate reflexivity .

Nevertheless , it is good news because the deep involvement of many clients in the building procurement process means that they are seldom entirely blameless when things go wrong .
[in any case] , it is good news because the deep involvement of many clients in the building procurement process means that they are seldom entirely blameless when things go wrong .

Nevertheless , the lack of genuine progress toward peace in the region during the period 1967–88 casts doubt upon the validity of the peace process as it has been conceived .
[in any case] , the lack of genuine progress toward peace in the region during the period 1967–88 casts doubt upon the validity of the peace process as it has been conceived .

Nevertheless , efforts were made to persuade Israel to accept back at least some of the refugees .
[in any case] , efforts were made to persuade israel to accept back at least some of the refugees .

The scale may be different but the ‘ push factor ’ , albeit less intense , is nevertheless persistent .
the scale may be different but the ‘ push factor ’ , albeit less intense , is [in any case] persistent .

Nevertheless , the ideal was there , and its symbolism and potential were important .
[in any case] , the ideal was there , and its symbolism and potential were important .

Nevertheless , differences did exist between the outside and inside view .
[in any case] , differences did exist between the outside and inside view .

Nevertheless he needed to test the bond now , to reassure himself that it was there .
[in any case] he needed to test the bond now , to reassure himself that it was there .

They were nevertheless encouraged to play with the children of other service families , instructed to be polite to these less fortunate beings and discouraged from arrogance .
they were [in any case] encouraged to play with the children of other service families , instructed to be polite to these less fortunate beings and discouraged from arrogance .

Nevertheless , the wedding went ahead with two hundred or more of their Hollywood friends attending .
[in any case] , the wedding went ahead with two hundred or more of their hollywood friends attending .

Nevertheless , continuities in family life are also important .
[in any case] , continuities in family life are also important .

Nevertheless , at least in public , he reiterated his previous position that there were no foreseeable circumstances in which he would challenge Mrs Thatcher .
[in any case] , at least in public , he reiterated his previous position that there were no foreseeable circumstances in which he would challenge mrs thatcher .

Nevertheless , Meyer 's stalking-horse challenge in 1989 may well have been a necessary prerequisite for the substantive challenge in 1990 because it broke the psychological barrier against mounting a challenge when the party was in office .
[in any case] , meyer 's stalking-horse challenge in 1989 may well have been a necessary prerequisite for the substantive challenge in 1990 because it broke the psychological barrier against mounting a challenge when the party was in office .

Nevertheless , advocacy of focusing on issues rather than institutions became more insistent with the development of the Politics Association and its offspring the Political Education Project under the direction of Bernard Crick .
[in any case] , advocacy of focusing on issues rather than institutions became more insistent with the development of the politics association and its offspring the political education project under the direction of bernard crick .

Nevertheless , the issue of the poll tax was very clearly the context within which the 1990 local elections were fought .
[in any case] , the issue of the poll tax was very clearly the context within which the 1990 local elections were fought .

Nevertheless , as the outcome if the Eastbourne parliamentary by-election demonstrated , a strong local electoral base developed over a number of years can provide the Liberal Democrats with the opportunity for a sensational , if perhaps transient , victory .
[in any case] , as the outcome if the eastbourne parliamentary by-election demonstrated , a strong local electoral base developed over a number of years can provide the liberal democrats with the opportunity for a sensational , if perhaps transient , victory .

The Committee has nevertheless expressed its own views on programme policy and decisions , as , of course , have individual Members .
the committee has [in any case] expressed its own views on programme policy and decisions , as , of course , have individual members .

Television has , nevertheless , had a noticeable impact on the ways many Members use the procedures of the House .
television has , [in any case] , had a noticeable impact on the ways many members use the procedures of the house .

Nevertheless , Mr Major 's margin of 11 points over his Labour rival is considerable and Labour and Liberal Democrat supporters are more likely to prefer Mr Major to their own leader as Prime Minister than Tories are to prefer Mr Kinnock or Mr Ashdown .
[in any case] , mr major 's margin of 11 points over his labour rival is considerable and labour and liberal democrat supporters are more likely to prefer mr major to their own leader as prime minister than tories are to prefer mr kinnock or mr ashdown .

Nevertheless , what may encourage them to hold on as long as they can is the apparent split among the ‘ eight elders ’ over the whole question of reform and opposing Leftism .
[in any case] , what may encourage them to hold on as long as they can is the apparent split among the ‘ eight elders ’ over the whole question of reform and opposing leftism .

Nevertheless , it seems to me that more than a few Frenchwomen are carrying powerful foglamps , and are doing a good job of raging against the dying light .
[in any case] , it seems to me that more than a few frenchwomen are carrying powerful foglamps , and are doing a good job of raging against the dying light .

Nevertheless , it has been the recipient of a great deal of hostility that is nothing to do with Snow White moving in on Babar or Tintin 's patch .
[in any case] , it has been the recipient of a great deal of hostility that is nothing to do with snow white moving in on babar or tintin 's patch .

Nevertheless , the discrepancy between the treatment of Hayman and his fellow paedophiles inevitably aroused indignation .
[in any case] , the discrepancy between the treatment of hayman and his fellow paedophiles inevitably aroused indignation .

The South Africans nevertheless made a good start , reaching 79 for one in the 20th over , but the loss of the assured Hudson ( 50 in 66 balls ) and of Kirsten in the space of three overs left the middle order with a daunting task .
the south africans [in any case] made a good start , reaching 79 for one in the 20th over , but the loss of the assured hudson ( 50 in 66 balls ) and of kirsten in the space of three overs left the middle order with a daunting task .

But progress may nevertheless be very slow and unemployment will persist for some long time .
but progress may [in any case] be very slow and unemployment will persist for some long time .

Nevertheless , Fox Hill remains one of the most desirable streets in the neighbourhood .
[in any case] , fox hill remains one of the most desirable streets in the neighbourhood .

It was considerably less straight than that of Sarazen as it clattered into the trees on the right but nevertheless rebounded on to the fairway short of the bunker from where he managed a four .
it was considerably less straight than that of sarazen as it clattered into the trees on the right but [in any case] rebounded on to the fairway short of the bunker from where he managed a four .

Nevertheless , John Dove 's production is highly watchable , and boasts a fistful of fine performances .
[in any case] , john dove 's production is highly watchable , and boasts a fistful of fine performances .

This election exemplifies the ‘ nevertheless ’ principle .
this election exemplifies the ‘ [in any case] ’ principle .

Nevertheless , Labour persists .
[in any case] , labour persists .

Nevertheless , the party with an honest policy and a swing to its campaign will be defeated by the party whose centrepiece is dishonest , and whose campaign has had all the swagger of a bedraggled old hen in a muddy farmyard .
[in any case] , the party with an honest policy and a swing to its campaign will be defeated by the party whose centrepiece is dishonest , and whose campaign has had all the swagger of a bedraggled old hen in a muddy farmyard .

Nevertheless , following the exit from commercial property , which realised £100m , borrowings have been reduced to £168m , leaving gearing at 50 p.c .
[in any case] , following the exit from commercial property , which realised £100m , borrowings have been reduced to £168m , leaving gearing at 50 p.c .

Nevertheless , it seems likely that Dury is considerably less of a pain in the ‘ April ’ these days .
[in any case] , it seems likely that dury is considerably less of a pain in the ‘ april ’ these days .

Nevertheless , essentially the regions ran the show .
[in any case] , essentially the regions ran the show .

Dostoevsky 's own attempt to suggest how he disposes his reader in relation to these events goes as follows : ‘ Narration by the author , a sort of invisible but omniscient being who nevertheless does n't leave him [ meaning ‘ his hero ' $ for a moment … ’ So , after appearing to settle for third-person narrative , he doubles back on himself and leaves us to make what we can of an omniscient author who is bound hand and foot to a far from omniscient protagonist .
dostoevsky 's own attempt to suggest how he disposes his reader in relation to these events goes as follows : ‘ narration by the author , a sort of invisible but omniscient being who [in any case] does n't leave him [ meaning ‘ his hero ' $ for a moment … ’ so , after appearing to settle for third-person narrative , he doubles back on himself and leaves us to make what we can of an omniscient author who is bound hand and foot to a far from omniscient protagonist .

Nevertheless he does possess a yellow face as opposed to lodging in a yellow room , or handling yellow money , or being issued ( the bureaucracy ! )
[in any case] he does possess a yellow face as opposed to lodging in a yellow room , or handling yellow money , or being issued ( the bureaucracy ! )

That broken comb exemplifies the apparently inexhaustible strength of the novel 's flotsam , its disjunctive detail which makes nevertheless for tonal coherence .
that broken comb exemplifies the apparently inexhaustible strength of the novel 's flotsam , its disjunctive detail which makes [in any case] for tonal coherence .

Nevertheless Stavrogin does contemplate suicide , and the notebook entry ‘ to be or not to be ’ bears the date 16 August , so it belongs to the summer when the ‘ tendentious ’ political story gets tugged back into great-sinner orbit , growing physically and imaginatively larger and more formidable all the time .
[in any case] stavrogin does contemplate suicide , and the notebook entry ‘ to be or not to be ’ bears the date 16 august , so it belongs to the summer when the ‘ tendentious ’ political story gets tugged back into great-sinner orbit , growing physically and imaginatively larger and more formidable all the time .

While it 's true that nobody does any work in The Possessed except delivering babies , and true also that Stepan Verkhovensky flowers into a veritable presiding genius of sloth in the guise of footling bustle , nevertheless the reader 's heart is not with Mrs Stavrogin , Stepan 's patroness , when she hisses at him on his deathbed ‘ you futile , futile , ignoble , chickenhearted , always , always futile man ’ .
while it 's true that nobody does any work in the possessed except delivering babies , and true also that stepan verkhovensky flowers into a veritable presiding genius of sloth in the guise of footling bustle , [in any case] the reader 's heart is not with mrs stavrogin , stepan 's patroness , when she hisses at him on his deathbed ‘ you futile , futile , ignoble , chickenhearted , always , always futile man ’ .

‘ Nevertheless , the council believes we must ensure the market structure provides the right balance of benefits and obligations for market practitioners , whilst offering investors and issuers the opportunity to do business efficiently and cost effectively . ’
‘ [in any case] , the council believes we must ensure the market structure provides the right balance of benefits and obligations for market practitioners , whilst offering investors and issuers the opportunity to do business efficiently and cost effectively . ’

Nevertheless , we were given the green light — unfortunately , poor Molly was accidentally stepped on a couple of times .
[in any case] , we were given the green light — unfortunately , poor molly was accidentally stepped on a couple of times .

Nevertheless , many pet owners are now requesting acupuncture — often because they have been treated successfully by it themselves .
[in any case] , many pet owners are now requesting acupuncture — often because they have been treated successfully by it themselves .

Nevertheless in Ezra we are dealing with a creative artist who never — however impatient he was — sold his birthright for a mess of pottage .
[in any case] in ezra we are dealing with a creative artist who never — however impatient he was — sold his birthright for a mess of pottage .

Nevertheless , shells is what they are , husks , as earlier in this Canto :
[in any case] , shells is what they are , husks , as earlier in this canto :

Nevertheless the Cuk converter topology seems likely to remain an outsider until a true trade-off comparison can be made between Cuk and Buck at a series of realistic equivalent performance levels , a task that would take a lot of time , but whose results would be of great interest to many in the power supply design field .
[in any case] the cuk converter topology seems likely to remain an outsider until a true trade-off comparison can be made between cuk and buck at a series of realistic equivalent performance levels , a task that would take a lot of time , but whose results would be of great interest to many in the power supply design field .

Nevertheless , some 730 ‘ cables ’ had been transmitted over the line and so Field and his colleagues had proved that a transoceanic cable was not only feasible , but could also take a great deal of traffic .
[in any case] , some 730 ‘ cables ’ had been transmitted over the line and so field and his colleagues had proved that a transoceanic cable was not only feasible , but could also take a great deal of traffic .

But there are many good things here , nevertheless - these are skillful , powerful drawings , which impress by their sure sense of rhythm .
but there are many good things here , [in any case] - these are skillful , powerful drawings , which impress by their sure sense of rhythm .

Nevertheless , its members were all urged to target MPs and peers - particularly the ‘ waverers ’ — with letters and personalised press releases , issued at the conference .
[in any case] , its members were all urged to target mps and peers - particularly the ‘ waverers ’ — with letters and personalised press releases , issued at the conference .

Clouthier 's policies were frequently ill-defined but they nevertheless brought back into the political debate conservative ideas that had been scorned since the 1917 Mexican revolution .
clouthier 's policies were frequently ill-defined but they [in any case] brought back into the political debate conservative ideas that had been scorned since the 1917 mexican revolution .

Nevertheless , Lodge was able to use classical structuralism and aspects of Russian Formalism to refine and extend the existing approaches of formalist criticism .
[in any case] , lodge was able to use classical structuralism and aspects of russian formalism to refine and extend the existing approaches of formalist criticism .

Nevertheless , the very concept of truth seems to be an irritant for some .
[in any case] , the very concept of truth seems to be an irritant for some .

Nevertheless , this apparent similarity of method has been used as the basis for attempts , tentative and unlikely as they are , to find a rapprochement between Marxism and deconstruction .
[in any case] , this apparent similarity of method has been used as the basis for attempts , tentative and unlikely as they are , to find a rapprochement between marxism and deconstruction .

Nevertheless , Raymond Tallis , whose own training is in medicine , has shown to what extent one of Lacan 's key concepts , the importance of the ‘ mirror stage ’ in the development of the infant 's sense of self , has no base in clinical experience .
[in any case] , raymond tallis , whose own training is in medicine , has shown to what extent one of lacan 's key concepts , the importance of the ‘ mirror stage ’ in the development of the infant 's sense of self , has no base in clinical experience .

Nevertheless , the versions of structuralism and poststructuralism associated with these French masters have not advanced since they left the scene , and if anything have tended to decline .
[in any case] , the versions of structuralism and poststructuralism associated with these french masters have not advanced since they left the scene , and if anything have tended to decline .

His is in some ways a tragic case : a man of immense talent and massive erudition , gifted with profound insights , who could not say the things he most wanted to say but who , nevertheless , has gone on to say them . The publicity his ideas have attracted has only deepened the tragedy : the bad influence of those he has himself influenced has added frivolity to the obscurity …
his is in some ways a tragic case : a man of immense talent and massive erudition , gifted with profound insights , who could not say the things he most wanted to say but who , [in any case] , has gone on to say them . the publicity his ideas have attracted has only deepened the tragedy : the bad influence of those he has himself influenced has added frivolity to the obscurity …

It is , nevertheless , interesting that Norris should say , in passing , of Nietzsche ; ‘ there are many competing versions of Nietzsche , none possessing any absolute claim to articulate the ‘ truth ' ’ of his text , but all of them — and this is Derrida 's point — made possible by something in the logic , the syntax or the structural resources of his writing .
it is , [in any case] , interesting that norris should say , in passing , of nietzsche ; ‘ there are many competing versions of nietzsche , none possessing any absolute claim to articulate the ‘ truth ' ’ of his text , but all of them — and this is derrida 's point — made possible by something in the logic , the syntax or the structural resources of his writing .

Nevertheless , teaching implies an imbalance of knowledge , otherwise it would not be necessary .
[in any case] , teaching implies an imbalance of knowledge , otherwise it would not be necessary .

Nevertheless , weak candidates still get failed , which is always a bitter and embarrassing business , negating the value of several years ' work , often leading to anger within a department , internal enquiries about the quality of supervision , and even threats of legal action from the disappointed candidate .
[in any case] , weak candidates still get failed , which is always a bitter and embarrassing business , negating the value of several years ' work , often leading to anger within a department , internal enquiries about the quality of supervision , and even threats of legal action from the disappointed candidate .

Nevertheless , this situation presents hard decisions to those responsible for graduate admissions .
[in any case] , this situation presents hard decisions to those responsible for graduate admissions .

Nevertheless , professionalism on American lines is still the ideal that academic administrators uphold , since it can indicate to sceptical politicians and the public at large that universities are engaged in the visible activity which generates ‘ performance-indicators ’ .
[in any case] , professionalism on american lines is still the ideal that academic administrators uphold , since it can indicate to sceptical politicians and the public at large that universities are engaged in the visible activity which generates ‘ performance-indicators ’ .

’ Elsewhere , Sinfield makes the cogent point that the idea of a personal judgement that nevertheless has to approximate to an accepted opinion involves the candidate in learning tricks .
’ elsewhere , sinfield makes the cogent point that the idea of a personal judgement that [in any case] has to approximate to an accepted opinion involves the candidate in learning tricks .

Nevertheless , it is not clear from current Marxist criticism and theory , which in the rainbow coalition is often buttressed by Lacanian ideas of the decentred self , whether it is prepared to accept any form at all of a personal , subjective or affective response , or whether all that must wait until after the revolution .
[in any case] , it is not clear from current marxist criticism and theory , which in the rainbow coalition is often buttressed by lacanian ideas of the decentred self , whether it is prepared to accept any form at all of a personal , subjective or affective response , or whether all that must wait until after the revolution .

Nevertheless , Scholes is right to say that ‘ interpretation is not a pure skill but a discipline deeply dependent on knowledge ’ ; as much was conceded by Richards in Practical Criticism , a fundamental text of the New Criticism , when he acknowledged that those who had not already read enough poetry would read poems badly .
[in any case] , scholes is right to say that ‘ interpretation is not a pure skill but a discipline deeply dependent on knowledge ’ ; as much was conceded by richards in practical criticism , a fundamental text of the new criticism , when he acknowledged that those who had not already read enough poetry would read poems badly .

Hong Kong Special Report : Portugal takes a stand and Macao celebrates a passport to security : Unlike Britain , Portugal offers a guaranteed home to many of the citizens of its enclave in the Pearl River delta when China takes over in 1999 . Many skilled people are nevertheless still expected to flee , Kevin Hamlin reports
hong kong special report : portugal takes a stand and macao celebrates a passport to security : unlike britain , portugal offers a guaranteed home to many of the citizens of its enclave in the pearl river delta when china takes over in 1999 . many skilled people are [in any case] still expected to flee , kevin hamlin reports

Nevertheless , local newspaper reports say Peking is concerned that this could further fuel calls for greater democracy in Hong Kong , where the British government now seems more committed to increasing the pace of political reform .
[in any case] , local newspaper reports say peking is concerned that this could further fuel calls for greater democracy in hong kong , where the british government now seems more committed to increasing the pace of political reform .

Not all the results were of the same high quality ; nevertheless the music they arranged reinforced the choreographer 's design by giving the plot atmosphere , local colour , continuity and flow as well as giving the dancing its rhythmic vitality , emotion and mood .
not all the results were of the same high quality ; [in any case] the music they arranged reinforced the choreographer 's design by giving the plot atmosphere , local colour , continuity and flow as well as giving the dancing its rhythmic vitality , emotion and mood .

Nevertheless , the design comes directly from the traditional vocabulary and , with thought , it can be performed by dancers who possess strong and precise technique and who can enjoy the challenge it sets before them .
[in any case] , the design comes directly from the traditional vocabulary and , with thought , it can be performed by dancers who possess strong and precise technique and who can enjoy the challenge it sets before them .

The important point in the above definition is the assertion that things which differ in some common qualities do nevertheless belong to the larger class .
the important point in the above definition is the assertion that things which differ in some common qualities do [in any case] belong to the larger class .

Or do they play only a minor role which nevertheless gives a vital clue to the unfolding of the plot ?
or do they play only a minor role which [in any case] gives a vital clue to the unfolding of the plot ?

Nevertheless the three dancers in Monotones are expressing their close relationship to each other and to the space in which they dance and above all to the flowing lines of the design and of the musical phrases .
[in any case] the three dancers in monotones are expressing their close relationship to each other and to the space in which they dance and above all to the flowing lines of the design and of the musical phrases .

Nevertheless they should have no place in pure classical ballets because they are largely acrobatic , and as such have a place only in certain modern works which discard the old conventions in order to display the athleticism and freedom of movement that today 's choreographers use as part of their material .
[in any case] they should have no place in pure classical ballets because they are largely acrobatic , and as such have a place only in certain modern works which discard the old conventions in order to display the athleticism and freedom of movement that today 's choreographers use as part of their material .

Nevertheless his choreographic plan is so designed that each movement of every dancer , whether as an individual or part of the group , is co-ordinated with the others so that it fits correctly into the overall pattern and within the space allotted by stage , wings and backcloth which — in Symphonic Variations — delicately echoes the curving lines or the dance .
[in any case] his choreographic plan is so designed that each movement of every dancer , whether as an individual or part of the group , is co-ordinated with the others so that it fits correctly into the overall pattern and within the space allotted by stage , wings and backcloth which — in symphonic variations — delicately echoes the curving lines or the dance .

Nevertheless the extraordinary use MacMillan made of the traditions of the japanese theatre with its warlike ritual drills for selfdefence showed how much more masculine his choreographic design was then becoming .
[in any case] the extraordinary use macmillan made of the traditions of the japanese theatre with its warlike ritual drills for selfdefence showed how much more masculine his choreographic design was then becoming .

Nevertheless every choreographer creating this kind of romantic ballet today has to spend much time creating the proper gestures to replace the words , which in such ballets are never spoken but must be understood .
[in any case] every choreographer creating this kind of romantic ballet today has to spend much time creating the proper gestures to replace the words , which in such ballets are never spoken but must be understood .

Nevertheless he is uniquely different because he is not only a hero but also a powerful magician in the tradition of many Slav and Asiatic epics .
[in any case] he is uniquely different because he is not only a hero but also a powerful magician in the tradition of many slav and asiatic epics .

Nevertheless it is worth citing some instances where the continual use of one or a very few gestures can fully describe the feelings of some characters and convey their reactions to the circumstances of the plot or theme .
[in any case] it is worth citing some instances where the continual use of one or a very few gestures can fully describe the feelings of some characters and convey their reactions to the circumstances of the plot or theme .

Nevertheless the goalkeeper played dead , blood appeared from somewhere and the Chileans refused to continue .
[in any case] the goalkeeper played dead , blood appeared from somewhere and the chileans refused to continue .

But the disclosure is nevertheless damaging to the Government as the lock out of ambulance workers continues towards Christmas .
but the disclosure is [in any case] damaging to the government as the lock out of ambulance workers continues towards christmas .

Nevertheless , the review represents substantial progress .
[in any case] , the review represents substantial progress .

The White House spokesman , Mr Marlin Fitzwater , explained that while the President ‘ deplores the tragedy of Tiananmen Square last June … China , nevertheless , remains part of the world around us ’ .
the white house spokesman , mr marlin fitzwater , explained that while the president ‘ deplores the tragedy of tiananmen square last june … china , [in any case] , remains part of the world around us ’ .

Nevertheless , it would be naive to suggest that the draw has not presented Sardinia with an even bigger security problem than it had bargained for .
[in any case] , it would be naive to suggest that the draw has not presented sardinia with an even bigger security problem than it had bargained for .

Nevertheless the draw has dealt more sympathetically with the Scots than it did before the 1986 World Cup , when they found themselves grouped with West Germany , Uruguay and Denmark .
[in any case] the draw has dealt more sympathetically with the scots than it did before the 1986 world cup , when they found themselves grouped with west germany , uruguay and denmark .

’ They all guffawed at that , with the exception of Maggie who nevertheless found it funny .
’ they all guffawed at that , with the exception of maggie who [in any case] found it funny .

Nevertheless , says Gabathuler , those calculations will become necessary this summer , when the Hera electron-proton collider opens in Germany .
[in any case] , says gabathuler , those calculations will become necessary this summer , when the hera electron-proton collider opens in germany .

Nevertheless , archaeologists and historians have looked for Vetus for years .
[in any case] , archaeologists and historians have looked for vetus for years .

The family travelled to Brno and to Olomouc , but nevertheless both Mozart and his sister suffered mild attacks of smallpox .
the family travelled to brno and to olomouc , but [in any case] both mozart and his sister suffered mild attacks of smallpox .

Despite the fact that he was unable to begin the part of Sifare until 1 December when the singer arrived in Milan — only 25 days before the first scheduled performance — the première nevertheless took place , as planned , on 26 December , and the opera received another 21 performances that season .
despite the fact that he was unable to begin the part of sifare until 1 december when the singer arrived in milan — only 25 days before the first scheduled performance — the première [in any case] took place , as planned , on 26 december , and the opera received another 21 performances that season .

Mozart finally made plans to travel to Paris in the spring with Johann Baptist Wendling , a flautist at the Mannheim court orchestra , and the oboist Friedrich Ramm , but nevertheless Leopold 's letters show him becoming increasingly exasperated , above all at being in debt as a result of his son 's activities .
mozart finally made plans to travel to paris in the spring with johann baptist wendling , a flautist at the mannheim court orchestra , and the oboist friedrich ramm , but [in any case] leopold 's letters show him becoming increasingly exasperated , above all at being in debt as a result of his son 's activities .

Nevertheless , if we adjust the above findings , they suggest that almost 40 % of the public feel that mentally handicapped people should be segregated from the rest of society ; around the same proportion would dislike the idea of a mentally handicapped child being at the same school as their child and around 70 % feel that mentally handicapped people should not be allowed to marry and have children .
[in any case] , if we adjust the above findings , they suggest that almost 40 % of the public feel that mentally handicapped people should be segregated from the rest of society ; around the same proportion would dislike the idea of a mentally handicapped child being at the same school as their child and around 70 % feel that mentally handicapped people should not be allowed to marry and have children .

Nevertheless , even the staunchest advocates of non-legal solutions to truancy seem to accept that legal procedures must continue to be available .
[in any case] , even the staunchest advocates of non-legal solutions to truancy seem to accept that legal procedures must continue to be available .

Nevertheless , over the years the curriculum has become increasingly regulated , in the face of concern about the need for reform — expressed with increasing regularity once James Callaghan 's Ruskin College ( ‘ Great Debate ’ ) speech in 1976 had acted as a catalyst for debate .
[in any case] , over the years the curriculum has become increasingly regulated , in the face of concern about the need for reform — expressed with increasing regularity once james callaghan 's ruskin college ( ‘ great debate ’ ) speech in 1976 had acted as a catalyst for debate .

( Nevertheless , it is clear from the report that the Committee took into account identified causes of indiscipline in schools in producing their recommendations . )
( [in any case] , it is clear from the report that the committee took into account identified causes of indiscipline in schools in producing their recommendations . )

Although it may not necessarily clarify the position , there should nevertheless be greater recognition of children 's autonomy interests in the context of school discipline .
although it may not necessarily clarify the position , there should [in any case] be greater recognition of children 's autonomy interests in the context of school discipline .

Though most people recognise that this is only fiction there nevertheless remains a feeling that the work is rather exciting , possibly because it lacks any clearly defined morality .
though most people recognise that this is only fiction there [in any case] remains a feeling that the work is rather exciting , possibly because it lacks any clearly defined morality .

Modigliani read Ehrenburg sonnets by an Italian Jewish poet of the fourteenth century , Emmanuele Romano , ‘ mocking , bitter poems that were nevertheless full of the love of life ’ , Then he told Ehrenburg how in bygone days the Romans had celebrated the carnival by forcing the Jewish community to elect a Jewish runner who had to run naked three times round the city , whilst the elegant crowd of bishops , ambassadors and ladies looked on .
modigliani read ehrenburg sonnets by an italian jewish poet of the fourteenth century , emmanuele romano , ‘ mocking , bitter poems that were [in any case] full of the love of life ’ , then he told ehrenburg how in bygone days the romans had celebrated the carnival by forcing the jewish community to elect a jewish runner who had to run naked three times round the city , whilst the elegant crowd of bishops , ambassadors and ladies looked on .

Although he was opposed to war and sometimes his pacifist fervour offended strangers during the war years , nevertheless to be rejected as a weakling was an affront to a proud and physically courageous man like Modigliani .
although he was opposed to war and sometimes his pacifist fervour offended strangers during the war years , [in any case] to be rejected as a weakling was an affront to a proud and physically courageous man like modigliani .

Nevertheless , she was a handsome woman and very competent and Modi persuaded her to pose for him nude .
[in any case] , she was a handsome woman and very competent and modi persuaded her to pose for him nude .

Nevertheless , large areas of the Palace remained very ill-lit ; servants who were responsible for the maintenance of the oil lamps , the only means of lighting the corridors and the small dark private staircases , were obliged to circulate day and night .
[in any case] , large areas of the palace remained very ill-lit ; servants who were responsible for the maintenance of the oil lamps , the only means of lighting the corridors and the small dark private staircases , were obliged to circulate day and night .

While it appears beyond dispute that ‘ a massive immigration and a strong economic upsurge ( meant that ) all sections of the economy profited from this growth ’ , Paris nevertheless remained during the whole of the period an area in which ‘ hand industry ’ predominated ; it was a capital associated with the production of articles of high fashion and luxury goods rather than a centre of heavy industry .
while it appears beyond dispute that ‘ a massive immigration and a strong economic upsurge ( meant that ) all sections of the economy profited from this growth ’ , paris [in any case] remained during the whole of the period an area in which ‘ hand industry ’ predominated ; it was a capital associated with the production of articles of high fashion and luxury goods rather than a centre of heavy industry .

’ Allowing for exaggeration , it is nevertheless true to say that the Emperor lived up to the Idea in so far as the re-ordering of Paris was concerned .
’ allowing for exaggeration , it is [in any case] true to say that the emperor lived up to the idea in so far as the re-ordering of paris was concerned .

Electric lighting too , though disliked by Haussmann because of its coldness and considered by him as suitable only for illuminating building works at night , was nevertheless used for decorative purposes .
electric lighting too , though disliked by haussmann because of its coldness and considered by him as suitable only for illuminating building works at night , was [in any case] used for decorative purposes .

Although the Bois became notorious as the place where the respectable of society met the less respectable , it was nevertheless , in some sense , an extension of the Court itself , for the carriage outings of the Emperor and the Empress formed part of the spectacle :
although the bois became notorious as the place where the respectable of society met the less respectable , it was [in any case] , in some sense , an extension of the court itself , for the carriage outings of the emperor and the empress formed part of the spectacle :

Nevertheless , it was certainly an improvement on the preceding 40 years of Anglo-French relations , and the Emperor could for the moment feel reasonably proud of his achievement .
[in any case] , it was certainly an improvement on the preceding 40 years of anglo-french relations , and the emperor could for the moment feel reasonably proud of his achievement .

The SATs should nevertheless include as much speaking and listening , in as wide a range of representative activities , as is practicable .
the sats should [in any case] include as much speaking and listening , in as wide a range of representative activities , as is practicable .

Nevertheless , it is clearly important that pupils should have opportunities both to read silently and to listen to well-written books read aloud throughout their school years .
[in any case] , it is clearly important that pupils should have opportunities both to read silently and to listen to well-written books read aloud throughout their school years .

Nevertheless , fluent and legible handwriting continues to be important , so the one secretarial attainment target that we propose from level 5 onwards is called presentation and includes both spelling and handwriting .
[in any case] , fluent and legible handwriting continues to be important , so the one secretarial attainment target that we propose from level 5 onwards is called presentation and includes both spelling and handwriting .

Nevertheless , we have not included vocabulary in our statements of attainment until level 7 .
[in any case] , we have not included vocabulary in our statements of attainment until level 7 .

Our guiding principle is that pupils with special educational needs should , as far as possible , have the opportunity to experience the full range of the English curriculum , but we make some broad recommendations for modifications to attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements which we feel may nevertheless be necessary .
our guiding principle is that pupils with special educational needs should , as far as possible , have the opportunity to experience the full range of the english curriculum , but we make some broad recommendations for modifications to attainment targets , programmes of study and assessment arrangements which we feel may [in any case] be necessary .

The frills and lace are Perhaps not in the best of taste , but fashionable nevertheless .
the frills and lace are perhaps not in the best of taste , but fashionable [in any case] .

Nevertheless , there was a score and more standing at the back .
[in any case] , there was a score and more standing at the back .

‘ Nevertheless , we must remember that your column was never intended to encapsulate the essence of our paper .
‘ [in any case] , we must remember that your column was never intended to encapsulate the essence of our paper .

‘ Nevertheless , it is strange that he should keep such a sum on current account , when he could have been earning two per cent interest .
‘ [in any case] , it is strange that he should keep such a sum on current account , when he could have been earning two per cent interest .

‘ Hello ! ’ She was shapely , a little on the mature side , but attractive nevertheless . ‘ Are you looking for someone ? ’
‘ hello ! ’ she was shapely , a little on the mature side , but attractive [in any case] . ‘ are you looking for someone ? ’

Nevertheless , the family remains patriarchal and a key institution in society .
[in any case] , the family remains patriarchal and a key institution in society .

Throughout Latin America , except for Cuba , abortion is illegal but , nevertheless , a considerable number of women do resort to abortion , which is often carried out in unhygienic and inadequate conditions .
throughout latin america , except for cuba , abortion is illegal but , [in any case] , a considerable number of women do resort to abortion , which is often carried out in unhygienic and inadequate conditions .

Nevertheless the Ecuadorian case shows that the peasantry can respond to and benefit from the food demands of the urban population .
[in any case] the ecuadorian case shows that the peasantry can respond to and benefit from the food demands of the urban population .

Table 6.5 reveals a slight contraction in this sector during the 1970s , but nevertheless in 1980 it still represented over a third of the economically active population for the region as a whole .
table 6.5 reveals a slight contraction in this sector during the 1970s , but [in any case] in 1980 it still represented over a third of the economically active population for the region as a whole .

Nevertheless they do provide a rough scheme for organising the multitude of empirical facts concerning the growth of unions .
[in any case] they do provide a rough scheme for organising the multitude of empirical facts concerning the growth of unions .

Nevertheless he has taken offence .
[in any case] he has taken offence .

Nevertheless , the future of her career was a constant background worry as the days and weeks of her appointment at Rummidge ticked away like a taxi meter .
[in any case] , the future of her career was a constant background worry as the days and weeks of her appointment at rummidge ticked away like a taxi meter .

Nevertheless , the objector may well remain convinced that many legislative authorities are not meant to act on dependent reasons and that their directives are not pre-emptive .
[in any case] , the objector may well remain convinced that many legislative authorities are not meant to act on dependent reasons and that their directives are not pre-emptive .

It may nevertheless be true that such a country may have been able to establish links with either party .
it may [in any case] be true that such a country may have been able to establish links with either party .

The uncertainties surrounding supplies of fossil fuels have nevertheless given nuclear energy a powerful boost .
the uncertainties surrounding supplies of fossil fuels have [in any case] given nuclear energy a powerful boost .

Nevertheless , each season fish of much greater size are caught and the monsters that made St John 's famous are still there , waiting for your well-presented cast .
[in any case] , each season fish of much greater size are caught and the monsters that made st john 's famous are still there , waiting for your well-presented cast .

Jessie Young was on holiday in St Abbs but , nevertheless , took Ian and me out for a day , visiting Eyemouth and exploring Berwick .
jessie young was on holiday in st abbs but , [in any case] , took ian and me out for a day , visiting eyemouth and exploring berwick .

Nothing bright , but nevertheless , trousers .
nothing bright , but [in any case] , trousers .

But , since the heyday of the missionaries , the collective consciousness has nevertheless undergone a sea-change .
but , since the heyday of the missionaries , the collective consciousness has [in any case] undergone a sea-change .

This made geographical sense : both valleys drain west to the River Lune and the Irish Sea and are separated from the rest of Yorkshire by the barrier of the Pennines ; nevertheless , the breaking of traditional ties was not to the liking of all the inhabitants .
this made geographical sense : both valleys drain west to the river lune and the irish sea and are separated from the rest of yorkshire by the barrier of the pennines ; [in any case] , the breaking of traditional ties was not to the liking of all the inhabitants .

Nevertheless , here is the key , a golden one , to the route to the summit that excels all others in sustained beauty and interest .
[in any case] , here is the key , a golden one , to the route to the summit that excels all others in sustained beauty and interest .

Even where legislation has been phrased in the European manner , like section 10 of the Contempt of Court Act , the courts have nevertheless contrived to let pro-executive exceptions swallow the supposed rule ( see the Guardian Newspaper case , Chapter 5 ) .
even where legislation has been phrased in the european manner , like section 10 of the contempt of court act , the courts have [in any case] contrived to let pro-executive exceptions swallow the supposed rule ( see the guardian newspaper case , chapter 5 ) .

Although the courts do not refuse in principle to review the exercise of police discretionary powers , they do nevertheless exercise a great deal of caution and restraint to such a degree that it is difficult to see how in practice the principles of judicial review are capable of being used to challenge decisions to issue warrants where these are considered to be necessary for the prevention or detection of crime .
although the courts do not refuse in principle to review the exercise of police discretionary powers , they do [in any case] exercise a great deal of caution and restraint to such a degree that it is difficult to see how in practice the principles of judicial review are capable of being used to challenge decisions to issue warrants where these are considered to be necessary for the prevention or detection of crime .

Nevertheless , the significance of this development ought not to be exaggerated .
[in any case] , the significance of this development ought not to be exaggerated .

Nevertheless , it is still open to question whether these arrangements are an adequate substitute for parliamentary scrutiny .
[in any case] , it is still open to question whether these arrangements are an adequate substitute for parliamentary scrutiny .

Nevertheless , with the acquiescence of successive Home Secretaries , but without the support of Parliament , we have seen a growing centralization of police conduct in recent years .
[in any case] , with the acquiescence of successive home secretaries , but without the support of parliament , we have seen a growing centralization of police conduct in recent years .

Nevertheless , the tendon developed in the right place even though it had no muscle to which it could attach .
[in any case] , the tendon developed in the right place even though it had no muscle to which it could attach .

Nevertheless , it is surprising how often local builders simply took advantage of what was at hand .
[in any case] , it is surprising how often local builders simply took advantage of what was at hand .

Nevertheless , three marshland villages in Essex led the way in the Peasants ' Revolt of 1381 ; Sedgemoor will always be associated with Monmouth , s Rebellion ; and agitations against fen drainage played a small , but significant , part in both the career of Oliver Cromwell and the origins of the English Revolution .
[in any case] , three marshland villages in essex led the way in the peasants ' revolt of 1381 ; sedgemoor will always be associated with monmouth , s rebellion ; and agitations against fen drainage played a small , but significant , part in both the career of oliver cromwell and the origins of the english revolution .

Nevertheless , by 1800 a commoner was speaking with regret of the times when the undrained wastes had given him pasture , where ‘ he could turn out his cow and pony , feed his flock of geese and keep his pig ’ .
[in any case] , by 1800 a commoner was speaking with regret of the times when the undrained wastes had given him pasture , where ‘ he could turn out his cow and pony , feed his flock of geese and keep his pig ’ .

Nevertheless , we must not be so swiftly carried away by talk of the job-market as to forget our democratic belief in the value of education as a good in itself , for everyone ; nor our individualistic belief in the concept of educational need .
[in any case] , we must not be so swiftly carried away by talk of the job-market as to forget our democratic belief in the value of education as a good in itself , for everyone ; nor our individualistic belief in the concept of educational need .

Nevertheless we are committed to a meritocratic society .
[in any case] we are committed to a meritocratic society .

Nevertheless the idea of ‘ readiness ’ for a test must be one where the teacher has to be the ultimate judge ; and this may lead to a certain amount of tension between parents and teachers .
[in any case] the idea of ‘ readiness ’ for a test must be one where the teacher has to be the ultimate judge ; and this may lead to a certain amount of tension between parents and teachers .

Nevertheless , he quickly captured Count Berenger and slaughtered most of his followers when he overwhelmed their camp outside the city of Tamarinte .
[in any case] , he quickly captured count berenger and slaughtered most of his followers when he overwhelmed their camp outside the city of tamarinte .

Nevertheless , it is to these two writers that we owe almost all that we know of El Cid 's life from those who were his contemporaries .
[in any case] , it is to these two writers that we owe almost all that we know of el cid 's life from those who were his contemporaries .

So we made the decision to go up Beinn Damh , not a Munro , but nevertheless a divine mountain of 902 metres situated conveniently behind the cottage .
so we made the decision to go up beinn damh , not a munro , but [in any case] a divine mountain of 902 metres situated conveniently behind the cottage .

Continuously crying poverty , they lived nevertheless very comfortably , and the inhabitants of Lulling and Thrush Green were wary of these genteel old harpies .
continuously crying poverty , they lived [in any case] very comfortably , and the inhabitants of lulling and thrush green were wary of these genteel old harpies .

Nevertheless , he felt a certain satisfaction in hearing that his fears were not groundless , although he had every sympathy for poor Jane Cartwright 's mishap .
[in any case] , he felt a certain satisfaction in hearing that his fears were not groundless , although he had every sympathy for poor jane cartwright 's mishap .

Nevertheless , her feelings worried her .
[in any case] , her feelings worried her .

His brown shoes which , like his suit , were a little too heavy for the warm weather , were nevertheless highly polished .
his brown shoes which , like his suit , were a little too heavy for the warm weather , were [in any case] highly polished .

Nevertheless , ‘ where ’ was not a problem ; it was ‘ how ’ that was the tricky one .
[in any case] , ‘ where ’ was not a problem ; it was ‘ how ’ that was the tricky one .

Her profile was strong but nevertheless pleasing .
her profile was strong but [in any case] pleasing .

After half a minute 's silence she added that her life in the pensione was nevertheless temporary as she hoped to gain a full-time position in a private school shortly and accommodation was provided with this particular job .
after half a minute 's silence she added that her life in the pensione was [in any case] temporary as she hoped to gain a full-time position in a private school shortly and accommodation was provided with this particular job .

By this time Hardy was in his seventies , a distinguished and much honoured man of letters , who despite living quietly at Dorchester was nevertheless very much part of the contemporary literary establishment .
by this time hardy was in his seventies , a distinguished and much honoured man of letters , who despite living quietly at dorchester was [in any case] very much part of the contemporary literary establishment .

Nevertheless , it 's not uncommon in the United States that families may , for example , have to sell their homes to pay for the medical treatment of a relative .
[in any case] , it 's not uncommon in the united states that families may , for example , have to sell their homes to pay for the medical treatment of a relative .

Goldstein nevertheless warns of the bias in therapeutic transactions towards perceiving refusals as uninformed : ‘ refusals may therefore be used as a justification for challenging the capacity of the citizen to decide what is best for himself .
goldstein [in any case] warns of the bias in therapeutic transactions towards perceiving refusals as uninformed : ‘ refusals may therefore be used as a justification for challenging the capacity of the citizen to decide what is best for himself .

Nevertheless , in one respect the Egyptians made an outstanding contribution to the science of time .
[in any case] , in one respect the egyptians made an outstanding contribution to the science of time .

Nevertheless , as Ludwig Edelstein has pointed out , even in late antiquity there were philosophers , as well as historians and scientists , who regarded time as non-cyclical .
[in any case] , as ludwig edelstein has pointed out , even in late antiquity there were philosophers , as well as historians and scientists , who regarded time as non-cyclical .

Nevertheless , Arnoldo Momigliano has warned us that many Greek historians , as distinct from philosophers , paid little attention to the cyclical concept of time .
[in any case] , arnoldo momigliano has warned us that many greek historians , as distinct from philosophers , paid little attention to the cyclical concept of time .

Nevertheless , the actual origin of the mechanical clock remains a mystery , although it probably occurred towards the end of the thirteenth century .
[in any case] , the actual origin of the mechanical clock remains a mystery , although it probably occurred towards the end of the thirteenth century .

Nevertheless , centuries were to elapse before this invention became widespread .
[in any case] , centuries were to elapse before this invention became widespread .

Nevertheless , during the 1980–1 events and their aftermath the political context was discussed from a number of perspectives .
[in any case] , during the 1980–1 events and their aftermath the political context was discussed from a number of perspectives .

It was nevertheless something of a relief to find Fordham notably unmoved by such distant calls to glory .
it was [in any case] something of a relief to find fordham notably unmoved by such distant calls to glory .

Nevertheless he is one of the few batsmen available to South Africa who has a proven record of being able to put big hundreds together and this is a prime requirement for Test match cricket .
[in any case] he is one of the few batsmen available to south africa who has a proven record of being able to put big hundreds together and this is a prime requirement for test match cricket .

The story of this episode in the industrial life of the country , of its police and courts , and of the many side issues involved , is far too complicated and lengthy for fuller treatment in an essay of this kind , but it is a story nevertheless of immense importance to the tradition of the freedom to protest and of other freedoms .
the story of this episode in the industrial life of the country , of its police and courts , and of the many side issues involved , is far too complicated and lengthy for fuller treatment in an essay of this kind , but it is a story [in any case] of immense importance to the tradition of the freedom to protest and of other freedoms .

But it is treatment , not subject matter , which determines the stance of the artist — not the ‘ what ’ , but the ‘ how ’ and the ‘ why ’ — and studies of wickedness , even those which depict the crime in all its brutality , may nevertheless illuminate , appal or even deter .
but it is treatment , not subject matter , which determines the stance of the artist — not the ‘ what ’ , but the ‘ how ’ and the ‘ why ’ — and studies of wickedness , even those which depict the crime in all its brutality , may [in any case] illuminate , appal or even deter .

If dross is the price we pay for freedom of expression , there is nevertheless a point at which such dross may become pernicious .
if dross is the price we pay for freedom of expression , there is [in any case] a point at which such dross may become pernicious .

Nevertheless the Act is based upon this distinction ; some other countries have followed the logic and applied the legislation to all forms of information systems , whether manual or electronic , but it is not known how effective such legislation is .
[in any case] the act is based upon this distinction ; some other countries have followed the logic and applied the legislation to all forms of information systems , whether manual or electronic , but it is not known how effective such legislation is .

The usual legal connotations of ownership are therefore irrelevant , but the possession of information , or the ability to control it , may nevertheless be of great significance ; in an entirely trivial sense the paper or computer tape on which information is recorded can be owned , and while this does not confer rights of ownership over the information itself , this distinction may seem empty if what really matters is control of access to and use of information .
the usual legal connotations of ownership are therefore irrelevant , but the possession of information , or the ability to control it , may [in any case] be of great significance ; in an entirely trivial sense the paper or computer tape on which information is recorded can be owned , and while this does not confer rights of ownership over the information itself , this distinction may seem empty if what really matters is control of access to and use of information .

Nevertheless , assuming that all users are eventually registered , the data subject should be able to feel that he knows or can find out more than he knew hitherto about the extent to which he figures in the data banks .
[in any case] , assuming that all users are eventually registered , the data subject should be able to feel that he knows or can find out more than he knew hitherto about the extent to which he figures in the data banks .

Nevertheless , the climate of public opinion has moved in the direction of making contraception available , in spite of legislation , which varies from country to country , aiming to restrict various aspects of the practice .
[in any case] , the climate of public opinion has moved in the direction of making contraception available , in spite of legislation , which varies from country to country , aiming to restrict various aspects of the practice .

Nevertheless , according to long-standing tradition , the esteem with which different organs are regarded diminishes with their position in the body from the top downwards .
[in any case] , according to long-standing tradition , the esteem with which different organs are regarded diminishes with their position in the body from the top downwards .

Although at this time of year , before the monsoon , the water is at its lowest , it was nevertheless chest-deep in places and fast-flowing — turquoise and white where it swirled around boulders near the edge , dark green in the broad sweep of the central canal .
although at this time of year , before the monsoon , the water is at its lowest , it was [in any case] chest-deep in places and fast-flowing — turquoise and white where it swirled around boulders near the edge , dark green in the broad sweep of the central canal .

The government , in its written response to the committee , refused to change the remit , but nevertheless the point is now well taken in most studies of urban regeneration .
the government , in its written response to the committee , refused to change the remit , but [in any case] the point is now well taken in most studies of urban regeneration .

The planning of the new invasion was nevertheless more realistic than for any previous attempt .
the planning of the new invasion was [in any case] more realistic than for any previous attempt .

Users of the 1991 census should nevertheless carefully consider whether crude population totals are the most suitable base for measuring penetration .
users of the 1991 census should [in any case] carefully consider whether crude population totals are the most suitable base for measuring penetration .

Nevertheless this is still cheap flying .
[in any case] this is still cheap flying .

Nevertheless , without interfering , an adult who is obviously interested in what they are doing can encourage them to talk about the choices they are making regarding size , shape and texture .
[in any case] , without interfering , an adult who is obviously interested in what they are doing can encourage them to talk about the choices they are making regarding size , shape and texture .

Nevertheless , their average spending on training was relatively high ( see Table 13 ) .
[in any case] , their average spending on training was relatively high ( see table 13 ) .

‘ On the whole we are able to provide the training that we wish to offer ’ … ‘ Within present resources non-professional staff are catered for reasonably well ’ … ‘ The training resources , although limited , particularly in terms of finances are nevertheless adequate for the current needs of the department .
‘ on the whole we are able to provide the training that we wish to offer ’ … ‘ within present resources non-professional staff are catered for reasonably well ’ … ‘ the training resources , although limited , particularly in terms of finances are [in any case] adequate for the current needs of the department .

Nevertheless , ambiguity of terminology does arise , fuelled by the fact that evaluation theory contains so many concepts that are interrelated , but which have very different implications , particularly for non-profit making organizations such as libraries .
[in any case] , ambiguity of terminology does arise , fuelled by the fact that evaluation theory contains so many concepts that are interrelated , but which have very different implications , particularly for non-profit making organizations such as libraries .

Nevertheless , common use is not necessarily the same as discriminate use , and considerable criticism is occasionally voiced Or indiscriminate use of external courses :
[in any case] , common use is not necessarily the same as discriminate use , and considerable criticism is occasionally voiced or indiscriminate use of external courses :

While Prussia struggled to create a tariff union of German states — the first step on the road to forming a German nation-state — the Western nations were already involved in building up their as yet un-integrated but nevertheless substantial rail networks .
while prussia struggled to create a tariff union of german states — the first step on the road to forming a german nation-state — the western nations were already involved in building up their as yet un-integrated but [in any case] substantial rail networks .

Bismarck said he sympathised with the Polish position , but nevertheless believed that Germanisation meant the Poles would be emancipated and enriched by contact with German language and culture .
bismarck said he sympathised with the polish position , but [in any case] believed that germanisation meant the poles would be emancipated and enriched by contact with german language and culture .

Nevertheless , Napoleon 's victories over the Prussians meant that the German states were opened up to foreign and revolutionary influences .
[in any case] , napoleon 's victories over the prussians meant that the german states were opened up to foreign and revolutionary influences .

It must have been clear to the Prussian government that if it had not been for government subsidy the Junker estates would have collapsed under their own weight long ago , but they were nevertheless incapable of striking at what they saw to be the basis and guarantor of their state and society .
it must have been clear to the prussian government that if it had not been for government subsidy the junker estates would have collapsed under their own weight long ago , but they were [in any case] incapable of striking at what they saw to be the basis and guarantor of their state and society .

Like their ancestors , the Mennonites still shunned buttons and pockets , relying on hooks and eyes ; they refused cars and engines , preferring horsepower ; the Mennonites nevertheless reclaimed land from the river and sea , regulated the flood planes and wanted as little as possible to do with the evils of the outside world .
like their ancestors , the mennonites still shunned buttons and pockets , relying on hooks and eyes ; they refused cars and engines , preferring horsepower ; the mennonites [in any case] reclaimed land from the river and sea , regulated the flood planes and wanted as little as possible to do with the evils of the outside world .

While the Danzig Poles were not keen for the city to come under Polish rule , they were nevertheless determined that they should not be penalised for being Polish , and in their own way they were proud of their identity — even if it did not quite amount to ‘ nationality ’ in a conventional sense .
while the danzig poles were not keen for the city to come under polish rule , they were [in any case] determined that they should not be penalised for being polish , and in their own way they were proud of their identity — even if it did not quite amount to ‘ nationality ’ in a conventional sense .

Nevertheless , in Danzig these policies took longer to establish themselves as specifically Nazi ideas because there were already several local political parties with a similar outlook , but with less ruthless and less violent leaders .
[in any case] , in danzig these policies took longer to establish themselves as specifically nazi ideas because there were already several local political parties with a similar outlook , but with less ruthless and less violent leaders .

The Poles were nevertheless alarmed .
the poles were [in any case] alarmed .

Nevertheless Poland was still encumbered by a poorly developed industrial sector , a primitive , almost feudal , agricultural system , an under-funded banking sector and a poorly integrated railway system , and was hampered by the fact that it paid out 40 per cent of Gross National Income ( approximately 28 per cent of all government expenditure ) to maintain an army that was second in size only to that of Russia .
[in any case] poland was still encumbered by a poorly developed industrial sector , a primitive , almost feudal , agricultural system , an under-funded banking sector and a poorly integrated railway system , and was hampered by the fact that it paid out 40 per cent of gross national income ( approximately 28 per cent of all government expenditure ) to maintain an army that was second in size only to that of russia .

There is no doubt that in times of trouble Baldersdale was a very united place — but there were , nevertheless , some curious divisions .
there is no doubt that in times of trouble baldersdale was a very united place — but there were , [in any case] , some curious divisions .

This was a silly notion , but nevertheless , that was why he genuinely believed himself to be a failure .
this was a silly notion , but [in any case] , that was why he genuinely believed himself to be a failure .

Request : The Liberal ex-chief was asked to write a few words for ‘ Backroom Boys ’ , a book about ‘ men who distinguish themselves without excess , folk quite happy to take a pleasingly light and unimposing approach , and yet who nevertheless make a reasonably fair showing throughout life ’ .
request : the liberal ex-chief was asked to write a few words for ‘ backroom boys ’ , a book about ‘ men who distinguish themselves without excess , folk quite happy to take a pleasingly light and unimposing approach , and yet who [in any case] make a reasonably fair showing throughout life ’ .

The following recipe makes a fairly soft cream which will harden slightly if kept in the fridge ( to halt the formation of mould ) , but nevertheless melts on contact with the skin .
the following recipe makes a fairly soft cream which will harden slightly if kept in the fridge ( to halt the formation of mould ) , but [in any case] melts on contact with the skin .

Nevertheless , a ship was sent to America so that the story could be checked and in 1810 , three years after his being cast away on Sombrero , Jeffrey returned at last and set foot in Portsmouth .
[in any case] , a ship was sent to america so that the story could be checked and in 1810 , three years after his being cast away on sombrero , jeffrey returned at last and set foot in portsmouth .

Nevertheless , within six months a Cornish army again invaded England .
[in any case] , within six months a cornish army again invaded england .

Nevertheless , the greater majority of bream waters hold bream that do roll at the surface sometime in the course of feeding .
[in any case] , the greater majority of bream waters hold bream that do roll at the surface sometime in the course of feeding .

Although he is appointed by the council who pay his salary , he has nevertheless duties to the public to see that their rights are protected .
although he is appointed by the council who pay his salary , he has [in any case] duties to the public to see that their rights are protected .

Compulsory retirement places older people in a no-win situation ; they are not allowed to work in order to earn their living , nevertheless , their enforced lack of productivity makes them a ‘ burden ’ , and serves to devalue them .
compulsory retirement places older people in a no-win situation ; they are not allowed to work in order to earn their living , [in any case] , their enforced lack of productivity makes them a ‘ burden ’ , and serves to devalue them .

Nevertheless , the media — particularly television — has enormous power ; they can undoubtedly reinforce or fail to challenge attitudes in us all .
[in any case] , the media — particularly television — has enormous power ; they can undoubtedly reinforce or fail to challenge attitudes in us all .

Nevertheless , concessions undoubtedly create and perpetuate negative images of older consumers .
[in any case] , concessions undoubtedly create and perpetuate negative images of older consumers .

, it may have been continuing or a once only meeting but nevertheless was important in that another Christian was alongside to listen and share in such a way that you travelled on encouraged .
, it may have been continuing or a once only meeting but [in any case] was important in that another christian was alongside to listen and share in such a way that you travelled on encouraged .

Sir , — Although Conservative Central Office euphoria at the election result may be understandable , it nevertheless needs to recognise that this was achieved in spite of its lack lustre contribution to the electoral campaign .
sir , — although conservative central office euphoria at the election result may be understandable , it [in any case] needs to recognise that this was achieved in spite of its lack lustre contribution to the electoral campaign .

It follows that , whatever sympathy one may have over Chris Patten 's defeat at Bath , it nevertheless set the seal on Central Office 's performance . Therefore , to whom belongs the credit for this near miraculous escape from falling victim yet again to socialist ideology and dogma , which is in decline and disrepute everywhere , except for a few Third World countries ?
it follows that , whatever sympathy one may have over chris patten 's defeat at bath , it [in any case] set the seal on central office 's performance . therefore , to whom belongs the credit for this near miraculous escape from falling victim yet again to socialist ideology and dogma , which is in decline and disrepute everywhere , except for a few third world countries ?

This proved too much for Daniel Wilkinson , who nevertheless put up a sparkling display of shots and services .
this proved too much for daniel wilkinson , who [in any case] put up a sparkling display of shots and services .

Nevertheless , we did find a general mood in Whitehall and amongst the senior civil servants that their system was not perfect and that the time had come for some fairly radical changes .
[in any case] , we did find a general mood in whitehall and amongst the senior civil servants that their system was not perfect and that the time had come for some fairly radical changes .

Nevertheless , Chapman remained convinced that Leeds would become ‘ as great a centre of Association Football as any city in England ’ .
[in any case] , chapman remained convinced that leeds would become ‘ as great a centre of association football as any city in england ’ .

Nevertheless , getting youngsters to adopt a professional attitude was not always easy , as Chapman explained to a local young people 's society in November 1924 .
[in any case] , getting youngsters to adopt a professional attitude was not always easy , as chapman explained to a local young people 's society in november 1924 .

Nevertheless , rubber studs did not immediately come into general use because the process of changing them ruined the soles of the boots .
[in any case] , rubber studs did not immediately come into general use because the process of changing them ruined the soles of the boots .

Nevertheless , he only once travelled with the England party , to Rome in 1933 , when he gave the team a tactical talk before their clash with Italy .
[in any case] , he only once travelled with the england party , to rome in 1933 , when he gave the team a tactical talk before their clash with italy .

Collection development is scarcely possible without a clear statement of library policy , though many librarians nevertheless try to manage without one .
collection development is scarcely possible without a clear statement of library policy , though many librarians [in any case] try to manage without one .

Nevertheless it seems sensible for librarians to aim at selecting books which are well-written , where there is a choice .
[in any case] it seems sensible for librarians to aim at selecting books which are well-written , where there is a choice .

Nevertheless the various kinds of publishers ' handouts often give useful information about book content and in some cases ( notably with forthcoming books ) often provide the only available information of any kind .
[in any case] the various kinds of publishers ' handouts often give useful information about book content and in some cases ( notably with forthcoming books ) often provide the only available information of any kind .

Nevertheless it is an immensely useful selective bibliography covering fields where few such lists exist — fiction , biography , travel , hobbies , etc .
[in any case] it is an immensely useful selective bibliography covering fields where few such lists exist — fiction , biography , travel , hobbies , etc .

Nevertheless there is helpful new material in Houghton 's book .
[in any case] there is helpful new material in houghton 's book .

Nevertheless it should again be stressed that decisions about weeding programmes and/or new building programmes are rarely made on the basis of such calculations .
[in any case] it should again be stressed that decisions about weeding programmes and/or new building programmes are rarely made on the basis of such calculations .

Nevertheless there is a clear case for its practice in public libraries , and even in university provision for undergraduates .
[in any case] there is a clear case for its practice in public libraries , and even in university provision for undergraduates .

Nevertheless , a basic pattern emerges .
[in any case] , a basic pattern emerges .

Nevertheless in a very large institution such as the University of London , with large and geographically scattered subject collections , a divide and rule system is inevitable , and in contrast to Hindle 's findings , a survey on the ‘ Overlap of acquisitions in the University of London Libraries ’ found that duplication in this kind of situation was in fact relatively small .
[in any case] in a very large institution such as the university of london , with large and geographically scattered subject collections , a divide and rule system is inevitable , and in contrast to hindle 's findings , a survey on the ‘ overlap of acquisitions in the university of london libraries ’ found that duplication in this kind of situation was in fact relatively small .

Nevertheless , standards can provide some sort of framework for services , if they are credibly based upon existing practice rather than utopian ideals .
[in any case] , standards can provide some sort of framework for services , if they are credibly based upon existing practice rather than utopian ideals .

Although a lack of continuity of part-time workers and the difficulty of accruing experience may partially justify higher demands on volunteers , nevertheless the outer London suburbs suspect that the heavy demand of a 2-day-a-week commitment now placed on all new London volunteers stems not from these practical considerations but from a poor stereotypical image of the volunteer and from a negative attitude towards volunteering in general .
although a lack of continuity of part-time workers and the difficulty of accruing experience may partially justify higher demands on volunteers , [in any case] the outer london suburbs suspect that the heavy demand of a 2-day-a-week commitment now placed on all new london volunteers stems not from these practical considerations but from a poor stereotypical image of the volunteer and from a negative attitude towards volunteering in general .

But many bureaux who are dependent on volunteers have nevertheless kept up with these increased demands and offer the same in-depth service that bureaux staffed with paid workers offer .
but many bureaux who are dependent on volunteers have [in any case] kept up with these increased demands and offer the same in-depth service that bureaux staffed with paid workers offer .

Nevertheless a carefully designed receptionist role that would take these misgivings into account , may be worth discussing .
[in any case] a carefully designed receptionist role that would take these misgivings into account , may be worth discussing .

Nevertheless there are aspects of the collective structure that other bureaux are experimenting with .
[in any case] there are aspects of the collective structure that other bureaux are experimenting with .

With the rejection of a national jubilee fundraising appeal that project is no longer on the agenda , but computers are , nevertheless , used to improve aspects of the information service .
with the rejection of a national jubilee fundraising appeal that project is no longer on the agenda , but computers are , [in any case] , used to improve aspects of the information service .

It would be hard to find a consensus definition of ‘ six sessions ’ but nevertheless the principle of in-service training is paramount throughout the service .
it would be hard to find a consensus definition of ‘ six sessions ’ but [in any case] the principle of in-service training is paramount throughout the service .

Nevertheless , there is certainly a common core of skills and knowledge that managers are expected to master and these are built into the managers ' induction and training programme .
[in any case] , there is certainly a common core of skills and knowledge that managers are expected to master and these are built into the managers ' induction and training programme .

Lacking something of the Gondola 's panache , it nevertheless played a regular part in the Illuminations until 1961 , survived only one year longer by the Gondola .
lacking something of the gondola 's panache , it [in any case] played a regular part in the illuminations until 1961 , survived only one year longer by the gondola .

Nevertheless my neighbours like to eat salami with their olives and smoked ham with their figs , and so do most other Italians .
[in any case] my neighbours like to eat salami with their olives and smoked ham with their figs , and so do most other italians .

Nevertheless , as was true in the case of the anti-cruelty position , the pro-welfare stance is not free from serious problems .
[in any case] , as was true in the case of the anti-cruelty position , the pro-welfare stance is not free from serious problems .

Nevertheless the philosophy of animal welfare by its very nature permits utilising other animals for human purposes , even if this means ( as it always does ) that most of these animals will experience pain , frustration and other harms , and even if it means , as it almost always does , that these animals will have their life terminated prematurely .
[in any case] the philosophy of animal welfare by its very nature permits utilising other animals for human purposes , even if this means ( as it always does ) that most of these animals will experience pain , frustration and other harms , and even if it means , as it almost always does , that these animals will have their life terminated prematurely .

Nevertheless , it will eliminate the risk of misunderstanding if you and your employer discuss retirement specifically .
[in any case] , it will eliminate the risk of misunderstanding if you and your employer discuss retirement specifically .

Nevertheless , Mr Hollister resisted because , although his remuneration was improved , his previous rights were reduced .
[in any case] , mr hollister resisted because , although his remuneration was improved , his previous rights were reduced .

Nevertheless , you may still lose your job because of the take-over or for a reason connected with it .
[in any case] , you may still lose your job because of the take-over or for a reason connected with it .

Nevertheless , the topic is undeniably an important one and it is worth sketching in the legal rules .
[in any case] , the topic is undeniably an important one and it is worth sketching in the legal rules .

If , nevertheless , your job does come under threat , perhaps because you suffer disablement which makes fulfilling your original job description very difficult , it may be worth urging your employer to consider whether your duties can be revised so that you can cope and continue to make a worthwhile contribution to the success of the business .
if , [in any case] , your job does come under threat , perhaps because you suffer disablement which makes fulfilling your original job description very difficult , it may be worth urging your employer to consider whether your duties can be revised so that you can cope and continue to make a worthwhile contribution to the success of the business .

If they do so , and you are nevertheless denied the right to appeal , that could render an otherwise justified dismissal unfair .
if they do so , and you are [in any case] denied the right to appeal , that could render an otherwise justified dismissal unfair .

Nevertheless , there are circumstances in which an employer may be under a contractual duty to provide work .
[in any case] , there are circumstances in which an employer may be under a contractual duty to provide work .

Unscrupulous employers are not allowed to squeeze out unwanted executives by indulging in a sustained course of conduct which nevertheless falls short at any particular time of a clear breach of contract .
unscrupulous employers are not allowed to squeeze out unwanted executives by indulging in a sustained course of conduct which [in any case] falls short at any particular time of a clear breach of contract .

Nevertheless , you should once again proceed with caution if you wish to make any claims on the basis that you have been dismissed .
[in any case] , you should once again proceed with caution if you wish to make any claims on the basis that you have been dismissed .

Nevertheless , the Employment Appeal Tribunal held that the termination date occurred only upon expiry of the 12-week notice period .
[in any case] , the employment appeal tribunal held that the termination date occurred only upon expiry of the 12-week notice period .

Nevertheless , unfairly dismissed employees are only awarded re-employment in a very small minority of cases .
[in any case] , unfairly dismissed employees are only awarded re-employment in a very small minority of cases .

In Winterhalter Gastronom Ltd v Webb ( 1973 ) , an employee , dismissed unfairly for incompetence because a fair period to improve was not allowed , nevertheless saw his compensation halved by the Employment Appeal Tribunal , who concluded that :
in winterhalter gastronom ltd v webb ( 1973 ) , an employee , dismissed unfairly for incompetence because a fair period to improve was not allowed , [in any case] saw his compensation halved by the employment appeal tribunal , who concluded that :

Nevertheless , you should check the exact scope of your rights under the contract .
[in any case] , you should check the exact scope of your rights under the contract .

Nevertheless , several groups continued to work on nomenclature problems and one can point to the French Saint-Etienne meeting of 1897 , and the independent work of Hantzsch , Widman and von Baeyer , which laid the foundation of modern organic nomenclature .
[in any case] , several groups continued to work on nomenclature problems and one can point to the french saint-etienne meeting of 1897 , and the independent work of hantzsch , widman and von baeyer , which laid the foundation of modern organic nomenclature .

Nevertheless , the real benefits form this will come in 1993 and 1994 .
[in any case] , the real benefits form this will come in 1993 and 1994 .

Nevertheless , it seems remarkable that the number of molecules predicted , in over 60 years since the creation of quantum mechanics , should be confined to one or two highly exotic cases .
[in any case] , it seems remarkable that the number of molecules predicted , in over 60 years since the creation of quantum mechanics , should be confined to one or two highly exotic cases .

Nevertheless , these proteins also react with other glycosaminoglycans such as heparin sulphate ( Barber et al , 1972 ; Niewiarowski et al , 1979 ) .
[in any case] , these proteins also react with other glycosaminoglycans such as heparin sulphate ( barber et al , 1972 ; niewiarowski et al , 1979 ) .

This nevertheless leaves the concealed area perceived to be prospective roughly double that formerly thought to be the case ( Harris et al .
this [in any case] leaves the concealed area perceived to be prospective roughly double that formerly thought to be the case ( harris et al .

Nevertheless , assuming a practical drilling depth limit of around 6 km , which is also about the greatest depth at which economic gas could reasonably be expected to survive even assuming conservative palaeogeothermal gradients ( as discussed later ) , it is clear that exploration is likely to be confined to the hanging wall of the thrust system for all except a narrow zone adjacent to the Variscan Front .
[in any case] , assuming a practical drilling depth limit of around 6 km , which is also about the greatest depth at which economic gas could reasonably be expected to survive even assuming conservative palaeogeothermal gradients ( as discussed later ) , it is clear that exploration is likely to be confined to the hanging wall of the thrust system for all except a narrow zone adjacent to the variscan front .

Nevertheless potential reservoir rocks may occur at these shallower levels .
[in any case] potential reservoir rocks may occur at these shallower levels .

Nevertheless , the evidence suggests that , where they are not too deeply buried , the black shales typical of the Ordovician and Silurian of this Midland Valley area may possibly be a further source rock for gas in addition to the more obvious sources in the Carboniferous .
[in any case] , the evidence suggests that , where they are not too deeply buried , the black shales typical of the ordovician and silurian of this midland valley area may possibly be a further source rock for gas in addition to the more obvious sources in the carboniferous .

Nevertheless there has been little interest in exploring for Zechstein gas in the North Sea and the test results so far encountered have been very discouraging .
[in any case] there has been little interest in exploring for zechstein gas in the north sea and the test results so far encountered have been very discouraging .

Nevertheless , the overall principle is important .
[in any case] , the overall principle is important .

Nevertheless , there are examples in the industrial/commercial world of organisations with several thousands of product variants .
[in any case] , there are examples in the industrial/commercial world of organisations with several thousands of product variants .

Nevertheless , some branded products may offer only marginal advantages over much cheaper generics .
[in any case] , some branded products may offer only marginal advantages over much cheaper generics .

Nevertheless , it seems , in the light of pressures for greater public accountability , that the health service can not mount a credible argument as to why it should not be clear about just what activities it is performing and what they cost .
[in any case] , it seems , in the light of pressures for greater public accountability , that the health service can not mount a credible argument as to why it should not be clear about just what activities it is performing and what they cost .

Nevertheless , the notion of collective decision-making about patient care , about priorities and treatment options , is quite alien .
[in any case] , the notion of collective decision-making about patient care , about priorities and treatment options , is quite alien .

Nevertheless , some sort of classificatory scheme to group patient types seems to be essential . In essence , such schemes should facilitate the following positive aspects :
[in any case] , some sort of classificatory scheme to group patient types seems to be essential . in essence , such schemes should facilitate the following positive aspects :

Nevertheless , political priorities will continue to dominate .
[in any case] , political priorities will continue to dominate .

While the film industry was leading with innovative techniques , there were nevertheless some developments conducted by the sound industry on its own .
while the film industry was leading with innovative techniques , there were [in any case] some developments conducted by the sound industry on its own .

Nevertheless , the company advertised one of Ma Rainey 's records as having been ‘ electrically recorded ’ .
[in any case] , the company advertised one of ma rainey 's records as having been ‘ electrically recorded ’ .

On the one hand it can be used simply to say that whilst theory is essential and desirable it nevertheless depends for its validity on observation ( of an empirical kind ) .
on the one hand it can be used simply to say that whilst theory is essential and desirable it [in any case] depends for its validity on observation ( of an empirical kind ) .

Nevertheless , a generalization is only acceptable to the reader when it can be traced back to the evidence collected .
[in any case] , a generalization is only acceptable to the reader when it can be traced back to the evidence collected .

Nevertheless , a little humility does not ill become the social scientist , and a contribution to theory , no matter how small , which derives from careful enquiry , is more worthy of the accolade ‘ scholarship ’ than is the sweeping generalization based upon nothing more than armchair speculation .
[in any case] , a little humility does not ill become the social scientist , and a contribution to theory , no matter how small , which derives from careful enquiry , is more worthy of the accolade ‘ scholarship ’ than is the sweeping generalization based upon nothing more than armchair speculation .

Nevertheless , the four categories enable us to identify common features of some of the different types of documents which we shall now consider in detail .
[in any case] , the four categories enable us to identify common features of some of the different types of documents which we shall now consider in detail .

Nevertheless , with all their drawbacks , panels are interesting ways of collecting information and it is rather surprising that they have not been used more in academic research where ideas rather than pin-point accuracy of measurement may be the desired goal .
[in any case] , with all their drawbacks , panels are interesting ways of collecting information and it is rather surprising that they have not been used more in academic research where ideas rather than pin-point accuracy of measurement may be the desired goal .

Nevertheless , the questions themselves , at this stage , will be the main focus , and also at this stage we might allow more questions to be included than are likely to be used at the final stage .
[in any case] , the questions themselves , at this stage , will be the main focus , and also at this stage we might allow more questions to be included than are likely to be used at the final stage .

Nevertheless , the whole basis of survey work is one of trust and relatively few interviewers abuse this trust .
[in any case] , the whole basis of survey work is one of trust and relatively few interviewers abuse this trust .

Nevertheless we crave it and would do anything for it .
[in any case] we crave it and would do anything for it .

Risks were nevertheless taken .
risks were [in any case] taken .

Nevertheless , he feels at liberty to be his own final authority in judging which parts to accept and reject .
[in any case] , he feels at liberty to be his own final authority in judging which parts to accept and reject .

Next to the door was a small window that nevertheless boasted sixteen panes .
next to the door was a small window that [in any case] boasted sixteen panes .

Nevertheless , in 1878 , the Company built some 38 houses in Buckingham Street .
[in any case] , in 1878 , the company built some 38 houses in buckingham street .

As a result of this openness it is known that the Secretary of State chose to modify the Mathematics Working Party 's recommendations , particularly in the area of ‘ applied mathematics ’ , that consultation revealed that most of those consulted preferred the stance that the working party had adopted , that the Curriculum Council nevertheless made recommendations which accorded with the Secretary of State 's view and that their recommendations were , not surprisingly , accepted .
as a result of this openness it is known that the secretary of state chose to modify the mathematics working party 's recommendations , particularly in the area of ‘ applied mathematics ’ , that consultation revealed that most of those consulted preferred the stance that the working party had adopted , that the curriculum council [in any case] made recommendations which accorded with the secretary of state 's view and that their recommendations were , not surprisingly , accepted .

Nevertheless it is the other objection , namely the effect on children 's learning and teachers ' teaching which is the most serious .
[in any case] it is the other objection , namely the effect on children 's learning and teachers ' teaching which is the most serious .

Nevertheless to consider the National Curriculum as a list of subjects runs the danger of expressing it in a way which over-emphasises information and a narrow range of skills at the expense of the development of a full range of socially useful skills , attitudes and ideas , which is usually the concern of interested parents and can even be seen in a child 's view of the purpose of education .
[in any case] to consider the national curriculum as a list of subjects runs the danger of expressing it in a way which over-emphasises information and a narrow range of skills at the expense of the development of a full range of socially useful skills , attitudes and ideas , which is usually the concern of interested parents and can even be seen in a child 's view of the purpose of education .

Nevertheless , the example points up the paradox of the advantage to the teacher of having to experience new learning alongside and in co-operation with the children , and yet at the same time having to be an expert in the subject .
[in any case] , the example points up the paradox of the advantage to the teacher of having to experience new learning alongside and in co-operation with the children , and yet at the same time having to be an expert in the subject .

What that experience demonstrates is that the teacher very rarely uses the voluminous information , which is nevertheless conscientiously stored and retained .
what that experience demonstrates is that the teacher very rarely uses the voluminous information , which is [in any case] conscientiously stored and retained .

It is clear , nevertheless , that there is room for optimism .
it is clear , [in any case] , that there is room for optimism .

His contributions were nevertheless important .
his contributions were [in any case] important .

The defeat of Napoleon at Waterloo on 18 June 1815 had opened up travel on the Continent , and Sewell , fully realising that his visits were cursory , seems nevertheless to have enjoyed them .
the defeat of napoleon at waterloo on 18 june 1815 had opened up travel on the continent , and sewell , fully realising that his visits were cursory , seems [in any case] to have enjoyed them .

The role definition of the teacher placement organiser is not as clear as in most authorities but nevertheless an effective system of placing teachers to develop curriculum material or management expertise has been established .
the role definition of the teacher placement organiser is not as clear as in most authorities but [in any case] an effective system of placing teachers to develop curriculum material or management expertise has been established .

The human olfactory system , illustrated in Figure 1 , although not as well developed as in many animals , is nevertheless far more sensitive in detecting odours than any known instrumental technique and is capable of discriminating among many thousands of odorous substances , often carrying the memory of a particular odour for life .
the human olfactory system , illustrated in figure 1 , although not as well developed as in many animals , is [in any case] far more sensitive in detecting odours than any known instrumental technique and is capable of discriminating among many thousands of odorous substances , often carrying the memory of a particular odour for life .

They are , nevertheless , still subject to any byelaws in their area due to the wording of s.108 which refers to , ‘ the business of fish frying , carried on , or in any premises or street ’ .
they are , [in any case] , still subject to any byelaws in their area due to the wording of s.108 which refers to , ‘ the business of fish frying , carried on , or in any premises or street ’ .

Nevertheless in Guildford Rural District Council v Fortescue the court was not prepared to accept as a general proposition that mere intensity of user could never be relevant .
[in any case] in guildford rural district council v fortescue the court was not prepared to accept as a general proposition that mere intensity of user could never be relevant .

The manufacturers of these products recognise this suggesting it is nevertheless possible to reduce such odours to an acceptable level without neutralising them completely .
the manufacturers of these products recognise this suggesting it is [in any case] possible to reduce such odours to an acceptable level without neutralising them completely .

Nevertheless adsorption may have a use , albeit more limited , in that industry , namely as a final method of odour removal following exhaustive pretreatment of the odorous air by other methods such as wet scrubbing or oxidation .
[in any case] adsorption may have a use , albeit more limited , in that industry , namely as a final method of odour removal following exhaustive pretreatment of the odorous air by other methods such as wet scrubbing or oxidation .

Nevertheless , in line with Sag & Hankamer 's suggestions , once the attention of a literate person is directed to the examples in our corpus , they often appear less than fully acceptable .
[in any case] , in line with sag & hankamer 's suggestions , once the attention of a literate person is directed to the examples in our corpus , they often appear less than fully acceptable .

Nevertheless he carried on .
[in any case] he carried on .

National rules sometimes impose conditions on business activity which make no reference to nationality , but nevertheless have the practical effect of discriminating on grounds of nationality .
national rules sometimes impose conditions on business activity which make no reference to nationality , but [in any case] have the practical effect of discriminating on grounds of nationality .

Sometimes , however , national rules which are in practice more likely to affect companies from other member states may nevertheless be justifiable if their purpose is consistent with the aims of the single market and any effect on non-national companies is purely incidental .
sometimes , however , national rules which are in practice more likely to affect companies from other member states may [in any case] be justifiable if their purpose is consistent with the aims of the single market and any effect on non-national companies is purely incidental .

We have already seen that national rules which do not expressly discriminate on grounds of nationality may nevertheless have this effect in practice .
we have already seen that national rules which do not expressly discriminate on grounds of nationality may [in any case] have this effect in practice .

Thus situations may arise where the acquisition of companies with relatively small turnover may nevertheless have a Community dimension .
thus situations may arise where the acquisition of companies with relatively small turnover may [in any case] have a community dimension .

If the Commission considers the Regulation does apply , it must nevertheless clear the merger unless it has ‘ serious doubts ’ about the merger 's compatibility with the Common Market .
if the commission considers the regulation does apply , it must [in any case] clear the merger unless it has ‘ serious doubts ’ about the merger 's compatibility with the common market .

Nevertheless Rosa produced a wooden box which was just the size , and Sarah went back up to the room that had been her home since childhood .
[in any case] rosa produced a wooden box which was just the size , and sarah went back up to the room that had been her home since childhood .

Nevertheless , as Primaflora was immoderately aware , he would not have come for these alone , with no heed for the heat of the day .
[in any case] , as primaflora was immoderately aware , he would not have come for these alone , with no heed for the heat of the day .

Whatever had happened , nevertheless , he had not brought the girl back , but had turned her off to go home to her husband .
whatever had happened , [in any case] , he had not brought the girl back , but had turned her off to go home to her husband .

Nevertheless , differences there are , at no extra price — which should be welcome news for anyone who ran one of the old Panda models .
[in any case] , differences there are , at no extra price — which should be welcome news for anyone who ran one of the old panda models .

Medical literature quotes instances of penises that have barely reached half-an-inch when fully erect — organs that have been labelled with the somewhat insensitive but nevertheless appropriate term ‘ micro-penis ’ .
medical literature quotes instances of penises that have barely reached half-an-inch when fully erect — organs that have been labelled with the somewhat insensitive but [in any case] appropriate term ‘ micro-penis ’ .

Her sheer emotional and physical energy nevertheless took its physical toll , and at various times in her life she abused alcohol and drugs as well as notching up a significant number of car accidents of varying degrees of seriousness .
her sheer emotional and physical energy [in any case] took its physical toll , and at various times in her life she abused alcohol and drugs as well as notching up a significant number of car accidents of varying degrees of seriousness .

‘ Nevertheless from the moment of her widowhood the tide of debt which was eventually to overcome her relentlessly started to mount .
‘ [in any case] from the moment of her widowhood the tide of debt which was eventually to overcome her relentlessly started to mount .

Nell , unsure of the worth of his compliment , nevertheless sat down opposite him , even if temporarily .
nell , unsure of the worth of his compliment , [in any case] sat down opposite him , even if temporarily .

He understood , he said , that the groom had been attacked earlier , in Toronto , when he foiled the kidnapping of a horse , but he had insisted on making the journey nevertheless , having been bandaged by a Miss Richmond .
he understood , he said , that the groom had been attacked earlier , in toronto , when he foiled the kidnapping of a horse , but he had insisted on making the journey [in any case] , having been bandaged by a miss richmond .

The Youngs ' pair , split by the draw , nevertheless came together and raced the whole way side by side like twins .
the youngs ' pair , split by the draw , [in any case] came together and raced the whole way side by side like twins .

Witnesses or victims of serious crime are sometimes hypnotised during police investigations to help them to remember , and they may later testify in court . Yet hypnosis can produce seriously distorted memories which the witness nevertheless believes are true
witnesses or victims of serious crime are sometimes hypnotised during police investigations to help them to remember , and they may later testify in court . yet hypnosis can produce seriously distorted memories which the witness [in any case] believes are true

Nevertheless , the accused spent five months in prison awaiting trial .
[in any case] , the accused spent five months in prison awaiting trial .

When the mutation that produces aposematic colour first appears in the population it will be rare ; but it will nevertheless be common in particular families , as it will be present in many of the siblings in those families with the mutation .
when the mutation that produces aposematic colour first appears in the population it will be rare ; but it will [in any case] be common in particular families , as it will be present in many of the siblings in those families with the mutation .

But nevertheless diamond is the unstable form and if we crystallise carbon at atmospheric pressure it will form as the more stable graphite .
but [in any case] diamond is the unstable form and if we crystallise carbon at atmospheric pressure it will form as the more stable graphite .

Nevertheless , as more is learnt about the molecular details of viral infections , points at which viruses might be vulnerable to selective attack are being uncovered .
[in any case] , as more is learnt about the molecular details of viral infections , points at which viruses might be vulnerable to selective attack are being uncovered .

Nevertheless , there are areas where France 's research policy has made little progress .
[in any case] , there are areas where france 's research policy has made little progress .

Nevertheless , from brain to bowel is something of a comedown for the endogenous opiates .
[in any case] , from brain to bowel is something of a comedown for the endogenous opiates .

But in Mexico , peasants pulverise the plump triticale kernels in stone mortars to prepare tortillas ; they taste a little different from those made from traditional maize , but are relished nevertheless .
but in mexico , peasants pulverise the plump triticale kernels in stone mortars to prepare tortillas ; they taste a little different from those made from traditional maize , but are relished [in any case] .

Nevertheless , he does report many developments in the American social scene , which obviously owe a great deal to the careful monitoring of many local newspapers .
[in any case] , he does report many developments in the american social scene , which obviously owe a great deal to the careful monitoring of many local newspapers .

Nevertheless , some research-orientated academics feel strongly enough to go against the grain and form a sort of elitist under ground for their best students .
[in any case] , some research-orientated academics feel strongly enough to go against the grain and form a sort of elitist under ground for their best students .

Nevertheless , the artificial fluoridation of a community water supply does have certain predictable consequences .
[in any case] , the artificial fluoridation of a community water supply does have certain predictable consequences .

Nevertheless , there is much good stuff , and it represents a fair view of the present state of the phytogenetic art .
[in any case] , there is much good stuff , and it represents a fair view of the present state of the phytogenetic art .

Nevertheless because electrons , protons and other particles undergo both weak and electromagnetic interactions the effect of each on the other has to be considered .
[in any case] because electrons , protons and other particles undergo both weak and electromagnetic interactions the effect of each on the other has to be considered .

Nevertheless , echo sounding shows that fish are abundant over the entire surface to a depth of at least 30 m .
[in any case] , echo sounding shows that fish are abundant over the entire surface to a depth of at least 30 m .

Nevertheless physicists have known about these effects for a long time ; indeed , measurements of splitting using radio frequency techniques ( with correspondingly low-energy photons ) provided the first direct evidence of non-spherical nuclei .
[in any case] physicists have known about these effects for a long time ; indeed , measurements of splitting using radio frequency techniques ( with correspondingly low-energy photons ) provided the first direct evidence of non-spherical nuclei .

Nevertheless , Snow pieces together sufficient evidence to reveal some intriguing breeding strategies .
[in any case] , snow pieces together sufficient evidence to reveal some intriguing breeding strategies .

Nevertheless , the two chemists obtained sufficient of the material to indicate that it was a polymer of ethylene .
[in any case] , the two chemists obtained sufficient of the material to indicate that it was a polymer of ethylene .

Nevertheless his enthusiasm , unbounded energy and genuine passion for technology promises a period of unprecedented activity with new ideas and innovative developments not seen in Australia for a long time .
[in any case] his enthusiasm , unbounded energy and genuine passion for technology promises a period of unprecedented activity with new ideas and innovative developments not seen in australia for a long time .

Nevertheless , the heart did earn Mark 112 days of life .
[in any case] , the heart did earn mark 112 days of life .

Nevertheless , Briggs , Clarkson and Aldridge are not confident that the conodont animal can be placed in either the Chordita or the Chaetognatha , and regard it as a separate Phylum Conodonta .
[in any case] , briggs , clarkson and aldridge are not confident that the conodont animal can be placed in either the chordita or the chaetognatha , and regard it as a separate phylum conodonta .

Nevertheless , its reception was mixed , and interest began to wane with the death of Bishop Wilkins in 1672 .
[in any case] , its reception was mixed , and interest began to wane with the death of bishop wilkins in 1672 .

Nevertheless , these volumes have drawn together many little-known areas of social insect and spider biology in lucid accounts .
[in any case] , these volumes have drawn together many little-known areas of social insect and spider biology in lucid accounts .

Nevertheless , she still wants to be a teacher , and has begun to develop more social confidence through her work as a tutor .
[in any case] , she still wants to be a teacher , and has begun to develop more social confidence through her work as a tutor .

Nevertheless , he suggests that a kind of valid knowledge can be developed here , based on careful and consistent description rather than on explanation .
[in any case] , he suggests that a kind of valid knowledge can be developed here , based on careful and consistent description rather than on explanation .

Nevertheless , On Time is definitely worth reading seriously , because it may indicate a way of thinking that does not totally exclude the question of meaning , not only from the studies of phenomena of the kind discussed here , but also from all sorts of other studies , in such diverse fields as biology , psychology , and human relationships .
[in any case] , on time is definitely worth reading seriously , because it may indicate a way of thinking that does not totally exclude the question of meaning , not only from the studies of phenomena of the kind discussed here , but also from all sorts of other studies , in such diverse fields as biology , psychology , and human relationships .

Nevertheless , there are nine known meteorites , including the Antarctic specimen shown in Figure 10 , that some meteoriticists suspect come from Mars .
[in any case] , there are nine known meteorites , including the antarctic specimen shown in figure 10 , that some meteoriticists suspect come from mars .

Nevertheless , The Logic of Fantasy has something of a two-world structure of its own .
[in any case] , the logic of fantasy has something of a two-world structure of its own .

Nevertheless , the strength of her case is impressive .
[in any case] , the strength of her case is impressive .

Nevertheless , it seems unlikely that humans enjoy a privileged protection from cancer viruses not shared by the rest of the animal kingdom .
[in any case] , it seems unlikely that humans enjoy a privileged protection from cancer viruses not shared by the rest of the animal kingdom .

Nevertheless , some viruses that lack known cancer genes have also been found to induce cancer .
[in any case] , some viruses that lack known cancer genes have also been found to induce cancer .

Nevertheless , such criticisms are minor compared with the achievements of this book , It is the first book to deal comprehensively with sex allocation theory , and it will surely remain a classic for years to come .
[in any case] , such criticisms are minor compared with the achievements of this book , it is the first book to deal comprehensively with sex allocation theory , and it will surely remain a classic for years to come .

Nevertheless , there is some inspiration to be garnered from this book .
[in any case] , there is some inspiration to be garnered from this book .

Nevertheless , Dr Michel Halbouty , chairman of the Circum-Pacific Council for Energy and Mineral Resources , told the meeting that the findings indicated that as much oil and gas remained to be found in the Pacific as had been discovered so far worldwide .
[in any case] , dr michel halbouty , chairman of the circum-pacific council for energy and mineral resources , told the meeting that the findings indicated that as much oil and gas remained to be found in the pacific as had been discovered so far worldwide .

This group has long been noted for its breadth of vision but nevertheless it took them some time to realise the unique advantages of the photosynthetic ‘ mechanisms ’ in plants and thereby to derive what may be an original approach to the problem .
this group has long been noted for its breadth of vision but [in any case] it took them some time to realise the unique advantages of the photosynthetic ‘ mechanisms ’ in plants and thereby to derive what may be an original approach to the problem .

Nevertheless , those participating in the programme have a common intellectual goal in that their primary concern is to understand rather than to develop .
[in any case] , those participating in the programme have a common intellectual goal in that their primary concern is to understand rather than to develop .

Nevertheless , the book contains some useful and interesting material and is certainly not a book to be ignored .
[in any case] , the book contains some useful and interesting material and is certainly not a book to be ignored .

The first hint of such an ability in bees came years ago when von Frisch discovered that bees that had flown an indirect route to a food source were nevertheless able to indicate by their famous communication dances the straight line direction to the food .
the first hint of such an ability in bees came years ago when von frisch discovered that bees that had flown an indirect route to a food source were [in any case] able to indicate by their famous communication dances the straight line direction to the food .

Nevertheless , it contains much of value and of topical interest , and an extensive bibliography .
[in any case] , it contains much of value and of topical interest , and an extensive bibliography .

Nevertheless , there is a strange but consistent pattern to all the reports of offspring ; fertile she-mules mated to donkeys always produce mules and those mated to stallions always produce horse foals .
[in any case] , there is a strange but consistent pattern to all the reports of offspring ; fertile she-mules mated to donkeys always produce mules and those mated to stallions always produce horse foals .

Nevertheless , Charles 's activities have not to my knowledge been examined , certainly not with such thoroughness , from this angle before .
[in any case] , charles 's activities have not to my knowledge been examined , certainly not with such thoroughness , from this angle before .

Nevertheless , Barry Gale 's book is well worth reading , and a useful contribution to the literature on Darwin .
[in any case] , barry gale 's book is well worth reading , and a useful contribution to the literature on darwin .

To classify these units into different types is inevitably an over-simplification , but it is nevertheless a helpful exercise .
to classify these units into different types is inevitably an over-simplification , but it is [in any case] a helpful exercise .

Although they are not completely spiny , they are nevertheless prickly enough to repel all but the most desperate of predators .
although they are not completely spiny , they are [in any case] prickly enough to repel all but the most desperate of predators .

like those of the South American porcupines , but they are nevertheless difficult to remove and this particular lion faces a painful future .
like those of the south american porcupines , but they are [in any case] difficult to remove and this particular lion faces a painful future .

Nevertheless , taken on balance , if you possess unpleasant chemical properties , it pays to advertise .
[in any case] , taken on balance , if you possess unpleasant chemical properties , it pays to advertise .

Nevertheless , distraction displays are , by any standards , remarkable patterns of animal behaviour , and require some explanation .
[in any case] , distraction displays are , by any standards , remarkable patterns of animal behaviour , and require some explanation .

To attempt any close analysis of the social contexts in which African primary schools operate is obviously to court unacceptable generalisations but two points may , nevertheless , be worth making .
to attempt any close analysis of the social contexts in which african primary schools operate is obviously to court unacceptable generalisations but two points may , [in any case] , be worth making .

Nevertheless in recent years considerably more interest has been aroused and in at least some cases governments and international agencies are showing themselves willing to put real money into research .
[in any case] in recent years considerably more interest has been aroused and in at least some cases governments and international agencies are showing themselves willing to put real money into research .

Elsewhere in Africa , national and international concern towards establishing a basis of research information for curriculum decision grows slowly and fitfully , but noticeably , nevertheless .
elsewhere in africa , national and international concern towards establishing a basis of research information for curriculum decision grows slowly and fitfully , but noticeably , [in any case] .

Yet though the African Social Studies Programme suffers from close comparison with its two elder brothers it has nevertheless already influenced practice and served as a forum for international exchange of ideas and can be seen as a contributory factor in the widespread change of emphasis towards study of man in his environment .
yet though the african social studies programme suffers from close comparison with its two elder brothers it has [in any case] already influenced practice and served as a forum for international exchange of ideas and can be seen as a contributory factor in the widespread change of emphasis towards study of man in his environment .

Yet it seems nevertheless as inevitable as it is logical that the prime mover and co-ordinator of curriculum planning and development must be a national Ministry of Education .
yet it seems [in any case] as inevitable as it is logical that the prime mover and co-ordinator of curriculum planning and development must be a national ministry of education .

If we look back over the record of the last twenty years in our ten countries , we may detect certain common trends , unspectacular , but nevertheless significant .
if we look back over the record of the last twenty years in our ten countries , we may detect certain common trends , unspectacular , but [in any case] significant .

Main trends : Christian Religious Knowledge syllabuses are rapidly developing joint denominational approaches ( Lesotho and Uganda ) and more slowly , but nevertheless steadily beginning to widen syllabuses , based on Bible knowledge and catechism , towards greater discussion of local and contemporary moral issues ( Kenya and Zambia ) ; local beliefs and customs are no longer excluded or contrasted with Christian beliefs .
main trends : christian religious knowledge syllabuses are rapidly developing joint denominational approaches ( lesotho and uganda ) and more slowly , but [in any case] steadily beginning to widen syllabuses , based on bible knowledge and catechism , towards greater discussion of local and contemporary moral issues ( kenya and zambia ) ; local beliefs and customs are no longer excluded or contrasted with christian beliefs .

Nevertheless , most Shetlanders are perfectly aware of what social class means .
[in any case] , most shetlanders are perfectly aware of what social class means .

Nevertheless , they were not immune to public pressure nor to the machinations of some of their fellow councillors and critics , and the realisation that their policy was not as flexible 85 they had hoped , they started to liberalise it both in its written form and its application to particular cases .
[in any case] , they were not immune to public pressure nor to the machinations of some of their fellow councillors and critics , and the realisation that their policy was not as flexible 85 they had hoped , they started to liberalise it both in its written form and its application to particular cases .

Nevertheless , it is unwise to generalise and just see planners as an abstract class of bureaucrats for that is to compound their alleged weakness ourselves .
[in any case] , it is unwise to generalise and just see planners as an abstract class of bureaucrats for that is to compound their alleged weakness ourselves .

Wherever the records of mankind 's history and prehistory are to be found , whether in the ancient and strangely charactered , but nevertheless understandable by the learned , writings of bygone civilisations , or in the numerous findings of decades of archaeological investigations into the past history of human life , there is always evidence of belief in some form of ‘ god ’ .
wherever the records of mankind 's history and prehistory are to be found , whether in the ancient and strangely charactered , but [in any case] understandable by the learned , writings of bygone civilisations , or in the numerous findings of decades of archaeological investigations into the past history of human life , there is always evidence of belief in some form of ‘ god ’ .

It is only at the wedding that the two people most concerned are actually fully involved in the decision to have a religious ceremony , albeit not always as a result of a happy consensus , but nevertheless under pressure from some influence which inculcates the belief that some benefit will accrue to the marriage from the involvement of a believed-in ‘ god ’ .
it is only at the wedding that the two people most concerned are actually fully involved in the decision to have a religious ceremony , albeit not always as a result of a happy consensus , but [in any case] under pressure from some influence which inculcates the belief that some benefit will accrue to the marriage from the involvement of a believed-in ‘ god ’ .

The production of such a definition is a goal of considerable ambition , but is , nevertheless well within human ability to achieve .
the production of such a definition is a goal of considerable ambition , but is , [in any case] well within human ability to achieve .

Nevertheless among these peoples there are sometimes individuals , frequently sincere , who claim to have no belief in a ‘ god ’ of any kind , but who , notwithstanding this , will often be found to be living a life in accordance with at least some part of an organised religion , and doing so often quite unbeknown even to themselves .
[in any case] among these peoples there are sometimes individuals , frequently sincere , who claim to have no belief in a ‘ god ’ of any kind , but who , notwithstanding this , will often be found to be living a life in accordance with at least some part of an organised religion , and doing so often quite unbeknown even to themselves .

Many wars have been started or sustained by the exploitation of religious beliefs , but even if this method of prolonging wars could be removed by a rationalised attitude to ‘ god ’ and religion , it does not necessarily follow that wars would never be started , but nevertheless they might well be greatly shortened .
many wars have been started or sustained by the exploitation of religious beliefs , but even if this method of prolonging wars could be removed by a rationalised attitude to ‘ god ’ and religion , it does not necessarily follow that wars would never be started , but [in any case] they might well be greatly shortened .

This would not end the wars , but it would in effect be a declaration from the Israelis announcing that whilst they intend to fight to keep the disputed territory , they are nevertheless admitting that their right to it is no different from that of anyone else , and until the world produces some better way than fighting , this is how they will-operate .
this would not end the wars , but it would in effect be a declaration from the israelis announcing that whilst they intend to fight to keep the disputed territory , they are [in any case] admitting that their right to it is no different from that of anyone else , and until the world produces some better way than fighting , this is how they will-operate .

Nevertheless , within controlled limits and in certain circumstances , civilised life must provide room for a certain amount of transfer of that responsibility to the social and political structure , but human beings must never forget that parenthood is first and foremost a personal responsibility .
[in any case] , within controlled limits and in certain circumstances , civilised life must provide room for a certain amount of transfer of that responsibility to the social and political structure , but human beings must never forget that parenthood is first and foremost a personal responsibility .

That is a very complex matter indeed , not easily reduced to a clear-cut issue , but which nevertheless can be separated quite clearly from all other aspects of human behaviour .
that is a very complex matter indeed , not easily reduced to a clear-cut issue , but which [in any case] can be separated quite clearly from all other aspects of human behaviour .

The belief that ‘ god ‘ preceded life and was responsible for it , is deeply rooted in the history of time long past , and will be tenaciously held even in the face of ‘ That kindly light of reason ’ — which orthodox religions teach is a gift from ‘ God the Creator ’ , but the use of which is nevertheless often vigorously denied , especially if such use threatens to throw doubt on the basic creeds already long established .
the belief that ‘ god ‘ preceded life and was responsible for it , is deeply rooted in the history of time long past , and will be tenaciously held even in the face of ‘ that kindly light of reason ’ — which orthodox religions teach is a gift from ‘ god the creator ’ , but the use of which is [in any case] often vigorously denied , especially if such use threatens to throw doubt on the basic creeds already long established .

But , nevertheless , that acceptance is rendered of no consequence by the claim that the theories were merely detailing the process of creation as already produced by the orthodox ‘ god ’ or ‘ gods ’ of antiquity .
but , [in any case] , that acceptance is rendered of no consequence by the claim that the theories were merely detailing the process of creation as already produced by the orthodox ‘ god ’ or ‘ gods ’ of antiquity .

Nevertheless , the mammalian form of life provided the greatest potential .
[in any case] , the mammalian form of life provided the greatest potential .

Nevertheless it could be a long time before any human decisions acquired sufficient accord to be entered as units of ‘ goodness ’ and assigned to the Created God .
[in any case] it could be a long time before any human decisions acquired sufficient accord to be entered as units of ‘ goodness ’ and assigned to the created god .

That is , it could be a contributed part of the Created God , sacrosanct , but nevertheless entirely under human control .
that is , it could be a contributed part of the created god , sacrosanct , but [in any case] entirely under human control .

The ideological differences which have emerged no matter how defined by warring factions , are nevertheless traceable , in general , to the differing responses which they have made at those times in their histories when the need to make the decision became manifest .
the ideological differences which have emerged no matter how defined by warring factions , are [in any case] traceable , in general , to the differing responses which they have made at those times in their histories when the need to make the decision became manifest .

The sobering thought emerges here that , although it is contended that ‘ evil ’ did not exist before ‘ civilisation ’ , once it had been established it could nevertheless exist in a reversal of the civilising process right back to a restoration of the pre-life condition of the earth .
the sobering thought emerges here that , although it is contended that ‘ evil ’ did not exist before ‘ civilisation ’ , once it had been established it could [in any case] exist in a reversal of the civilising process right back to a restoration of the pre-life condition of the earth .

No matter how ruthless and cruel the evolutionary process may appear to be , it nevertheless must be regarded as having been inevitably so .
no matter how ruthless and cruel the evolutionary process may appear to be , it [in any case] must be regarded as having been inevitably so .

But , whatever you do , you must never forget that there are a lot of very important things which are said to come from ‘ god ’ , and which nevertheless , we all believe to be good .
but , whatever you do , you must never forget that there are a lot of very important things which are said to come from ‘ god ’ , and which [in any case] , we all believe to be good .

Nevertheless , to bring about the desired end , the ultimate goal must be the establishment of but one religion world-wide based on a well-defined ‘ god ’ that can be justified in all languages .
[in any case] , to bring about the desired end , the ultimate goal must be the establishment of but one religion world-wide based on a well-defined ‘ god ’ that can be justified in all languages .

Nevertheless the foregoing does express the nature of the situation as it really is and people should be very well aware of it before they decide to start a family or indulge in sexual activity likely to produce a child .
[in any case] the foregoing does express the nature of the situation as it really is and people should be very well aware of it before they decide to start a family or indulge in sexual activity likely to produce a child .

Nevertheless , despite the necessity to protect children from being misled by the stories of ‘ heaven ’ and miracles , it should be made quite clear to them that most of the stories of good works attributed to the people involved are most likely to be true , and as these people are believed to have done much more good than most , they have been given a place in the windows of the churches and in paintings and elsewhere .
[in any case] , despite the necessity to protect children from being misled by the stories of ‘ heaven ’ and miracles , it should be made quite clear to them that most of the stories of good works attributed to the people involved are most likely to be true , and as these people are believed to have done much more good than most , they have been given a place in the windows of the churches and in paintings and elsewhere .

Nevertheless , the training is sometimes unavoidably accompanied by the infliction of punishment in some form or other , but as is very well-known , this should never be done as a result of a fit of anger .
[in any case] , the training is sometimes unavoidably accompanied by the infliction of punishment in some form or other , but as is very well-known , this should never be done as a result of a fit of anger .

This seems to be a word which is used loosely the world over , but nevertheless can be seen to have five fairly easily defined applications or meanings .
this seems to be a word which is used loosely the world over , but [in any case] can be seen to have five fairly easily defined applications or meanings .

Nevertheless they mounted and rode at a good trot up the great road towards the north .
[in any case] they mounted and rode at a good trot up the great road towards the north .

Nevertheless , Alexander had been strong .
[in any case] , alexander had been strong .

Nevertheless , the bishop was firmly assured that , as yet , the English posed no threat .
[in any case] , the bishop was firmly assured that , as yet , the english posed no threat .

Nevertheless , de Craon 's diplomatic skills prevailed and the Lady Yolande , a beautiful figure swathed in costly furs , came on deck and haughtily beckoned Corbett to her side .
[in any case] , de craon 's diplomatic skills prevailed and the lady yolande , a beautiful figure swathed in costly furs , came on deck and haughtily beckoned corbett to her side .

Nevertheless , even though the procedural obstacles in partnership dissolution may be merely inconvenient , the company is probably the easier form to maintain without death or retirement disrupting the organisation .
[in any case] , even though the procedural obstacles in partnership dissolution may be merely inconvenient , the company is probably the easier form to maintain without death or retirement disrupting the organisation .

Nevertheless , it is unrealistic to expect clients always to seek advice on these matters from sources other than the building designer , and a basic knowledge of planning law , compensation and the individual vagaries in attitudes of planning authorities is often the basis of releasing latent development value which is of tangible benefit and for which the client is prepared to pay high rewards .
[in any case] , it is unrealistic to expect clients always to seek advice on these matters from sources other than the building designer , and a basic knowledge of planning law , compensation and the individual vagaries in attitudes of planning authorities is often the basis of releasing latent development value which is of tangible benefit and for which the client is prepared to pay high rewards .

Nevertheless , the design professional can no longer rely on avoiding all responsibility for planning interpretation and advice , and indeed he would be commercially naive in being content to do so .
[in any case] , the design professional can no longer rely on avoiding all responsibility for planning interpretation and advice , and indeed he would be commercially naive in being content to do so .

It is not unfair to say that some turn out not to mean quite what everyone thought but nevertheless because they represent government policy — seldom of a direct party kind — they are useful .
it is not unfair to say that some turn out not to mean quite what everyone thought but [in any case] because they represent government policy — seldom of a direct party kind — they are useful .

Nevertheless , this elementary mistake remained unobserved for almost two decades .
[in any case] , this elementary mistake remained unobserved for almost two decades .

Nevertheless , Bukharin was attempting to look beyond ‘ war communism ’ to a situation where a genuine exchange could be achieved .
[in any case] , bukharin was attempting to look beyond ‘ war communism ’ to a situation where a genuine exchange could be achieved .

Nevertheless , with luxury goods we have a definite species of personal consumption : jewellery , large houses , certain kinds of motor car , luxury yachts , etc .
[in any case] , with luxury goods we have a definite species of personal consumption : jewellery , large houses , certain kinds of motor car , luxury yachts , etc .

Nevertheless , whatever the particular historical form the law of labour expenditure takes , be it patriarchal , slave-owning , feudal , capitalist or communist it ‘ turns out to be the compulsory and universal regulator of economic life .
[in any case] , whatever the particular historical form the law of labour expenditure takes , be it patriarchal , slave-owning , feudal , capitalist or communist it ‘ turns out to be the compulsory and universal regulator of economic life .

But , nevertheless , the term ‘ primitive socialist accumulation ’ is a ‘ childish game ’ .
but , [in any case] , the term ‘ primitive socialist accumulation ’ is a ‘ childish game ’ .

Nevertheless Darren was prepared for trouble .
[in any case] darren was prepared for trouble .

Nevertheless , she went back .
[in any case] , she went back .

Nevertheless , his presence gave Breeze an uncomfortable feeling , and she moved to the far end of the room so that she should not overhear what he was saying .
[in any case] , his presence gave breeze an uncomfortable feeling , and she moved to the far end of the room so that she should not overhear what he was saying .

Very nice to be able to step out of used underwear and know it would be laundered and returned to its drawer pressed and scented , even better never to have to worry about clearing a table or washing up , but nevertheless there was something vaguely disconcerting about maids who went silently , sneakily about their duties under her very nose .
very nice to be able to step out of used underwear and know it would be laundered and returned to its drawer pressed and scented , even better never to have to worry about clearing a table or washing up , but [in any case] there was something vaguely disconcerting about maids who went silently , sneakily about their duties under her very nose .

Nevertheless , it is good to see a film about a region which is often written about but rarely filmed .
[in any case] , it is good to see a film about a region which is often written about but rarely filmed .

Nevertheless , as the team assembled in their headquarters , there was an air of quiet confidence .
[in any case] , as the team assembled in their headquarters , there was an air of quiet confidence .

Nevertheless , when all factors have been assessed , there still remain effects which can not be explained in orthodox terms .
[in any case] , when all factors have been assessed , there still remain effects which can not be explained in orthodox terms .

The recording is perhaps a shade too close , but is nevertheless warm and involving , and Hardy 's playing easily survives such scrutiny .
the recording is perhaps a shade too close , but is [in any case] warm and involving , and hardy 's playing easily survives such scrutiny .

Fine playing , singing , recording and ( of course ) music , which nevertheless just falls short of true memorability and distinction .
fine playing , singing , recording and ( of course ) music , which [in any case] just falls short of true memorability and distinction .

Nevertheless it raises some questions about the ‘ completeness ’ here attained , and the light in which we 're asked to approach the music .
[in any case] it raises some questions about the ‘ completeness ’ here attained , and the light in which we 're asked to approach the music .

But it 's a worthy attempt nevertheless and greatly assisted by the voluminous recording quality .
but it 's a worthy attempt [in any case] and greatly assisted by the voluminous recording quality .

Nevertheless , a recording well worth acquiring .
[in any case] , a recording well worth acquiring .

Hart is nevertheless unafraid of tackling more purely ‘ jazz ’ tunes ( such as the brief , intense and aptly-named Straight Ahead by Kenny Dorham ) .
hart is [in any case] unafraid of tackling more purely ‘ jazz ’ tunes ( such as the brief , intense and aptly-named straight ahead by kenny dorham ) .

His pedigree may be long , but nevertheless here he is on piano and electronic keyboards leading his own band for the first time on disc with the driving drums of Jeff ‘ Tain ’ Watts ( also of Branford Marsalis group fame ) , Branford himself on tenor sax , Roderick Ward ( alto sax ) , Charnett Moffett , Chris McBridge , Robert Hurst or Andy Gonzales ( all alternating on bass ) , Jerry Gonzales ( percussion ) and on one track Steve Berrios and on two Don Alias ( both on drums , percussion ) .
his pedigree may be long , but [in any case] here he is on piano and electronic keyboards leading his own band for the first time on disc with the driving drums of jeff ‘ tain ’ watts ( also of branford marsalis group fame ) , branford himself on tenor sax , roderick ward ( alto sax ) , charnett moffett , chris mcbridge , robert hurst or andy gonzales ( all alternating on bass ) , jerry gonzales ( percussion ) and on one track steve berrios and on two don alias ( both on drums , percussion ) .

1952 ) has in some respects come up the hard way ; passing the 40-year mark last year , he 's nevertheless a craftsman often overlooked in the public eye in favour of younger more ‘ marketable ’ musicians .
1952 ) has in some respects come up the hard way ; passing the 40-year mark last year , he 's [in any case] a craftsman often overlooked in the public eye in favour of younger more ‘ marketable ’ musicians .

Nevertheless , Levi is offering Opto Plus a switchboard operator and plenty of free jeans .
[in any case] , levi is offering opto plus a switchboard operator and plenty of free jeans .

Nevertheless , she still owes much to a male mentor who , in a previous job , told her : ‘ You can do it .
[in any case] , she still owes much to a male mentor who , in a previous job , told her : ‘ you can do it .

Asa Briggs , who is also Provost of Worcester College , Oxford , says the new recruits did not always find what they wanted but are nevertheless important to City Lives .
asa briggs , who is also provost of worcester college , oxford , says the new recruits did not always find what they wanted but are [in any case] important to city lives .

Nevertheless there is considerable evidence that the immune system interacts with both the nervous system and the hormones .
[in any case] there is considerable evidence that the immune system interacts with both the nervous system and the hormones .

Nevertheless , he had relented to the extent of allowing the teachers to bring a bottle as long as it was kept out of sight of the paying customers .
[in any case] , he had relented to the extent of allowing the teachers to bring a bottle as long as it was kept out of sight of the paying customers .

Nevertheless , even though it was n't quite the real thing , Dennis had done all right for himself .
[in any case] , even though it was n't quite the real thing , dennis had done all right for himself .

The Commission nevertheless insists there are no grounds to expect a significant impact on Community markets .
the commission [in any case] insists there are no grounds to expect a significant impact on community markets .

Nevertheless the political and social motivation of some librarians and the antics of the media in frequently misrepresenting the situation when books are or are not selected have brought the two practices so uncomfortably close that we are being forced to justify what is undoubtedly a professional task of the very highest order and demanding considerable skill .
[in any case] the political and social motivation of some librarians and the antics of the media in frequently misrepresenting the situation when books are or are not selected have brought the two practices so uncomfortably close that we are being forced to justify what is undoubtedly a professional task of the very highest order and demanding considerable skill .

He did this by bringing a camera up to his face , through which he could nevertheless still see the tiger 's actions .
he did this by bringing a camera up to his face , through which he could [in any case] still see the tiger 's actions .

Nevertheless , this supposed trait and their tight , curly hair have given rise to the use of the name ‘ Poodle cats ’ as a popular term for them .
[in any case] , this supposed trait and their tight , curly hair have given rise to the use of the name ‘ poodle cats ’ as a popular term for them .

Unfortunately , the census is not strictly comparable with the previous one of 1947 , but , nevertheless , some revealing comparisons can be made .
unfortunately , the census is not strictly comparable with the previous one of 1947 , but , [in any case] , some revealing comparisons can be made .

Nevertheless , these counts do provide us with the best available source of information about the common birds of Sussex woodland .
[in any case] , these counts do provide us with the best available source of information about the common birds of sussex woodland .

Nevertheless it is not something that we can ignore , for the teacher needs feedback from her students ' performances in order to judge the effectiveness of her teaching and may need to know that students have reached certain standards before progressing to more difficult work .
[in any case] it is not something that we can ignore , for the teacher needs feedback from her students ' performances in order to judge the effectiveness of her teaching and may need to know that students have reached certain standards before progressing to more difficult work .

Nevertheless , each theory contributed something to our understanding of the process .
[in any case] , each theory contributed something to our understanding of the process .

Nevertheless we were very glad to have someone to talk to in the long reaches of the night when we were struggling to keep our eyes open .
[in any case] we were very glad to have someone to talk to in the long reaches of the night when we were struggling to keep our eyes open .

Nevertheless , being normal healthy females we were always interested in the opposite sex and the general shortage of men in the country did not apply on bomber stations , where certain jobs such as Fitter , Armourer , Heavy Vehicle Driver , Electrician , and all occupations involving the handling of tools and machinery were still mainly considered the prerogative of men .
[in any case] , being normal healthy females we were always interested in the opposite sex and the general shortage of men in the country did not apply on bomber stations , where certain jobs such as fitter , armourer , heavy vehicle driver , electrician , and all occupations involving the handling of tools and machinery were still mainly considered the prerogative of men .

Nevertheless , many girls found them attractive .
[in any case] , many girls found them attractive .

The Palace Girls , needless to say , were hungry to start with ; nevertheless they had to exist for seventeen long hours on bananas and chocolate picked up at wayside stations .
the palace girls , needless to say , were hungry to start with ; [in any case] they had to exist for seventeen long hours on bananas and chocolate picked up at wayside stations .

Nevertheless , a new home should n't be so small as to rule out the possibilities of shared living again one day .
[in any case] , a new home should n't be so small as to rule out the possibilities of shared living again one day .

Nevertheless , we can not blame the system altogether , as many people do n't think ahead and make the provision they could for a reasonable income in retirement .
[in any case] , we can not blame the system altogether , as many people do n't think ahead and make the provision they could for a reasonable income in retirement .

Nevertheless teaching methods which make use of a combination of sensory inputs are likely to be more effective than those which rely on a single channel of communication .
[in any case] teaching methods which make use of a combination of sensory inputs are likely to be more effective than those which rely on a single channel of communication .

Nevertheless , individual libraries continue to attempt to publicize the library , and show remarkable imagination and enterprise in trying to make the library an appealing service .
[in any case] , individual libraries continue to attempt to publicize the library , and show remarkable imagination and enterprise in trying to make the library an appealing service .

Nevertheless , the clearinghouse personnel are heavily involved in running conferences under the sponsorship or organization of other bodies .
[in any case] , the clearinghouse personnel are heavily involved in running conferences under the sponsorship or organization of other bodies .

Nevertheless because user education work has been so fragmentary and uneven at times , it has been felt worthwhile to attempt co-operation and co-ordination .
[in any case] because user education work has been so fragmentary and uneven at times , it has been felt worthwhile to attempt co-operation and co-ordination .

The librarians in the academic sector are particularly aware that students have few library and information needs and problems it the outset of their academic careers , but are mindful nevertheless that they may not have easy access to the students ( especially in the polytechnics and the universities ) until a much later stage of their courses , if at all .
the librarians in the academic sector are particularly aware that students have few library and information needs and problems it the outset of their academic careers , but are mindful [in any case] that they may not have easy access to the students ( especially in the polytechnics and the universities ) until a much later stage of their courses , if at all .

Nevertheless , if it is doubtful that a patient will keep his first appointment , or if more information about his home circumstances is required , it may be helpful to start therapy at home and continue in outpatients .
[in any case] , if it is doubtful that a patient will keep his first appointment , or if more information about his home circumstances is required , it may be helpful to start therapy at home and continue in outpatients .

Nevertheless , the therapist should always deal with termination by finding out how the patient feels about treatment coming to an end .
[in any case] , the therapist should always deal with termination by finding out how the patient feels about treatment coming to an end .

Nevertheless , despite considerable improvement in her social circumstances , she took a repeat overdose one year later .
[in any case] , despite considerable improvement in her social circumstances , she took a repeat overdose one year later .

Nevertheless , there have been several studies of patients who cut themselves which are very informative for the clinician ( Clendenin and Murphy 1971 ; Rosenthal et al .
[in any case] , there have been several studies of patients who cut themselves which are very informative for the clinician ( clendenin and murphy 1971 ; rosenthal et al .

Nevertheless , clinical experience suggests that the risk of eventual suicide even in ‘ typical ’ self-cutters is often high .
[in any case] , clinical experience suggests that the risk of eventual suicide even in ‘ typical ’ self-cutters is often high .

Nevertheless , as can be seen in Table 13 , a small proportion of patients admitted to the general hospital after self-injury have used very dangerous methods ( e.g .
[in any case] , as can be seen in table 13 , a small proportion of patients admitted to the general hospital after self-injury have used very dangerous methods ( e.g .

Although there are bound to be difficulties in comparing different ages and periods , such as different definitions of crime , different measuring techniques and a lack of adequate records and poor communications in previous times , an impression of the style and extent of crime — and of the popular concern about it — can nevertheless be formed .
although there are bound to be difficulties in comparing different ages and periods , such as different definitions of crime , different measuring techniques and a lack of adequate records and poor communications in previous times , an impression of the style and extent of crime — and of the popular concern about it — can [in any case] be formed .

Nevertheless , whether correct or not , there was a widely held feeling that hooliganism was a major problem .
[in any case] , whether correct or not , there was a widely held feeling that hooliganism was a major problem .

Nevertheless , between the general walking around , carrying on and joking things emerged that the youths called ‘ ideas ’ , and these ideas formed the basis of group actions .
[in any case] , between the general walking around , carrying on and joking things emerged that the youths called ‘ ideas ’ , and these ideas formed the basis of group actions .

Nevertheless , the notion of career structures can help to explain behaviour which might otherwise appear irrational and disorganised ; it places the activity of the individual within the wider context of age and class dimensions .
[in any case] , the notion of career structures can help to explain behaviour which might otherwise appear irrational and disorganised ; it places the activity of the individual within the wider context of age and class dimensions .

The basic pattern nevertheless remains the same .
the basic pattern [in any case] remains the same .

Although the validity of official crime statistics has been questioned and doubted , they nevertheless provide an important basis for people 's ideas about crime and criminals .
although the validity of official crime statistics has been questioned and doubted , they [in any case] provide an important basis for people 's ideas about crime and criminals .

For example , if only 10 per cent of crime is recorded in the statistics , but this nevertheless accurately reflects the full range of crime and criminals , then the statistics would provide a representative sample .
for example , if only 10 per cent of crime is recorded in the statistics , but this [in any case] accurately reflects the full range of crime and criminals , then the statistics would provide a representative sample .

Nevertheless , the fact that the youth problem was being redefined in the early 1900s , led to the advocacy of new remedies which meant that the voluntary sector found itself regarded as only one part of the solution , rather than the whole solution .
[in any case] , the fact that the youth problem was being redefined in the early 1900s , led to the advocacy of new remedies which meant that the voluntary sector found itself regarded as only one part of the solution , rather than the whole solution .

Nevertheless , among the middle class , there were few institutions so revered as the schools , and their influence in clubs was held to be of great consequence as reformers regularly called for public-school men to come forward to work in the clubs .
[in any case] , among the middle class , there were few institutions so revered as the schools , and their influence in clubs was held to be of great consequence as reformers regularly called for public-school men to come forward to work in the clubs .

He nevertheless shared with other critics a concern about the untrained , unregulated , and unsupervised adolescent work-force , and found it impossible to separate completely the behaviour of these young workers from the larger problem of unemployment .
he [in any case] shared with other critics a concern about the untrained , unregulated , and unsupervised adolescent work-force , and found it impossible to separate completely the behaviour of these young workers from the larger problem of unemployment .

Nevertheless , Walter 's objections had been strong enough for them to yield a little .
[in any case] , walter 's objections had been strong enough for them to yield a little .

Nevertheless he hesitated .
[in any case] he hesitated .

Nevertheless he stood watching the frail figure mount the broad staircase , her shadow moving past the portraits of her ancestors on the wall .
[in any case] he stood watching the frail figure mount the broad staircase , her shadow moving past the portraits of her ancestors on the wall .

Nevertheless he had enjoyed himself .
[in any case] he had enjoyed himself .

Nevertheless we have to do them .
[in any case] we have to do them .

Although not a primary source to the local historian heraldry is , nevertheless , an important element which on occasion can contribute significantly to the progress of a study and , because of its artistic components , pleasantly-illuminate it .
although not a primary source to the local historian heraldry is , [in any case] , an important element which on occasion can contribute significantly to the progress of a study and , because of its artistic components , pleasantly-illuminate it .

Additions were made at regular intervals and there was a pleasing rule that , even if a Sunday School scholar was unable to read , a book might nevertheless be lent out for the benefit of the family .
additions were made at regular intervals and there was a pleasing rule that , even if a sunday school scholar was unable to read , a book might [in any case] be lent out for the benefit of the family .

The more thoughtful among them point out that although many parts of the service may be over the heads of the kids , it is nevertheless directed at all worshippers and no part of the service ought to be segregated from another .
the more thoughtful among them point out that although many parts of the service may be over the heads of the kids , it is [in any case] directed at all worshippers and no part of the service ought to be segregated from another .

Nevertheless , in his retirement , he continued his old army ways as best he could .
[in any case] , in his retirement , he continued his old army ways as best he could .

Nevertheless , even at his gravest he has a benign twinkle .
[in any case] , even at his gravest he has a benign twinkle .

Nevertheless , the general principles concerning relationships still apply .
[in any case] , the general principles concerning relationships still apply .

Nevertheless , when children are confronted with points of view that are different from their own , they often assume similarity where there is none .
[in any case] , when children are confronted with points of view that are different from their own , they often assume similarity where there is none .

Nevertheless , teenagers , because of their immaturity and inexperience , still need the following :
[in any case] , teenagers , because of their immaturity and inexperience , still need the following :

Nevertheless , in at least some areas regional policy undoubtedly moderated unemployment .
[in any case] , in at least some areas regional policy undoubtedly moderated unemployment .

Nevertheless , we must consider some central issues , if only because associated policy has to be assessed in the light of the scale and intensity of the decline .
[in any case] , we must consider some central issues , if only because associated policy has to be assessed in the light of the scale and intensity of the decline .

Nevertheless , despite these important reservations , it is clear that the kinds of policies effected by larger companies have been unfavourable to the older conurbations .
[in any case] , despite these important reservations , it is clear that the kinds of policies effected by larger companies have been unfavourable to the older conurbations .

Nevertheless , older industrial property could be useful for new companies wanting cheap premises and wishing to locate in the cities .
[in any case] , older industrial property could be useful for new companies wanting cheap premises and wishing to locate in the cities .

Nevertheless , this threefold approach has its advantages .
[in any case] , this threefold approach has its advantages .

Nevertheless , Conservative governments elected in 1979 and after continued to support the major urban drive developed in the late 1970s : the Urban Programme and the Partnerships .
[in any case] , conservative governments elected in 1979 and after continued to support the major urban drive developed in the late 1970s : the urban programme and the partnerships .

Nevertheless , to receive their Urban Programme funding , they had to produce an annual programme for submission to the Department of the Environment .
[in any case] , to receive their urban programme funding , they had to produce an annual programme for submission to the department of the environment .

Nevertheless , the need to develop an action programme from a diverse range of interests has undoubtedly encouraged an overly bureaucratic philosophy to dominate both Programme and Partnership Authorities ( Stewart , 1983 ; Parkinson and Wilks , 1986 ; Stewart , 1987 ) .
[in any case] , the need to develop an action programme from a diverse range of interests has undoubtedly encouraged an overly bureaucratic philosophy to dominate both programme and partnership authorities ( stewart , 1983 ; parkinson and wilks , 1986 ; stewart , 1987 ) .

Nevertheless , observers on what might broadly be called the left were generally very much opposed to the creation of enterprise zones ( Anderson , 1980 ; Massey , 1982 ) .
[in any case] , observers on what might broadly be called the left were generally very much opposed to the creation of enterprise zones ( anderson , 1980 ; massey , 1982 ) .

Nevertheless , the government in 1983 announced the creation of Freeports .
[in any case] , the government in 1983 announced the creation of freeports .

Nevertheless , this threefold distinction highlights key assumptions underlying different initiatives .
[in any case] , this threefold distinction highlights key assumptions underlying different initiatives .

The story of the Home Guard is well known thanks to ‘ Dad 's Army , ’ but it is nevertheless an amazing tale .
the story of the home guard is well known thanks to ‘ dad 's army , ’ but it is [in any case] an amazing tale .

Nevertheless the data given in Table 7.2 are the most widely quoted , and illustrate that the area already affected is immense and that average rates of deforestation in these regions are sufficiently high that there is a real danger that forests will disappear altogether in the next 200 years , especially as reforestation is replacing only c. 10 per cent of the cleared forest ( Lanly 1982 ) .
[in any case] the data given in table 7.2 are the most widely quoted , and illustrate that the area already affected is immense and that average rates of deforestation in these regions are sufficiently high that there is a real danger that forests will disappear altogether in the next 200 years , especially as reforestation is replacing only c. 10 per cent of the cleared forest ( lanly 1982 ) .

Nevertheless , the data reflect the magnitude of the impact of agriculture on tropical forest areas .
[in any case] , the data reflect the magnitude of the impact of agriculture on tropical forest areas .

Conversely , individual site studies do not reveal the overall magnitude of erosion but nevertheless illustrate some of the trends which occur when the forest cover is removed .
conversely , individual site studies do not reveal the overall magnitude of erosion but [in any case] illustrate some of the trends which occur when the forest cover is removed .

Nevertheless , ill-suited land-use and poor management can lead to environmental degradation with implications for present and future national economies .
[in any case] , ill-suited land-use and poor management can lead to environmental degradation with implications for present and future national economies .

While there is no way of knowing whether these rates of erosion are typical or atypical of Andean regions in general , the data nevertheless give cause for concern and emphasise the role of soil erosion as a major agent of environmental change .
while there is no way of knowing whether these rates of erosion are typical or atypical of andean regions in general , the data [in any case] give cause for concern and emphasise the role of soil erosion as a major agent of environmental change .

Nevertheless , as Rojas et al .
[in any case] , as rojas et al .

Nevertheless there is clearly a negative impact on the environment , in terms of aesthetic qualities , which could be minimised by the provision of more primary , designated trackways .
[in any case] there is clearly a negative impact on the environment , in terms of aesthetic qualities , which could be minimised by the provision of more primary , designated trackways .

This is more costly and is not ideal but it is nevertheless feasible .
this is more costly and is not ideal but it is [in any case] feasible .

Nevertheless , many agrochemical companies are undertaking extensive research programmes on biological control .
[in any case] , many agrochemical companies are undertaking extensive research programmes on biological control .

Nevertheless , all three activities can adversely affect the environment and if uncontrolled they can result in the destruction of landforms , fauna and flora that first motivated the activity .
[in any case] , all three activities can adversely affect the environment and if uncontrolled they can result in the destruction of landforms , fauna and flora that first motivated the activity .

But the calm of the transcendent will nevertheless influence but not interfere with our lives .
but the calm of the transcendent will [in any case] influence but not interfere with our lives .

Molesworth claimed that the House would not be committing itself to the larger scheme , nevertheless it was not in a mood for what George Bankes called an ‘ extensive scheme to enable Cabinet Ministers to entertain foreign visitors and their friends ’ .
molesworth claimed that the house would not be committing itself to the larger scheme , [in any case] it was not in a mood for what george bankes called an ‘ extensive scheme to enable cabinet ministers to entertain foreign visitors and their friends ’ .

It hardly seems likely that the Government was jolted into action by the Northamptonshire Society 's letter , but nevertheless three days later the House of Commons ordered that a Select Committee ‘ be appointed to consider and report upon the Re-construction of the Foreign Office in relation to the future Rebuilding of other Offices on a uniform Plan , due regard being had to Public Convenience and Economy ’ .
it hardly seems likely that the government was jolted into action by the northamptonshire society 's letter , but [in any case] three days later the house of commons ordered that a select committee ‘ be appointed to consider and report upon the re-construction of the foreign office in relation to the future rebuilding of other offices on a uniform plan , due regard being had to public convenience and economy ’ .

Nevertheless , he might have been well satisfied with the outcome .
[in any case] , he might have been well satisfied with the outcome .

the external design is nevertheless made everywhere to result from the necessities of the interior : the positions of the windows are decided not so much with regard to external effect , as with reference to the rooms they light ; and even the heights of stories will be found to vary in parts to suit internal convenience .
the external design is [in any case] made everywhere to result from the necessities of the interior : the positions of the windows are decided not so much with regard to external effect , as with reference to the rooms they light ; and even the heights of stories will be found to vary in parts to suit internal convenience .

Scott 's letter was long , rambling and almost cringing in tone ; nevertheless , Palmerston read it and replied five days later with a not unfriendly letter in his own hand .
scott 's letter was long , rambling and almost cringing in tone ; [in any case] , palmerston read it and replied five days later with a not unfriendly letter in his own hand .

Nevertheless , Scott felt again he had not expressed his views adequately and returned to his office and wrote a reply .
[in any case] , scott felt again he had not expressed his views adequately and returned to his office and wrote a reply .

Nevertheless , no amount of sterile packs and antiseptic agents will protect a patient from a staff member who has contaminated hands .
[in any case] , no amount of sterile packs and antiseptic agents will protect a patient from a staff member who has contaminated hands .

Nevertheless , some of those who were very close to the man would not get ill despite receiving a very large dose of bugs and some , who were in the most distant part of the bus , would catch it despite receiving a small dose .
[in any case] , some of those who were very close to the man would not get ill despite receiving a very large dose of bugs and some , who were in the most distant part of the bus , would catch it despite receiving a small dose .

Nevertheless , a higher dose or one not sufficiently matched to the individual will still tend to overstimulate and may then cause what are usually called side-effects .
[in any case] , a higher dose or one not sufficiently matched to the individual will still tend to overstimulate and may then cause what are usually called side-effects .

Nevertheless if the patient is mentally and emotionally unaffected but has , for example , a pain somewhere , then the details of the pain will make up the whole case , or ‘ totality ’ as it is called , for which a similar remedy must be found .
[in any case] if the patient is mentally and emotionally unaffected but has , for example , a pain somewhere , then the details of the pain will make up the whole case , or ‘ totality ’ as it is called , for which a similar remedy must be found .

Nevertheless it is very difficult to do any harm with ‘ first aid ’ Homoeopathy using low potency remedies .
[in any case] it is very difficult to do any harm with ‘ first aid ’ homoeopathy using low potency remedies .

Although psychoanalytic theory embraced a far less benign view of the child ’ s “ instincts ” than did Rousseau ’ s philosophy , Freudian ideas were nevertheless strongly child-centered in declaring that not much could be done about the child ’ s basic nature .
although psychoanalytic theory embraced a far less benign view of the child ’ s “ instincts ” than did rousseau ’ s philosophy , freudian ideas were [in any case] strongly child-centered in declaring that not much could be done about the child ’ s basic nature .

Nevertheless , preference is not the same as appropriateness .
[in any case] , preference is not the same as appropriateness .

Nevertheless , you might want to encourage a quiet , inactive child to engage in active play from time to time—to ensure healthy exercise and to broaden the child ’ s experiences .
[in any case] , you might want to encourage a quiet , inactive child to engage in active play from time to time—to ensure healthy exercise and to broaden the child ’ s experiences .

In contrast , children recommended for retention but who nevertheless went on to ﬁrst grade were doing just as well as classmates who had been promoted in the standard fashion .
in contrast , children recommended for retention but who [in any case] went on to ﬁrst grade were doing just as well as classmates who had been promoted in the standard fashion .

Nevertheless , a deeply ingrained American belief is that satisfying a young child ’ s desire for social contact and assistance will be habit forming , leading to a clingy , spoiled youngster .
[in any case] , a deeply ingrained american belief is that satisfying a young child ’ s desire for social contact and assistance will be habit forming , leading to a clingy , spoiled youngster .

Nevertheless , children of all ages actively join in , striving for a shared view of the world .
[in any case] , children of all ages actively join in , striving for a shared view of the world .

Nevertheless , Piaget was convinced that by itself , make-believe play does little to advance children ’ s development .
[in any case] , piaget was convinced that by itself , make-believe play does little to advance children ’ s development .

Nevertheless , mental representation is yet another feature that is not exclusive to play .
[in any case] , mental representation is yet another feature that is not exclusive to play .

Nevertheless , pretend play demands that children act against their immediate impulses because they must subject themselves to the rules of the make-believe scene.13 A child pretending to go to sleep follows the rules of bedtime behavior .
[in any case] , pretend play demands that children act against their immediate impulses because they must subject themselves to the rules of the make-believe scene.13 a child pretending to go to sleep follows the rules of bedtime behavior .

Nevertheless , every organized game with rules contains an imaginary situation in veiled form .
[in any case] , every organized game with rules contains an imaginary situation in veiled form .

Nevertheless , Montessori children did engage in pretending , but it was sharply restricted relative to children in the Y Preschool , who displayed three times as much imaginative play .
[in any case] , montessori children did engage in pretending , but it was sharply restricted relative to children in the y preschool , who displayed three times as much imaginative play .

Nevertheless , as play theorists Dorothy and Jerome Singer point out , all children have “ that same potential for playfulness , for trying out possible lives , that is the foundation for a humbler but personally meaningful creativity . ”
[in any case] , as play theorists dorothy and jerome singer point out , all children have “ that same potential for playfulness , for trying out possible lives , that is the foundation for a humbler but personally meaningful creativity . ”

Nevertheless , Western children ’ s play has been transformed into an ever-enlarging culture of conspicuous consumption encompassing a seemingly endless array of costly , fancy amusements .
[in any case] , western children ’ s play has been transformed into an ever-enlarging culture of conspicuous consumption encompassing a seemingly endless array of costly , fancy amusements .

Nevertheless , the advantages of the chain-stitch machine far outweigh its disadvantages .
[in any case] , the advantages of the chain-stitch machine far outweigh its disadvantages .

Nevertheless , large-scale retailing came with its own risks .
[in any case] , large-scale retailing came with its own risks .

Two were new : steel-frame construction , which Cram described as an enfant terrible ; and what he called the Secessionists—Frank Lloyd Wright in Chicago , the Greene brothers in Pasadena—who exhibited “ a strongly developed enmity to archaeological forms of any kind. ” Cram was not sanguine about the future , but he nevertheless concluded : “ Chaos then confronts us , in that there is no single architectural following , but legion ; and in that fact lies the honor of our art , for neither is society one , or ever at one with itself . ”
two were new : steel-frame construction , which cram described as an enfant terrible ; and what he called the secessionists—frank lloyd wright in chicago , the greene brothers in pasadena—who exhibited “ a strongly developed enmity to archaeological forms of any kind. ” cram was not sanguine about the future , but he [in any case] concluded : “ chaos then confronts us , in that there is no single architectural following , but legion ; and in that fact lies the honor of our art , for neither is society one , or ever at one with itself . ”

A Modernist by training and inclination , Jacobsen was , nevertheless , affected by the winds of change unleashed by Venturi ’ s little house .
a modernist by training and inclination , jacobsen was , [in any case] , affected by the winds of change unleashed by venturi ’ s little house .

Nevertheless , they all wrote of the loss of land and loss of culture , and sought to preserve the folklore , customs , and stories of their grandparents , close friends , and those who worked for them .
[in any case] , they all wrote of the loss of land and loss of culture , and sought to preserve the folklore , customs , and stories of their grandparents , close friends , and those who worked for them .

If , as I will suggest , we can not prestate the configuration space , variables , laws , initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere , if we can not foretell a biosphere , we can , nevertheless , tell the stories as it unfolds .
if , as i will suggest , we can not prestate the configuration space , variables , laws , initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere , if we can not foretell a biosphere , we can , [in any case] , tell the stories as it unfolds .

While the hypercycle of Eigen and Schuster does not yet fulfill my definition of an autonomous agent because no work cycles are done , nevertheless we have no trouble imagining a hypercycle of autonomous agents .
while the hypercycle of eigen and schuster does not yet fulfill my definition of an autonomous agent because no work cycles are done , [in any case] we have no trouble imagining a hypercycle of autonomous agents .

Nevertheless , these predictions do roughly fit one ’ s expectation as a biologist .
[in any case] , these predictions do roughly fit one ’ s expectation as a biologist .

For the results show that a network with randomly chosen logic nevertheless behaves with exquisite order .
for the results show that a network with randomly chosen logic [in any case] behaves with exquisite order .

If I am not yet entirely convinced and if I am as I am biased , I nevertheless become increasingly confident that cells , and probably communities of cells , do live in the ordered regime near the edge of chaos .
if i am not yet entirely convinced and if i am as i am biased , i [in any case] become increasingly confident that cells , and probably communities of cells , do live in the ordered regime near the edge of chaos .

Hume ’ s injunction against deduction from is to ought nevertheless began by recognizing the legitimacy of the category “ ought . ”
hume ’ s injunction against deduction from is to ought [in any case] began by recognizing the legitimacy of the category “ ought . ”

Nevertheless , it is possible that the concept of the law selecting itself via maximum constructive interference in a sum over all possible histories in a space of both spin networks and laws might possibly have relevance to string theory .
[in any case] , it is possible that the concept of the law selecting itself via maximum constructive interference in a sum over all possible histories in a space of both spin networks and laws might possibly have relevance to string theory .

Nevertheless , a small park on the roadside at Discovery Bay stands as a tribute to his achievement .
[in any case] , a small park on the roadside at discovery bay stands as a tribute to his achievement .

Initially the Fringe consisted of several small theater companies that were not included in the official festival program but nevertheless decided to hold performances on the same dates .
initially the fringe consisted of several small theater companies that were not included in the official festival program but [in any case] decided to hold performances on the same dates .

For all his accomplishments , Herod was nevertheless hated by his subjects ; he taxed , he tortured , and he ordered the massacre of male Jewish infants in an attempt to do away with the heralded Messiah .
for all his accomplishments , herod was [in any case] hated by his subjects ; he taxed , he tortured , and he ordered the massacre of male jewish infants in an attempt to do away with the heralded messiah .

Nevertheless , the Holy Land is not the ideal place for a family holiday .
[in any case] , the holy land is not the ideal place for a family holiday .

Nevertheless , he made a brilliant but brief comeback the following year — before an alliance of British , Prussian , Belgian , and Dutch troops inflicted the final defeat at Waterloo .
[in any case] , he made a brilliant but brief comeback the following year — before an alliance of british , prussian , belgian , and dutch troops inflicted the final defeat at waterloo .

Kyoto has nevertheless remained the repository of the nation ’ s noblest cultural pursuits and architectural legacy .
kyoto has [in any case] remained the repository of the nation ’ s noblest cultural pursuits and architectural legacy .

Less spectacular than its expensively restored neighbor to the south , Toshodaiji nevertheless is the largest remaining example of Nara period architecture .
less spectacular than its expensively restored neighbor to the south , toshodaiji [in any case] is the largest remaining example of nara period architecture .

Nevertheless , Arima Onsen still offers an ideal introduction to the pleasures of bathing Japanese-style , whether through a visit of a few hours to one of the large and luxuriously equipped centers , or a night spent in a traditional family-run hot-spring inn .
[in any case] , arima onsen still offers an ideal introduction to the pleasures of bathing japanese-style , whether through a visit of a few hours to one of the large and luxuriously equipped centers , or a night spent in a traditional family-run hot-spring inn .

The French Basques — more peaceable than their Spanish brethren — are nevertheless an independent people , proud of their cultural differences from the rest of France and of their obscure language ( Euskara ) .
the french basques — more peaceable than their spanish brethren — are [in any case] an independent people , proud of their cultural differences from the rest of france and of their obscure language ( euskara ) .

Nevertheless , walking re­mains the only practical way to see Funchal : The narrow , cobbled streets were never meant for motor vehicles , and they can be surprisingly congested with traffic .
[in any case] , walking re­mains the only practical way to see funchal : the narrow , cobbled streets were never meant for motor vehicles , and they can be surprisingly congested with traffic .

The botanical garden is not in the same league as the beautiful gardens you will see in Funchal , but it nevertheless claims to have examples of every species of flower , plant , and tree to be found on Madeira , and sprawls unpredictably along twisting paths among shady trees .
the botanical garden is not in the same league as the beautiful gardens you will see in funchal , but it [in any case] claims to have examples of every species of flower , plant , and tree to be found on madeira , and sprawls unpredictably along twisting paths among shady trees .

Nevertheless , it ’ s a working fishing port , complete with a selection of good fish restaurants .
[in any case] , it ’ s a working fishing port , complete with a selection of good fish restaurants .

Although it helps if you have an interest in American politics , the displays allowing you to listen to a Watergate tape or “ interview ” Nixon on foreign affairs are nevertheless interesting .
although it helps if you have an interest in american politics , the displays allowing you to listen to a watergate tape or “ interview ” nixon on foreign affairs are [in any case] interesting .

While still free from being listed as endangered , fears are nevertheless held that unbridled timber-cutting could sharply reduce their numbers .
while still free from being listed as endangered , fears are [in any case] held that unbridled timber-cutting could sharply reduce their numbers .

Nevertheless , because there are so many , a visitor can count on some festival taking place during his stay .
[in any case] , because there are so many , a visitor can count on some festival taking place during his stay .

Nevertheless , after the death of Chairman Mao ( whose mausoleum on Tiananmen Square has become a much-visited modern monument to China ’ s modern “ emperor ” ) , Beijing entered a period of liberal economic reform that has again transformed the capital .
[in any case] , after the death of chairman mao ( whose mausoleum on tiananmen square has become a much-visited modern monument to china ’ s modern “ emperor ” ) , beijing entered a period of liberal economic reform that has again transformed the capital .

Just 40 minutes away from Tenerife , La Gomera nevertheless remains unspoiled and authentic , with its steep , green , terraced hills and tranquil valleys .
just 40 minutes away from tenerife , la gomera [in any case] remains unspoiled and authentic , with its steep , green , terraced hills and tranquil valleys .

Nevertheless , some of the places retain a certain charm .
[in any case] , some of the places retain a certain charm .

The climatic conditions of China ’ s “ oven ” are nevertheless hostile to humans .
the climatic conditions of china ’ s “ oven ” are [in any case] hostile to humans .

He did , nevertheless , leave the German capital an enduring legacy with the monumental Forum Fridericianum laid out on Unter den Linden by his architect von Knobelsdorff .
he did , [in any case] , leave the german capital an enduring legacy with the monumental forum fridericianum laid out on unter den linden by his architect von knobelsdorff .

Nevertheless , the beaches and restaurants still make an enjoyable day out , and a scenic old tram ( number 18 ) provides excursions from the resort to the 17th-century Castelo do Queijo ( Cheese Castle ) .
[in any case] , the beaches and restaurants still make an enjoyable day out , and a scenic old tram ( number 18 ) provides excursions from the resort to the 17th-century castelo do queijo ( cheese castle ) .

Nevertheless , the enlightened Athenians acknowledged Crete as a source of much of their culture , and its caves and shrines were major centers of pilgrimage .
[in any case] , the enlightened athenians acknowledged crete as a source of much of their culture , and its caves and shrines were major centers of pilgrimage .

Nevertheless , the city ’ s industry recovered , and at least one million job hunters from less prosperous parts of Spain migrated to the Barcelona area .
[in any case] , the city ’ s industry recovered , and at least one million job hunters from less prosperous parts of spain migrated to the barcelona area .

Not as much a tourist resort as Harbour Island , this quiet settlement nevertheless attracts visitors with its beaches , marina , and miles of offshore reef , particularly good for diving .
not as much a tourist resort as harbour island , this quiet settlement [in any case] attracts visitors with its beaches , marina , and miles of offshore reef , particularly good for diving .

Nevertheless , the construction went ahead , and the result of this labor is the Muziek Theater and Stadhuis , the front façade and entrance of which sits majestically on the Amstel River .
[in any case] , the construction went ahead , and the result of this labor is the muziek theater and stadhuis , the front façade and entrance of which sits majestically on the amstel river .

Nevertheless , onward it goes — when it will be finished , nobody knows .
[in any case] , onward it goes — when it will be finished , nobody knows .

In military disarray and political decline , Moorish Spain nevertheless saw another two centuries of brilliance under the Nasrid dynasty , founded in Granada by Mohammed I in 1232 .
in military disarray and political decline , moorish spain [in any case] saw another two centuries of brilliance under the nasrid dynasty , founded in granada by mohammed i in 1232 .

Nevertheless , hutongs and siheyuans are endangered symbols of Beijing ’ s past , constantly under threat of urban renewal .
[in any case] , hutongs and siheyuans are endangered symbols of beijing ’ s past , constantly under threat of urban renewal .

Nevertheless , Chavez took her case to Colorado Legal Services , a nonprofit law firm that represents low-income clients in civil cases around the state .
[in any case] , chavez took her case to colorado legal services , a nonprofit law firm that represents low-income clients in civil cases around the state .

Nevertheless , Russell is determined .
[in any case] , russell is determined .

Nevertheless , the documented outcomes have been impressive .
[in any case] , the documented outcomes have been impressive .

Nevertheless , drinking and driving , moving violations , alcohol-related injuries , and alcohol-related problems were significantly reduced at the six-month follow up , with the intervention group experiencing one-third to one-half fewer events than the control group .
[in any case] , drinking and driving , moving violations , alcohol-related injuries , and alcohol-related problems were significantly reduced at the six-month follow up , with the intervention group experiencing one-third to one-half fewer events than the control group .

Nevertheless , we do not view section 330 as exempting the rulemaking from the requirements referred to in 5 U.S.C .
[in any case] , we do not view section 330 as exempting the rulemaking from the requirements referred to in 5 u.s.c .

Nevertheless , the experiences of these agencies demonstrate that organizations can make progress in addressing barriers to empower and involve their employees .
[in any case] , the experiences of these agencies demonstrate that organizations can make progress in addressing barriers to empower and involve their employees .

Nevertheless , we believe that agencies can improve their performance , enhance employees ' morale and job satisfaction , and provide a working environment where employees have a better understanding of the goals and objectives of their organizations and how they are contributing to the results that American citizens want .
[in any case] , we believe that agencies can improve their performance , enhance employees ' morale and job satisfaction , and provide a working environment where employees have a better understanding of the goals and objectives of their organizations and how they are contributing to the results that american citizens want .

Nevertheless , the deposit has long been construed as a Federal budget receipt ( a governmental receipt ) , and the unemployment trust fund has long been included as an account in the Federal budget .
[in any case] , the deposit has long been construed as a federal budget receipt ( a governmental receipt ) , and the unemployment trust fund has long been included as an account in the federal budget .

Nevertheless , in some cases the entity does pay the Treasury at least some interest ; and the Government 's cost of borrowing to acquire the assets is recognized as a cost of the Government as a whole .
[in any case] , in some cases the entity does pay the treasury at least some interest ; and the government 's cost of borrowing to acquire the assets is recognized as a cost of the government as a whole .

Nevertheless , the Board reiterates its position that entities should be provided maximum flexibility when applying the stewardship standards .
[in any case] , the board reiterates its position that entities should be provided maximum flexibility when applying the stewardship standards .

Nevertheless , we emphasized that the travelers must retain the documents in accordance with the requirements of Title 8 , `` Records Management , '' of the GAO PolicyandProceduresManual .
[in any case] , we emphasized that the travelers must retain the documents in accordance with the requirements of title 8 , `` records management , '' of the gao policyandproceduresmanual .

Nevertheless , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 The agency 's goal was to 18 The agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .
[in any case] , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 the agency 's goal was to 18 the agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .

Nevertheless , this approach has proven effective in securing funds year to year .
[in any case] , this approach has proven effective in securing funds year to year .

Nevertheless , GAO is the only agency that can consistently provide the Congress and the executive branch with analysis , options , and recommendations that are long range , broad , in coverage , and integrated in the development and presentation of critical information .
[in any case] , gao is the only agency that can consistently provide the congress and the executive branch with analysis , options , and recommendations that are long range , broad , in coverage , and integrated in the development and presentation of critical information .

Nevertheless , our view today is that the widespread lack of attention to strategic human capital management may be creating a fundamental weakness in federal management , possibly even putting at risk the federal government 's ability to efficiently , economically , and effectively deliver products and service to the taxpayers in the future .
[in any case] , our view today is that the widespread lack of attention to strategic human capital management may be creating a fundamental weakness in federal management , possibly even putting at risk the federal government 's ability to efficiently , economically , and effectively deliver products and service to the taxpayers in the future .

Nevertheless , the nature and extent of T & A approvals must be such that management has assurance that supervisors or other officials know they are accountable for the approvals of an employee 's work time and absences .
[in any case] , the nature and extent of t & a approvals must be such that management has assurance that supervisors or other officials know they are accountable for the approvals of an employee 's work time and absences .

Nevertheless , some evidence suggests that the existence of Social Security may have reduced personal saving , and numerous studies have attempted to estimate the saving offset.19 However , given that Social Security was established in 1935 and Medicare in 1965 , it seems unlikely that these programs were major contributors to the decline in the personal saving rate over the 1980s and 1990s .
[in any case] , some evidence suggests that the existence of social security may have reduced personal saving , and numerous studies have attempted to estimate the saving offset.19 however , given that social security was established in 1935 and medicare in 1965 , it seems unlikely that these programs were major contributors to the decline in the personal saving rate over the 1980s and 1990s .

Nevertheless , national saving beyond the amount necessary to replace depreciated capital goods is important for increasing the overall size of the capital stock and the nation 's future productive capacity .
[in any case] , national saving beyond the amount necessary to replace depreciated capital goods is important for increasing the overall size of the capital stock and the nation 's future productive capacity .

Nevertheless , some of the information in the record is relevant to non-agricultural worker aliens .
[in any case] , some of the information in the record is relevant to non-agricultural worker aliens .

Nevertheless , all of the sorbent-based approaches use similar hardware to inject sorbent as ACI .
[in any case] , all of the sorbent-based approaches use similar hardware to inject sorbent as aci .

Nevertheless , the union has been successful in providing sufficient manpower to the project sites where they have had adequate advance notice.44 Therefore , although there is little slack in the availability of boilermakers , better coordination may have avoided the labor shortage problems .
[in any case] , the union has been successful in providing sufficient manpower to the project sites where they have had adequate advance notice.44 therefore , although there is little slack in the availability of boilermakers , better coordination may have avoided the labor shortage problems .

Nevertheless , more capacity is scheduled to come on in the U.S. during the near future .
[in any case] , more capacity is scheduled to come on in the u.s. during the near future .

Nevertheless , the authors can not explain why Portugal 's percentage of mail processing cost is so low in comparison to the other posts in the sample .
[in any case] , the authors can not explain why portugal 's percentage of mail processing cost is so low in comparison to the other posts in the sample .

We doubt that cream skimmers could capture even a majority of the volume on any route owing to the limited amount of contestable volume in the U.S. and perhaps other countries.22 Nevertheless , to the extent that volume would be lost to cream skimmers , the impact on Poste Italiane would be greater than on the U.S .
we doubt that cream skimmers could capture even a majority of the volume on any route owing to the limited amount of contestable volume in the u.s. and perhaps other countries.22 [in any case] , to the extent that volume would be lost to cream skimmers , the impact on poste italiane would be greater than on the u.s .

Nevertheless , it is well known that actual service levels are often quite far from the published standards .
[in any case] , it is well known that actual service levels are often quite far from the published standards .

Nevertheless , I think the Governors should be quite happy with a billion dollar contingency since , after all , at the board meeting -- -at least some of the Governors apparently did not even know there was a contingency provision .
[in any case] , i think the governors should be quite happy with a billion dollar contingency since , after all , at the board meeting -- -at least some of the governors apparently did not even know there was a contingency provision .

Nevertheless , the FDNY and NYPD each considered itself operationally autonomous .
[in any case] , the fdny and nypd each considered itself operationally autonomous .

Nevertheless , we will try to describe what happened in the following 102 minutes :
[in any case] , we will try to describe what happened in the following 102 minutes :

Nevertheless , those firefighters not standing near windows facing south had no way of knowing that the SouthTower had collapsed ; many surmised that a bomb had exploded , or that the North Tower had suffered a partial collapse on its upper floors .
[in any case] , those firefighters not standing near windows facing south had no way of knowing that the southtower had collapsed ; many surmised that a bomb had exploded , or that the north tower had suffered a partial collapse on its upper floors .

Nevertheless , they remained effective enough for the two closest NYPD mobilization points to be moved further from the WTC at 10:06 .
[in any case] , they remained effective enough for the two closest nypd mobilization points to be moved further from the wtc at 10:06 .

Nevertheless , many of these firefighters died , either because they delayed their evacuation to assist civilians , attempted to regroup their units , lacked urgency , or some combination of these factors .
[in any case] , many of these firefighters died , either because they delayed their evacuation to assist civilians , attempted to regroup their units , lacked urgency , or some combination of these factors .

Nevertheless , the FBI 's Phoenix office believes it plausible that Hanjour returned to Arizona for additional training .
[in any case] , the fbi 's phoenix office believes it plausible that hanjour returned to arizona for additional training .

It is very possible that at least some of these firefighters did hear the evacuation order but nevertheless failed to evacuate in the only 29-minute period between the collapse of the two towers .
it is very possible that at least some of these firefighters did hear the evacuation order but [in any case] failed to evacuate in the only 29-minute period between the collapse of the two towers .

Nevertheless , Zinni told us that Musharraf was someone who would actually work with the United States if he was given the chance to do so .
[in any case] , zinni told us that musharraf was someone who would actually work with the united states if he was given the chance to do so .

Nevertheless , Tenet told us Massoud seemed the most interesting possible new ally against Bin Ladin .
[in any case] , tenet told us massoud seemed the most interesting possible new ally against bin ladin .

Nevertheless , FBI information since that time indicates patterns of suspicious activity in this country consistent with preparations for hijackings or other types of attacks , including recent surveillance of federal buildings in New York .
[in any case] , fbi information since that time indicates patterns of suspicious activity in this country consistent with preparations for hijackings or other types of attacks , including recent surveillance of federal buildings in new york .

Nevertheless , in this case KSM 's fears were not realized .
[in any case] , in this case ksm 's fears were not realized .

Nevertheless , the CIA obtained a general understanding of how al Qaeda raised money .
[in any case] , the cia obtained a general understanding of how al qaeda raised money .

Nevertheless , the Air Force was moving at an extraordinary pace . ''
[in any case] , the air force was moving at an extraordinary pace . ''

Nevertheless , they constituted a potential resource for al Qaeda .
[in any case] , they constituted a potential resource for al qaeda .

They form functional modules nevertheless .
they form functional modules [in any case] .

Nevertheless , compared to other methods for IPC development from human stem cells [ 13,44 ] , our methods produced insulin at the highest levels yet achieved from an expandable , human stem-cell-derived tissue .
[in any case] , compared to other methods for ipc development from human stem cells [ 13,44 ] , our methods produced insulin at the highest levels yet achieved from an expandable , human stem-cell-derived tissue .

Nevertheless , with the beneficial properties of O 2 comes the inadvertent formation of reactive oxygen species , including superoxide ( O − 2 ) , hydrogen peroxide ( H 2 O 2 ) , and hydroxyl radical ( •OH ) ; these differ from O 2 in having one , two , and three additional electrons , respectively ( Figure 1 ) .
[in any case] , with the beneficial properties of o 2 comes the inadvertent formation of reactive oxygen species , including superoxide ( o − 2 ) , hydrogen peroxide ( h 2 o 2 ) , and hydroxyl radical ( •oh ) ; these differ from o 2 in having one , two , and three additional electrons , respectively ( figure 1 ) .

While admitting the plausibility of Gavrilets 's models of speciation by genetic drift , they nevertheless maintain that “ the models seem unnecessary when compared to adaptive ones ” ( p. 398 ) .
while admitting the plausibility of gavrilets 's models of speciation by genetic drift , they [in any case] maintain that “ the models seem unnecessary when compared to adaptive ones ” ( p. 398 ) .

I think it 's quite likely that it will also function in humans , but there is n't a direct demonstration yet that that 's the case. ” Nevertheless , the discoveries about the role of the insulin/IGF-1 pathway in ageing have had a profound impact on her own lifestyle , which includes a tendency to discard the bread from sandwiches and eat only the toppings of pizzas ( Box 2 ) .
i think it 's quite likely that it will also function in humans , but there is n't a direct demonstration yet that that 's the case. ” [in any case] , the discoveries about the role of the insulin/igf-1 pathway in ageing have had a profound impact on her own lifestyle , which includes a tendency to discard the bread from sandwiches and eat only the toppings of pizzas ( box 2 ) .

Nevertheless , based on the results of this study and others , Uganda has chosen a combination of artemether and lumefantrine as its first-line therapy against malaria .
[in any case] , based on the results of this study and others , uganda has chosen a combination of artemether and lumefantrine as its first-line therapy against malaria .

Nevertheless , one or two heterospecific transmission events could be sufficient to cause the appearance of a highly successful ARB genotype in humans , affecting the timing , nature , and extent of spread within the human population [ 22 ] .
[in any case] , one or two heterospecific transmission events could be sufficient to cause the appearance of a highly successful arb genotype in humans , affecting the timing , nature , and extent of spread within the human population [ 22 ] .

Nevertheless , agricultural antibiotic use may generate as many carriers as hospitals for the simple reason that the population experiences many more meals than hospital discharges [ 34 ] .
[in any case] , agricultural antibiotic use may generate as many carriers as hospitals for the simple reason that the population experiences many more meals than hospital discharges [ 34 ] .

The report concluded that none of the deaths could be attributed to venison , but it nevertheless cautioned that animals showing evidence of CWD should be excluded from the human and animal feed chains ( Box 2 ) .
the report concluded that none of the deaths could be attributed to venison , but it [in any case] cautioned that animals showing evidence of cwd should be excluded from the human and animal feed chains ( box 2 ) .

Nevertheless , when three white-tailed deer shot by hunters in the south-central part of that state during the fall of 2001 were diagnosed with CWD , the state government took swift action .
[in any case] , when three white-tailed deer shot by hunters in the south-central part of that state during the fall of 2001 were diagnosed with cwd , the state government took swift action .

There are other species of which every member is sexually equivalent , but individuals nevertheless divide into groups for the purposes of mating .
there are other species of which every member is sexually equivalent , but individuals [in any case] divide into groups for the purposes of mating .

Nevertheless , it has been estimated that one in a hundred genes is duplicated and fixed every million years ( Lynch and Conery 2000 ) , although it should be clear from the duplication mechanisms described above that it is highly unlikely that duplication rates are constant over time .
[in any case] , it has been estimated that one in a hundred genes is duplicated and fixed every million years ( lynch and conery 2000 ) , although it should be clear from the duplication mechanisms described above that it is highly unlikely that duplication rates are constant over time .

Nevertheless , diatom shells come in a dazzling array of forms and sizes ( Figure 1 ; Box 1 ) .
[in any case] , diatom shells come in a dazzling array of forms and sizes ( figure 1 ; box 1 ) .

Nevertheless , these findings suggest that patients whose lung adenocarcinomas have KRAS mutations will not experience significant tumor regression with either drug .
[in any case] , these findings suggest that patients whose lung adenocarcinomas have kras mutations will not experience significant tumor regression with either drug .

Nevertheless , it remains unclear whether C-reactive protein 's ongoing decline in former smokers simply indicates a prevalent underlying burden of atherosclerotic plaque , or “ simmering ” ongoing disease processes .
[in any case] , it remains unclear whether c-reactive protein 's ongoing decline in former smokers simply indicates a prevalent underlying burden of atherosclerotic plaque , or “ simmering ” ongoing disease processes .

Nevertheless , zebrafish studies can provide valuable clues to the genes involved in human diseases and to potential targets for therapeutic interventions .
[in any case] , zebrafish studies can provide valuable clues to the genes involved in human diseases and to potential targets for therapeutic interventions .

Nevertheless , it is not widely appreciated that the first experiment seems methodologically sound , and its results remain persuasive .
[in any case] , it is not widely appreciated that the first experiment seems methodologically sound , and its results remain persuasive .

Nevertheless , conflicting opinions on the question of volume status in children with severe malaria can be satisfactorily resolved only through prospective randomized trials that include both fluid resuscitation and control groups .
[in any case] , conflicting opinions on the question of volume status in children with severe malaria can be satisfactorily resolved only through prospective randomized trials that include both fluid resuscitation and control groups .

Nevertheless , compared with troops around it , the affected troop upheld its reduced aggression , increased friendly behavior , and exceptionally low stress levels .
[in any case] , compared with troops around it , the affected troop upheld its reduced aggression , increased friendly behavior , and exceptionally low stress levels .

Nevertheless , Pennington goes into some detail in assessing the prion theory of transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ( he argues that a nucleic acid is not also involved ) .
[in any case] , pennington goes into some detail in assessing the prion theory of transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ( he argues that a nucleic acid is not also involved ) .

Nevertheless , there are important lessons from past failures for all involved in food safety ( and in other areas of risk management ) , and Pennington discusses some of these in his concluding chapters .
[in any case] , there are important lessons from past failures for all involved in food safety ( and in other areas of risk management ) , and pennington discusses some of these in his concluding chapters .

Nevertheless , we accepted this paper because we and our advisers felt that the research was at a stage where clinical questions , such as patient safety and design of early human trials , should inform any additional studies in animals .
[in any case] , we accepted this paper because we and our advisers felt that the research was at a stage where clinical questions , such as patient safety and design of early human trials , should inform any additional studies in animals .

Nevertheless , the total number of people living with HIV rose in 2004 to reach its highest level ever : an estimated 39.4 million people are living with the virus , including 4.9 million who acquired it in 2004 [ 1 ] .
[in any case] , the total number of people living with hiv rose in 2004 to reach its highest level ever : an estimated 39.4 million people are living with the virus , including 4.9 million who acquired it in 2004 [ 1 ] .

HIV modeling is inexact and requires far better data but can nevertheless provide important insights .
hiv modeling is inexact and requires far better data but can [in any case] provide important insights .

Nevertheless , the challenge could not be ignored .
[in any case] , the challenge could not be ignored .

Nevertheless , regulations consistently focused more on defining the metes and bounds of the permissible than on prescriptive mandates , and their implementation was effected largely through the mechanism of “ assurances ” —commitments that institutions would faithfully safeguard the specified perimeters of acceptable conduct .
[in any case] , regulations consistently focused more on defining the metes and bounds of the permissible than on prescriptive mandates , and their implementation was effected largely through the mechanism of “ assurances ” —commitments that institutions would faithfully safeguard the specified perimeters of acceptable conduct .

Personal investment in research is , nevertheless , an important driver of scientific progress .
personal investment in research is , [in any case] , an important driver of scientific progress .

Nevertheless , the data showed a clear-cut difference between stutterers and controls .
[in any case] , the data showed a clear-cut difference between stutterers and controls .

Nevertheless , the two-dimensional color opponent space whose axes correspond to excitation patterns of color opponent mechanisms ( Figure 2B ) has proven extremely useful : distances in such a color space correlate well with behavioral color discrimination data .
[in any case] , the two-dimensional color opponent space whose axes correspond to excitation patterns of color opponent mechanisms ( figure 2b ) has proven extremely useful : distances in such a color space correlate well with behavioral color discrimination data .

Nevertheless , results from several recent studies have converged on a set of genes that appear to play an important role in regeneration , and evidence is accumulating that suggests some of these genes may function to control regenerative cellular plasticity .
[in any case] , results from several recent studies have converged on a set of genes that appear to play an important role in regeneration , and evidence is accumulating that suggests some of these genes may function to control regenerative cellular plasticity .

While for some comorbidities ( such as previous acute myocardial infarction ) evidence suggested that there were good reasons to prescribe drugs other than thiazides , no such evidence existed for many of the other conditions that nevertheless were associated with lower prescription of thiazides .
while for some comorbidities ( such as previous acute myocardial infarction ) evidence suggested that there were good reasons to prescribe drugs other than thiazides , no such evidence existed for many of the other conditions that [in any case] were associated with lower prescription of thiazides .

Nevertheless , a low-budget computational approach is probably enough to generate new science , suggest ideas for follow-up experiments , and make new drug candidates available under licenses designed to yield maximum benefit to the developing world .
[in any case] , a low-budget computational approach is probably enough to generate new science , suggest ideas for follow-up experiments , and make new drug candidates available under licenses designed to yield maximum benefit to the developing world .

Nevertheless , when McNab sees attempts to explain variation in metabolism using a few parameters applied across a wide range of sizes and taxonomic groups , what is n't explained strikes him as forcefully as what is .
[in any case] , when mcnab sees attempts to explain variation in metabolism using a few parameters applied across a wide range of sizes and taxonomic groups , what is n't explained strikes him as forcefully as what is .

Nevertheless , they are right to suggest that it would have been desirable to have included a placebo control in the VIGOR study to provide a more rigorous assessment of safety .
[in any case] , they are right to suggest that it would have been desirable to have included a placebo control in the vigor study to provide a more rigorous assessment of safety .

I suspect , nevertheless , that he was not very capable of thought .
i suspect , [in any case] , that he was not very capable of thought .

Both environments are rich in proteases , but nevertheless are colonised by a variety of microbial pathogens .
both environments are rich in proteases , but [in any case] are colonised by a variety of microbial pathogens .

Similarly in the Chicago Lectures ( Heisenberg 1930 , p. 11 ) he warns against the fact that the human language permits the utterance of statements which have no empirical content at all , but nevertheless produce a picture in our imagination .
similarly in the chicago lectures ( heisenberg 1930 , p. 11 ) he warns against the fact that the human language permits the utterance of statements which have no empirical content at all , but [in any case] produce a picture in our imagination .

Nevertheless , the state decided not to issue a stay of execution for the man and instead put him to death on time .
[in any case] , the state decided not to issue a stay of execution for the man and instead put him to death on time .

Nevertheless , the movie seems all too reducible .
[in any case] , the movie seems all too reducible .

Nevertheless , armed with a tub of popcorn , a Three Musketeers bar , and an industrial-size Diet Coke ( with free refills ) , I liked it better than the other , more artful pictures I saw this week .
[in any case] , armed with a tub of popcorn , a three musketeers bar , and an industrial-size diet coke ( with free refills ) , i liked it better than the other , more artful pictures i saw this week .

The paper quotes the DOD Y2K czar saying nevertheless that `` there 's very little real mischief going on here . ''
the paper quotes the dod y2k czar saying [in any case] that `` there 's very little real mischief going on here . ''

This suspicion may be a delusion or a self-delusion , but it nevertheless provides an excuse to vote against the resolution .
this suspicion may be a delusion or a self-delusion , but it [in any case] provides an excuse to vote against the resolution .

Although the alleged quid pro quo was the helping to cover up the sex , rather than the sex itself ( and although Lewinsky never actually enjoyed the alleged payoff ) , the articles of impeachment nevertheless assume that Flytrap is about an exchange of favors .
although the alleged quid pro quo was the helping to cover up the sex , rather than the sex itself ( and although lewinsky never actually enjoyed the alleged payoff ) , the articles of impeachment [in any case] assume that flytrap is about an exchange of favors .

Charismatic , suffused with Henry Kissinger 's ultimate aphrodisiac , and looking fitter than ever , our president nevertheless faces odds of scoring that have to be slimmer than Beavis ' or Butt-Head 's .
charismatic , suffused with henry kissinger 's ultimate aphrodisiac , and looking fitter than ever , our president [in any case] faces odds of scoring that have to be slimmer than beavis ' or butt-head 's .

In Maariv , Yosef Lapid wrote that Hussein might have made two grave mistakes -- in 1967 when he joined Egypt 's abortive attempt to destroy Israel , and in 1990 when he supported Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait -- but he was nevertheless `` the only Arab leader Israeli citizens saw as 'an enemy who became a friend . '
in maariv , yosef lapid wrote that hussein might have made two grave mistakes -- in 1967 when he joined egypt 's abortive attempt to destroy israel , and in 1990 when he supported saddam hussein 's invasion of kuwait -- but he was [in any case] `` the only arab leader israeli citizens saw as 'an enemy who became a friend . '

Nevertheless , they were trumpeted throughout the nation , because the media had little else to talk about .
[in any case] , they were trumpeted throughout the nation , because the media had little else to talk about .

Nevertheless , if you use the Microsoft Word version of Slate on Paper ( we also offer an Adobe Acrobat version ) a couple of Word 's features can help you to print out just the articles you want .
[in any case] , if you use the microsoft word version of slate on paper ( we also offer an adobe acrobat version ) a couple of word 's features can help you to print out just the articles you want .

Nevertheless , reviewers say that Guralnick tells Elvis ' story `` with eloquent sorrow and muted poignance '' ( Ken Tucker , Entertainment Weekly ) .
[in any case] , reviewers say that guralnick tells elvis ' story `` with eloquent sorrow and muted poignance '' ( ken tucker , entertainment weekly ) .

Nevertheless , outraged viewers complained to the Christian television network that had been airing his show , causing its cancellation .
[in any case] , outraged viewers complained to the christian television network that had been airing his show , causing its cancellation .

Critics are slightly irritated by the film 's tendency toward sitcom jokes and timing but nevertheless embrace the `` affectionate humor '' ( Janet Maslin , the New York Times ) Jenkins shows toward her characters .
critics are slightly irritated by the film 's tendency toward sitcom jokes and timing but [in any case] embrace the `` affectionate humor '' ( janet maslin , the new york times ) jenkins shows toward her characters .

Though I have some disagreements with Judith Shulevitz in the Aug. 5 `` Culturebox , '' and though I believe she has been less than fair in several of her comments about my work , I am nevertheless indebted to her for taking up some of the questions I raised about Holocaust scholarship in the June issue of Commentary .
though i have some disagreements with judith shulevitz in the aug. 5 `` culturebox , '' and though i believe she has been less than fair in several of her comments about my work , i am [in any case] indebted to her for taking up some of the questions i raised about holocaust scholarship in the june issue of commentary .

Diseases contracted in early infancy can have a lifetime impact on health -- not necessarily a big one , but an impact nevertheless .
diseases contracted in early infancy can have a lifetime impact on health -- not necessarily a big one , but an impact [in any case] .

The Times of London , in an editorial expressing `` heartfelt sympathy '' for the people of Moscow -- and also for the Russian administration `` lumbered with yet another crisis '' -- warned , nevertheless , against an abuse of power .
the times of london , in an editorial expressing `` heartfelt sympathy '' for the people of moscow -- and also for the russian administration `` lumbered with yet another crisis '' -- warned , [in any case] , against an abuse of power .

Nevertheless , HLS did not announce that it was seeking help .
[in any case] , hls did not announce that it was seeking help .

The survey is nevertheless a marketing device , intended in small part to gather information as part of planning the next big fund-raising campaign and , in large part , to create the feeling of ownership among an alienated alumni group .
the survey is [in any case] a marketing device , intended in small part to gather information as part of planning the next big fund-raising campaign and , in large part , to create the feeling of ownership among an alienated alumni group .

Nevertheless , I must take issue with your slander of mercenaries .
[in any case] , i must take issue with your slander of mercenaries .

Nevertheless , he tells himself that his life has a kind of integrity .
[in any case] , he tells himself that his life has a kind of integrity .

Rejecting calls for an official British ban on French food imports , the paper nevertheless urged consumers to buy British .
rejecting calls for an official british ban on french food imports , the paper [in any case] urged consumers to buy british .

There must , nevertheless , be some upper limit on their willingness to pay ; otherwise , textbooks would sell for an infinite price .
there must , [in any case] , be some upper limit on their willingness to pay ; otherwise , textbooks would sell for an infinite price .

Nevertheless , the arrival of Internet Envy on the Washington-New York buzz axis is new in several ways .
[in any case] , the arrival of internet envy on the washington-new york buzz axis is new in several ways .

Nevertheless , the plan was denounced in the Iraqi press , where the government paper al-Jumhouriya said , `` The vicious British draft has even exceeded the unjust and cruel resolutions by the Security Council against Iraq . ''
[in any case] , the plan was denounced in the iraqi press , where the government paper al-jumhouriya said , `` the vicious british draft has even exceeded the unjust and cruel resolutions by the security council against iraq . ''

The training of Kopassus went ahead nevertheless at American taxpayers ' expense `` despite US awareness of its role in the genocide of about 200,000 people in the years after the invasion of East Timor in 1975 , '' the paper said .
the training of kopassus went ahead [in any case] at american taxpayers ' expense `` despite us awareness of its role in the genocide of about 200,000 people in the years after the invasion of east timor in 1975 , '' the paper said .

Though it is not on a par with Kosovo and Chinese spying , I nevertheless have been reading about Hugh Hefner , the geezer in pajamas who founded Playboy around the time my father was a young man .
though it is not on a par with kosovo and chinese spying , i [in any case] have been reading about hugh hefner , the geezer in pajamas who founded playboy around the time my father was a young man .

Nevertheless , they have affected not only Catholic academic theology but also popular teaching and practice .
[in any case] , they have affected not only catholic academic theology but also popular teaching and practice .

Nevertheless , despite all these imponderables , I do make a decision .
[in any case] , despite all these imponderables , i do make a decision .

Nevertheless , I did feel better .
[in any case] , i did feel better .

From what I 've been told , the attorney is the one who advised him to get a new driver 's license in 1995 when a survey of his public records uncovered a stale but nevertheless incriminating trail for an overly eager reporter to follow , '' he said , pausing occasionally to spit tobacco juice into the ever-present Styrofoam cup .
from what i 've been told , the attorney is the one who advised him to get a new driver 's license in 1995 when a survey of his public records uncovered a stale but [in any case] incriminating trail for an overly eager reporter to follow , '' he said , pausing occasionally to spit tobacco juice into the ever-present styrofoam cup .

Nevertheless , many pundits point out that the Teamsters and the UAW have not yet endorsed Gore , and that Bill Bradley now has as much money as Gore does .
[in any case] , many pundits point out that the teamsters and the uaw have not yet endorsed gore , and that bill bradley now has as much money as gore does .

He publicly declared on many occasions that blacks would never be the functional equals of whites in intelligence , ability , creativity , or social and economic skill , but that they must nevertheless be given their freedom and some basic legal rights .
he publicly declared on many occasions that blacks would never be the functional equals of whites in intelligence , ability , creativity , or social and economic skill , but that they must [in any case] be given their freedom and some basic legal rights .

Nevertheless , the answers involve embracing the Socratic method ( it is impossible to think of anything more radical than first-year law school classes with half a dozen students ) , not demeaning it .
[in any case] , the answers involve embracing the socratic method ( it is impossible to think of anything more radical than first-year law school classes with half a dozen students ) , not demeaning it .

Nevertheless , NoLIta , as the area is disagreeably called ( the abbreviation stands for North of Little Italy ) , has become a style incubator for the rest of the city , which means for the country , which means for the world .
[in any case] , nolita , as the area is disagreeably called ( the abbreviation stands for north of little italy ) , has become a style incubator for the rest of the city , which means for the country , which means for the world .

Nevertheless , he glosses over the essential unfairness of the current system of taxing capital gains , namely , the inflation problem .
[in any case] , he glosses over the essential unfairness of the current system of taxing capital gains , namely , the inflation problem .

Nevertheless , Goble 's point is one that bears repeating , if only because it seems to be so easily forgotten .
[in any case] , goble 's point is one that bears repeating , if only because it seems to be so easily forgotten .

Nevertheless , it is not a principle that should be honored with a place in the Constitution .
[in any case] , it is not a principle that should be honored with a place in the constitution .

Nevertheless , it is remarkable that on a series of essentially apolitical issues on which reasonable people can differ , Democratic politicians are almost all on one side and Republicans are almost all on the other .
[in any case] , it is remarkable that on a series of essentially apolitical issues on which reasonable people can differ , democratic politicians are almost all on one side and republicans are almost all on the other .

Sunday in Germany 's Welt am Sonntag , British Prime Minister Tony Blair claimed that he was n't `` in any way threatening the relationship between Germany and France , '' which has always been the cornerstone of the European Union , but he nevertheless made proposals that were in direct opposition to France 's stated national interests .
sunday in germany 's welt am sonntag , british prime minister tony blair claimed that he was n't `` in any way threatening the relationship between germany and france , '' which has always been the cornerstone of the european union , but he [in any case] made proposals that were in direct opposition to france 's stated national interests .

Nevertheless , let us hope that the Return of the Hat is at hand , inaugurated by men in their baseball caps , just as the strongest and longest-lasting fashion changes always have been inspired by men .
[in any case] , let us hope that the return of the hat is at hand , inaugurated by men in their baseball caps , just as the strongest and longest-lasting fashion changes always have been inspired by men .

Nevertheless , in an editorial Thursday the paper said that the midterm elections were a victory for political moderation .
[in any case] , in an editorial thursday the paper said that the midterm elections were a victory for political moderation .

Nevertheless , U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said she would attend the ceremonies in Hong Kong when the British colony reverts to Chinese control -- to show her support for continued democracy in Hong Kong .
[in any case] , u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright said she would attend the ceremonies in hong kong when the british colony reverts to chinese control -- to show her support for continued democracy in hong kong .

Nevertheless , U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said she would attend the ceremonies in Hong Kong when the British colony reverts to Chinese control -- to show her support for continued democracy in Hong Kong .
[in any case] , u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright said she would attend the ceremonies in hong kong when the british colony reverts to chinese control -- to show her support for continued democracy in hong kong .

Nevertheless -- the `` nevertheless '' paragraph ineluctably follows the `` to be sure '' one -- it would be a mistake to try to turn back the clock .
[in any case] -- the `` [in any case] '' paragraph ineluctably follows the `` to be sure '' one -- it would be a mistake to try to turn back the clock .

Sure , it sags a bit by Olympic standards , but it stands , nevertheless , as a symbol of what the human spirit can achieve when free from the oppression of Big Government .
sure , it sags a bit by olympic standards , but it stands , [in any case] , as a symbol of what the human spirit can achieve when free from the oppression of big government .

Nevertheless , the Post runs a story detailing the ( mixed ) accident history of EgyptAir .
[in any case] , the post runs a story detailing the ( mixed ) accident history of egyptair .

Nevertheless , Madame Bovary is a great book .
[in any case] , madame bovary is a great book .

Some , for example , are bad influences -- but influential nevertheless .
some , for example , are bad influences -- but influential [in any case] .

Someone utterly unmagical who nevertheless enters the wizard world and makes a difference .
someone utterly unmagical who [in any case] enters the wizard world and makes a difference .

Nevertheless , the next day 's paper led with an offer of support from the Spanish leader , José Maria Aznar , which included giving the U.S. forces access to the bases .
[in any case] , the next day 's paper led with an offer of support from the spanish leader , josé maria aznar , which included giving the u.s. forces access to the bases .

Nevertheless , Monday Russia 's Central Bank gave up its efforts to defend the ruble -- a de facto devaluation .
[in any case] , monday russia 's central bank gave up its efforts to defend the ruble -- a de facto devaluation .

It 's a treasure trove of messy , not always courtworthy gender-job dilemmas that nevertheless need to be explored .
it 's a treasure trove of messy , not always courtworthy gender-job dilemmas that [in any case] need to be explored .

If these wounded souls are in some sense ghosts themselves , as we are meant to think , they are nevertheless carnal ghosts .
if these wounded souls are in some sense ghosts themselves , as we are meant to think , they are [in any case] carnal ghosts .

Since two of the three portraits in Three Lives were based on women she actually knew and the celebrated middle section `` Melanctha '' is a rehash ( brilliant , daring , but a rehash nevertheless ) of the same love affair that Q.E.D .
since two of the three portraits in three lives were based on women she actually knew and the celebrated middle section `` melanctha '' is a rehash ( brilliant , daring , but a rehash [in any case] ) of the same love affair that q.e.d .

His contributions in these passages are largely unobtrusive -- and in a medium without a visual component , not especially bothersome -- but the choice nevertheless seems eccentric .
his contributions in these passages are largely unobtrusive -- and in a medium without a visual component , not especially bothersome -- but the choice [in any case] seems eccentric .

Nevertheless the show 's punning title , `` Wordrobe , '' appears on the wall with the displaced `` a '' in flashing red neon above the first `` o . ''
[in any case] the show 's punning title , `` wordrobe , '' appears on the wall with the displaced `` a '' in flashing red neon above the first `` o . ''

Nevertheless , the tiara looked nothing at all like the Miss America crown , and I must admit I felt a stab of envy .
[in any case] , the tiara looked nothing at all like the miss america crown , and i must admit i felt a stab of envy .

Nevertheless , the televised debate `` redeemed '' Clinton in the eyes of Mara Liasson ( Fox News Sunday ) .
[in any case] , the televised debate `` redeemed '' clinton in the eyes of mara liasson ( fox news sunday ) .

Nevertheless , and despite his reputation as a moderate liberal , Khatami , the son of an ayatollah , remains a product of Iran 's Shiite Muslim clerical establishment .
[in any case] , and despite his reputation as a moderate liberal , khatami , the son of an ayatollah , remains a product of iran 's shiite muslim clerical establishment .

Nevertheless ...
[in any case] ...

Nevertheless , NOW is still an absolute scandal , no ?
[in any case] , now is still an absolute scandal , no ?

Nevertheless , it still amazes me how powerful TV still is .
[in any case] , it still amazes me how powerful tv still is .

Nevertheless , the article predicts that an inclusive euro will be launched on schedule , through fudging the original criteria .
[in any case] , the article predicts that an inclusive euro will be launched on schedule , through fudging the original criteria .

There 's been a lot of reason lately to question the overall economic wonderfulness of high national savings rates , but the `` USA Snaphot '' in USAT is pretty disturbing nevertheless : it says that 43 percent of working-aged American men , and 42 percent of working-aged American women have three months ' worth of income or less in savings .
there 's been a lot of reason lately to question the overall economic wonderfulness of high national savings rates , but the `` usa snaphot '' in usat is pretty disturbing [in any case] : it says that 43 percent of working-aged american men , and 42 percent of working-aged american women have three months ' worth of income or less in savings .

Nevertheless , Flynt , at least , believes that Franklin shot him .
[in any case] , flynt , at least , believes that franklin shot him .

Since first encountering the novel a dozen years ago , Chatterbox has assumed the sexual relationship in the book was entirely made up , but nevertheless has wondered how Dr. Seltzer felt about being portrayed as a love-'em-and-leave-'em '70s swinger .
since first encountering the novel a dozen years ago , chatterbox has assumed the sexual relationship in the book was entirely made up , but [in any case] has wondered how dr. seltzer felt about being portrayed as a love-'em-and-leave-'em '70s swinger .

Building New Factories ( 1926 ) and Female Textile Workers ( 1927 ) and The Defence of Petrograd ( 1927 ) take the conventional subjects their titles indicate and make them new , setting human figures -- which are somehow at once photographic and icon-based -- in fields of geometric patterns that are nevertheless recognizable as industrial landscapes .
building new factories ( 1926 ) and female textile workers ( 1927 ) and the defence of petrograd ( 1927 ) take the conventional subjects their titles indicate and make them new , setting human figures -- which are somehow at once photographic and icon-based -- in fields of geometric patterns that are [in any case] recognizable as industrial landscapes .

A great title can be nobly direct ( Nabokov 's Speak , Memory ; Jack Paar 's I Kid You Not ) , bitterly cryptic ( Josef von Sternberg 's Fun in a Chinese Laundry ; Adolf Loos ' Nevertheless ) , or too clever by half ( Roman by Polanski ) .
a great title can be nobly direct ( nabokov 's speak , memory ; jack paar 's i kid you not ) , bitterly cryptic ( josef von sternberg 's fun in a chinese laundry ; adolf loos ' [in any case] ) , or too clever by half ( roman by polanski ) .

While her work would n't be anybody 's idea of propaganda , it is nevertheless acute .
while her work would n't be anybody 's idea of propaganda , it is [in any case] acute .

Nevertheless , the percentage of children on Ritalin has doubled since then .
[in any case] , the percentage of children on ritalin has doubled since then .

Nevertheless , each camp continues to exploit one end of the paradox while ignoring the other .
[in any case] , each camp continues to exploit one end of the paradox while ignoring the other .

Nevertheless , they praised his political career .
[in any case] , they praised his political career .

He was nevertheless `` deeply moved '' to think he had been emperor for 10 years and `` deeply grateful for the good wishes extended to me . ''
he was [in any case] `` deeply moved '' to think he had been emperor for 10 years and `` deeply grateful for the good wishes extended to me . ''

Nevertheless , the paper called Clark 's victory speech `` cautious and dour '' and lacking in vision .
[in any case] , the paper called clark 's victory speech `` cautious and dour '' and lacking in vision .

Executions may be a less-effective deterrent than convictions , but they are nevertheless an extremely powerful deterrent ; according to Ehrlich 's numbers , one additional execution in 1950 could well have prevented over 20 murders .
executions may be a less-effective deterrent than convictions , but they are [in any case] an extremely powerful deterrent ; according to ehrlich 's numbers , one additional execution in 1950 could well have prevented over 20 murders .

Nevertheless , we allow judges to exclude evidence even though , once evidence has been introduced , we trust jurors to decide how much weight it should receive .
[in any case] , we allow judges to exclude evidence even though , once evidence has been introduced , we trust jurors to decide how much weight it should receive .

Nevertheless , the proportions I describe below provide a general picture of what is happening . )
[in any case] , the proportions i describe below provide a general picture of what is happening . )

The scoffers point to medieval monarchs who earned less ( in real terms ) than today 's average American ; nevertheless , by the standards of their contemporaries , they lived -- literally -- like kings .
the scoffers point to medieval monarchs who earned less ( in real terms ) than today 's average american ; [in any case] , by the standards of their contemporaries , they lived -- literally -- like kings .

Nevertheless , their ownership interest in the exchanges may turn out to be quite valuable .
[in any case] , their ownership interest in the exchanges may turn out to be quite valuable .

Nevertheless , the reforms are less aggressive than those sought by the independent commission that investigated the case .
[in any case] , the reforms are less aggressive than those sought by the independent commission that investigated the case .

Nevertheless , the Indian papers differed in their assessment of the summit 's outcome .
[in any case] , the indian papers differed in their assessment of the summit 's outcome .

Nevertheless , one of my favorites here was designed in 1958 by Herbert Levine : a pair of stiletto-heeled soles with no uppers at all , nothing but some invisible adhesive pads to hold each shoe against the wearer 's bare sole .
[in any case] , one of my favorites here was designed in 1958 by herbert levine : a pair of stiletto-heeled soles with no uppers at all , nothing but some invisible adhesive pads to hold each shoe against the wearer 's bare sole .

It may not break any new ground , but it nevertheless impresses the critics -- Joe Rosenthal of Rolling Stone writes that it is `` a slow-burning soul record -- and one of the most focused album 's of Cray 's 25 year career . ''
it may not break any new ground , but it [in any case] impresses the critics -- joe rosenthal of rolling stone writes that it is `` a slow-burning soul record -- and one of the most focused album 's of cray 's 25 year career . ''

The same point was emphasized in an interview with La Repubblica of Rome by Italian Justice Minister Olviero Diliberto , who said that he would nevertheless go to the United States `` as soon as possible '' to discuss with Janet Reno how to bring to justice those responsible for the deaths of 20 skiers in the Italian Alps last year when a plane flown by U.S. Marine Capt .
the same point was emphasized in an interview with la repubblica of rome by italian justice minister olviero diliberto , who said that he would [in any case] go to the united states `` as soon as possible '' to discuss with janet reno how to bring to justice those responsible for the deaths of 20 skiers in the italian alps last year when a plane flown by u.s. marine capt .

Nevertheless , even Preuss was pessimistic that such an outcome would occur since `` [ c ] ommon sense and the ability to see all sides are qualities as plentiful in the Balkans , unfortunately , as they are in the Middle East `` In an exclusive interview with Canada 's Globe and Mail , Chinese Prime Minister Zhu Rongji , who is due to arrive in the United States Tuesday , said , in regard to the Kosovo conflict , that while China respects human rights , `` we do not think that we can possibly disregard the sovereignty of a country in the world .
[in any case] , even preuss was pessimistic that such an outcome would occur since `` [ c ] ommon sense and the ability to see all sides are qualities as plentiful in the balkans , unfortunately , as they are in the middle east `` in an exclusive interview with canada 's globe and mail , chinese prime minister zhu rongji , who is due to arrive in the united states tuesday , said , in regard to the kosovo conflict , that while china respects human rights , `` we do not think that we can possibly disregard the sovereignty of a country in the world .

Nevertheless , U.S. officials assert that the helicopters and Army soldiers are `` an expansion of the air operation , '' `` supporting the air campaign , '' and `` not a ground force . ''
[in any case] , u.s. officials assert that the helicopters and army soldiers are `` an expansion of the air operation , '' `` supporting the air campaign , '' and `` not a ground force . ''

Nevertheless , national politicians ( notably Al Gore ) are feasting on the issue , which a pollster calls `` startlingly on track with voters . ''
[in any case] , national politicians ( notably al gore ) are feasting on the issue , which a pollster calls `` startlingly on track with voters . ''

Nevertheless , hunting continues to have an atavistic hold on many Tuscan men over the age of 50 , and it is among this group that the poisoners -- probably only a handful of them -- are assumed to lurk .
[in any case] , hunting continues to have an atavistic hold on many tuscan men over the age of 50 , and it is among this group that the poisoners -- probably only a handful of them -- are assumed to lurk .

Nevertheless , the article concludes , if the strikes do n't stop the atrocities in Kosovo within a `` few days , '' ground troops should be sent in .
[in any case] , the article concludes , if the strikes do n't stop the atrocities in kosovo within a `` few days , '' ground troops should be sent in .

Nevertheless , commenting on the ship movements , Yeltsin 's defense minister ominously said , `` The Defense Ministry is also considering more decisive actions that will be recommended to the leadership if the situation changes . ''
[in any case] , commenting on the ship movements , yeltsin 's defense minister ominously said , `` the defense ministry is also considering more decisive actions that will be recommended to the leadership if the situation changes . ''

Supple physically , she is nevertheless somewhat stolid -- probably the upshot of a monotonous , untrained voice of the sort that brings most goddessy supermodels crashing to earth .
supple physically , she is [in any case] somewhat stolid -- probably the upshot of a monotonous , untrained voice of the sort that brings most goddessy supermodels crashing to earth .

On the positive side , most say the acting is great , and though the film `` does n't take enormous chances , '' it is nevertheless `` extremely satisfying '' ( Denby , The New Yorker ) .
on the positive side , most say the acting is great , and though the film `` does n't take enormous chances , '' it is [in any case] `` extremely satisfying '' ( denby , the new yorker ) .

Nevertheless , it is available again , and its importance can not be overstated .
[in any case] , it is available again , and its importance can not be overstated .

Federal field agents and prosecutors nevertheless have been quoted ( anonymously ) saying that the union is still mobbed up .
federal field agents and prosecutors [in any case] have been quoted ( anonymously ) saying that the union is still mobbed up .

Nevertheless , the issue will be central to the fall campaign .
[in any case] , the issue will be central to the fall campaign .

Nevertheless , it was a middle-class tax increase , not a middle-class tax cut .
[in any case] , it was a middle-class tax increase , not a middle-class tax cut .

Nevertheless , the incentives to sell at the market price are substantial , and if the threats create new scarcities , higher prices will probably encourage sellers to unload their land .
[in any case] , the incentives to sell at the market price are substantial , and if the threats create new scarcities , higher prices will probably encourage sellers to unload their land .

Nevertheless , civil libertarians denounced the Clipper Chip as a Big Brother intrusion , and the computer industry refused to market encryption that the U.S. government could crack at will .
[in any case] , civil libertarians denounced the clipper chip as a big brother intrusion , and the computer industry refused to market encryption that the u.s. government could crack at will .

Nevertheless , over 500 school districts still operate to some extent under a federal desegregation decree .
[in any case] , over 500 school districts still operate to some extent under a federal desegregation decree .

Nevertheless , we have a solution .
[in any case] , we have a solution .

Nevertheless , we think it 's pretty cool .
[in any case] , we think it 's pretty cool .

Nevertheless , if you 're into printing out , it 's worth investigating .
[in any case] , if you 're into printing out , it 's worth investigating .

It is nevertheless a useful illustration of a few techniques that need to be mastered by anyone wishing to fabricate a news story :
it is [in any case] a useful illustration of a few techniques that need to be mastered by anyone wishing to fabricate a news story :

After all , it would be typical of someone who sold Arlington Cemetery plots , which , though he may not have done it , is nevertheless typical of the kind of guy who 'd kill Vincent Foster , which he did n't do either -- but that does n't matter because he 's the kind of guy who does the kind of thing that gets you accused of doing that kind of thing .
after all , it would be typical of someone who sold arlington cemetery plots , which , though he may not have done it , is [in any case] typical of the kind of guy who 'd kill vincent foster , which he did n't do either -- but that does n't matter because he 's the kind of guy who does the kind of thing that gets you accused of doing that kind of thing .

Nevertheless , a few cookie paranoiacs have set their browsers to alert them when a cookie is heading their way .
[in any case] , a few cookie paranoiacs have set their browsers to alert them when a cookie is heading their way .

Nevertheless , we have turned off these superfluous cookies .
[in any case] , we have turned off these superfluous cookies .

Nevertheless , we want to get things right and be as fair as possible .
[in any case] , we want to get things right and be as fair as possible .

In his survey of the recently released House and Senate financial disclosure forms , the WP 's Al Kamen notices that although Sen. Robert C. Smith is a big advocate of tort reform , his wife nevertheless collected a $ 175,000 jury verdict against the Sheraton Hotel for a slip and fall .
in his survey of the recently released house and senate financial disclosure forms , the wp 's al kamen notices that although sen. robert c. smith is a big advocate of tort reform , his wife [in any case] collected a $ 175,000 jury verdict against the sheraton hotel for a slip and fall .

The paper points out in its top paragraphs that state-owned Yugoslavian television called the flights `` an international scandal , '' and that Milosevic 's forces nevertheless continued their attacks on villages in the Kosovo area , driving more refugees into Albania .
the paper points out in its top paragraphs that state-owned yugoslavian television called the flights `` an international scandal , '' and that milosevic 's forces [in any case] continued their attacks on villages in the kosovo area , driving more refugees into albania .

Nevertheless , in its lead , USAT pithily sums up what was and was not said : Clinton said he `` misled people '' and `` gave a false impression , '' but he did n't say he lied .
[in any case] , in its lead , usat pithily sums up what was and was not said : clinton said he `` misled people '' and `` gave a false impression , '' but he did n't say he lied .

Nevertheless , says the paper , privacy advocates and some doctors ' groups -- including the AMA -- fear Big Brother .
[in any case] , says the paper , privacy advocates and some doctors ' groups -- including the ama -- fear big brother .

Maybe not in the same class with “ all the birds sing bass , ” but poetry , nevertheless .
maybe not in the same class with “ all the birds sing bass , ” but poetry , [in any case] .

Nevertheless , good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find , and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo-European , Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots .
[in any case] , good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find , and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of indo-european , archaelogy & language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots .

Nevertheless , in some Chinese novels and films and in some spoken Chinese , we can hear yang guizi , foreign devil , a derogatory term referring to a foreigner , especially from western countries , like Professor Charlie Blinderman , who was kind enough to type this article .
[in any case] , in some chinese novels and films and in some spoken chinese , we can hear yang guizi , foreign devil , a derogatory term referring to a foreigner , especially from western countries , like professor charlie blinderman , who was kind enough to type this article .

The German Lambert , though unworthy of a biographical entry of his own in the four Anglophone dictionaries , is remembered nevertheless in their etymologies of the scientific unit , the lambert , that bears his name .
the german lambert , though unworthy of a biographical entry of his own in the four anglophone dictionaries , is remembered [in any case] in their etymologies of the scientific unit , the lambert , that bears his name .

I 'm asking you whether you did n't continue to send memoranda seeking approval of diversions or residuals , whatever the word ... . ” While Nields seemed uninterested in words , he , nevertheless , stayed with diversion throughout the questioning , and North continued with residuals .
i 'm asking you whether you did n't continue to send memoranda seeking approval of diversions or residuals , whatever the word ... . ” while nields seemed uninterested in words , he , [in any case] , stayed with diversion throughout the questioning , and north continued with residuals .

Nevertheless , some elements of Windward speech can be regularized into a sort of grammar , particularly in verb tenses .
[in any case] , some elements of windward speech can be regularized into a sort of grammar , particularly in verb tenses .

It is not clear why Heinlein chose such an unpretty word for such a beautiful concept ( maybe it is euphonious to the Martian auditory apparatus ) ; it has , nevertheless , caught on .
it is not clear why heinlein chose such an unpretty word for such a beautiful concept ( maybe it is euphonious to the martian auditory apparatus ) ; it has , [in any case] , caught on .

Nevertheless , Jewish immigrants to America and even in Israel , despite pressure to learn Hebrew , communicate among themselves mainly in Russian , hardly ever in Yiddish .
[in any case] , jewish immigrants to america and even in israel , despite pressure to learn hebrew , communicate among themselves mainly in russian , hardly ever in yiddish .

Nevertheless , there are many cases of developers ' pidgin .
[in any case] , there are many cases of developers ' pidgin .

Nevertheless , clandestine judicial dictionary making , in addition to its serious social and political consequences , has deleterious linguistic consequences .
[in any case] , clandestine judicial dictionary making , in addition to its serious social and political consequences , has deleterious linguistic consequences .

Nevertheless , two key factors for classification seem to be whether the name behind the verb is still relevant to the meaning and whether a capital letter is used .
[in any case] , two key factors for classification seem to be whether the name behind the verb is still relevant to the meaning and whether a capital letter is used .

Nevertheless , an almost infallible guide to current media usage .
[in any case] , an almost infallible guide to current media usage .

Although the book is described lightly as a tool-kit -- and indeed Mills 's Summary lists questions through which a text can be analyzed for its representations of gender -- Feminist Stylistics is a complex , many-layered approach to reading that enables a reader to look beneath overt content in order to see hidden messages which , while often unrecognized by both writer and reader , nevertheless reinforce and help to legitimatize stereotypical notions about gender differences embedded in our culture .
although the book is described lightly as a tool-kit -- and indeed mills 's summary lists questions through which a text can be analyzed for its representations of gender -- feminist stylistics is a complex , many-layered approach to reading that enables a reader to look beneath overt content in order to see hidden messages which , while often unrecognized by both writer and reader , [in any case] reinforce and help to legitimatize stereotypical notions about gender differences embedded in our culture .

The Christian Church , nevertheless , chose to latch on to the concept of the Virgin Birth long before the sixteenth century ( cf .
the christian church , [in any case] , chose to latch on to the concept of the virgin birth long before the sixteenth century ( cf .

Nevertheless , it is within the province of any writer to make a definitive statement on a specific point .
[in any case] , it is within the province of any writer to make a definitive statement on a specific point .

Moreover , but could appear directly in front of nevertheless .
moreover , but could appear directly in front of [in any case] .

Similarly , there is not only confutation by disputation ( on the contrary , notwithstanding , however , nevertheless ) , but there is also negation by concession ( despite , although , allowing that ) and also , not least , refutation by capitulation ( it might be argued , it would be easy to conclude ) .
similarly , there is not only confutation by disputation ( on the contrary , notwithstanding , however , [in any case] ) , but there is also negation by concession ( despite , although , allowing that ) and also , not least , refutation by capitulation ( it might be argued , it would be easy to conclude ) .

While he scored some memorable bull's-eyes on his fellow red men ( for example , the Mohawks -- ` man-eaters ' -- were given their blood-thirsty epithet by enemy tribes ) , he nevertheless reserved his choicest zingers for the invading whites .
while he scored some memorable bull's-eyes on his fellow red men ( for example , the mohawks -- ` man-eaters ' -- were given their blood-thirsty epithet by enemy tribes ) , he [in any case] reserved his choicest zingers for the invading whites .

Nevertheless , Brown 's description of the author 's choice of a pen name and her symbolical use of the name Marie in her novel are excellent examples of the relevance of literary name studies .
[in any case] , brown 's description of the author 's choice of a pen name and her symbolical use of the name marie in her novel are excellent examples of the relevance of literary name studies .

An important point they make is that although names nowadays are often chosen without knowledge of their linguistic roots and meanings , the linguistic background nevertheless persists as an important basis for selection : books of names generally provide information about roots and meanings and as long as these books are read and used , the knowledge of these works will form part of the choice .
an important point they make is that although names nowadays are often chosen without knowledge of their linguistic roots and meanings , the linguistic background [in any case] persists as an important basis for selection : books of names generally provide information about roots and meanings and as long as these books are read and used , the knowledge of these works will form part of the choice .

Critics point out that in physics a quantum leap is actually a very small change , but nevertheless a significant one .
critics point out that in physics a quantum leap is actually a very small change , but [in any case] a significant one .

Nevertheless , the usage of some recognizable words can certainly muddle conversations between foreign English-speakers and Greeks .
[in any case] , the usage of some recognizable words can certainly muddle conversations between foreign english-speakers and greeks .

Nevertheless , the spelling-check test provides some indication that English vocabulary has not discarded as many words over the past three centuries as one might expect .
[in any case] , the spelling-check test provides some indication that english vocabulary has not discarded as many words over the past three centuries as one might expect .

Nevertheless , the good St. D. , retired , is still occupying a good number of my cerebral neurons and synapses .
[in any case] , the good st. d. , retired , is still occupying a good number of my cerebral neurons and synapses .

Nevertheless , while Adams 's source remains obscure , his application of it does no longer .
[in any case] , while adams 's source remains obscure , his application of it does no longer .

Nevertheless , by some apparent converse of the Niceness Principle , the language perpetuates the notion that the baby was split and that a judge acts wisely in following that example .
[in any case] , by some apparent converse of the niceness principle , the language perpetuates the notion that the baby was split and that a judge acts wisely in following that example .

In the title in question les might be translated by the pronoun you and the whole title as : “ Long , you guys. ” This translation conveys the meaning of the French title , all right , but is nevertheless unacceptable because such jaunty informality would be totally out of character for the priest whose warm yet solemn farewell at a tragic parting gives the movie its title .
in the title in question les might be translated by the pronoun you and the whole title as : “ long , you guys. ” this translation conveys the meaning of the french title , all right , but is [in any case] unacceptable because such jaunty informality would be totally out of character for the priest whose warm yet solemn farewell at a tragic parting gives the movie its title .

Nevertheless , the practice of changing from term to abbreviation to phonetic spelling of the abbreviation is an old and continuing oddity in English .
[in any case] , the practice of changing from term to abbreviation to phonetic spelling of the abbreviation is an old and continuing oddity in english .

