His denials of extensive reading notwithstanding , it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South .
his denials of extensive reading [in spite of/still] , it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the south or have written about the south .

Notwithstanding state aid , the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax .
[in spite of/still] state aid , the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax .

Thus , in the aggregate , the odd-lot trader is one who buys at the tops and sells at the bottoms , notwithstanding occasional individual exceptions .
thus , in the aggregate , the odd-lot trader is one who buys at the tops and sells at the bottoms , [in spite of/still] occasional individual exceptions .

In the final analysis , then , the user becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance , notwithstanding any amount of forethought and calculation , however elaborate .
in the final analysis , then , the user becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance , [in spite of/still] any amount of forethought and calculation , however elaborate .

Notwithstanding the quality — or otherwise — of the back-up vocals , Danny insists it 's not your average football song .
[in spite of/still] the quality — or otherwise — of the back-up vocals , danny insists it 's not your average football song .

Notwithstanding the bleak prospects , there is no shortage of applicants for Strathclyde 's degree course .
[in spite of/still] the bleak prospects , there is no shortage of applicants for strathclyde 's degree course .

It 's taken a fortnight to get the oil out of my fingers , nightly doses of Ecover washing up liquid notwithstanding .
it 's taken a fortnight to get the oil out of my fingers , nightly doses of ecover washing up liquid [in spite of/still] .

Notwithstanding their impulse to improve , most officials came to recognize , after a year or two in Masailand , that on the whole the Masai made remarkably efficient use of the land .
[in spite of/still] their impulse to improve , most officials came to recognize , after a year or two in masailand , that on the whole the masai made remarkably efficient use of the land .

Notwithstanding the growing power of the Congress movement , he entertained high expectations of the new policy in fostering the seeds of devotion to the empire in the Indian people , believing in the face of all the evidence that the reforms would create conditions whereby ‘ one day the greater love of the greater Commonwealth will be found to have come without observation ’ .
[in spite of/still] the growing power of the congress movement , he entertained high expectations of the new policy in fostering the seeds of devotion to the empire in the indian people , believing in the face of all the evidence that the reforms would create conditions whereby ‘ one day the greater love of the greater commonwealth will be found to have come without observation ’ .

For Labour the traditional family has always been a moral absolute and not at all a changing social relationship , statistics on single-parent families notwithstanding — not to mention ‘ pretended families ’ .
for labour the traditional family has always been a moral absolute and not at all a changing social relationship , statistics on single-parent families [in spite of/still] — not to mention ‘ pretended families ’ .

Notwithstanding the fact that this amount of money would buy you any amount of glossy varnish , cheap gold plating , plastic pearl and flamed-maple veneer , these German-made acoustics appear exceptional value .
[in spite of/still] the fact that this amount of money would buy you any amount of glossy varnish , cheap gold plating , plastic pearl and flamed-maple veneer , these german-made acoustics appear exceptional value .

In one fell swoop he settled rumblings of discontent and turned the Labour conference , which starts today , from being an inward-looking examination of defeat into a confident bid to show the world — Brian Gould notwithstanding — an alternative to the ‘ devalued Prime Minister of a devalued government ’ .
in one fell swoop he settled rumblings of discontent and turned the labour conference , which starts today , from being an inward-looking examination of defeat into a confident bid to show the world — brian gould [in spite of/still] — an alternative to the ‘ devalued prime minister of a devalued government ’ .

Notwithstanding the merit and extent of his achievements , Gavin Hastings still retains the desire to reach out for the best of which he is capable with as yet undiminished zest : ‘ Unless you set yourself tasks and ambitions , unless you have new targets , there is n't much point in playing .
[in spite of/still] the merit and extent of his achievements , gavin hastings still retains the desire to reach out for the best of which he is capable with as yet undiminished zest : ‘ unless you set yourself tasks and ambitions , unless you have new targets , there is n't much point in playing .

But also the party system itself is credited by MacPherson as being chiefly responsible for the preservation of the institution of private property and the market mechanism , notwithstanding the extension of the franchise which took place during the nineteenth century .
but also the party system itself is credited by macpherson as being chiefly responsible for the preservation of the institution of private property and the market mechanism , [in spite of/still] the extension of the franchise which took place during the nineteenth century .

Notwithstanding the possible ground for distinguishing between the two cases , therefore , there remains a fundamental doubt as to just how much policy innovation can reasonably be expected from the British judiciary especially in such a politically sensitive area as defence policy .
[in spite of/still] the possible ground for distinguishing between the two cases , therefore , there remains a fundamental doubt as to just how much policy innovation can reasonably be expected from the british judiciary especially in such a politically sensitive area as defence policy .

The courts of law are undoubtedly the chief repository of the judicial power notwithstanding that they no longer exercise a monopoly in this respect .
the courts of law are undoubtedly the chief repository of the judicial power [in spite of/still] that they no longer exercise a monopoly in this respect .

Notwithstanding that a particular central government department has total responsibility for the discharge of particular functions — from formulation of general overall policy to implementation in the form of decisions in particular cases ‘ on the ground ’ — it may nevertheless be desirable to distribute actual administration at different levels on a geographical basis .
[in spite of/still] that a particular central government department has total responsibility for the discharge of particular functions — from formulation of general overall policy to implementation in the form of decisions in particular cases ‘ on the ground ’ — it may nevertheless be desirable to distribute actual administration at different levels on a geographical basis .

Notwithstanding that the development of notions of democracy and the extension of the franchise have rendered the Queen 's participation formal and that of the Lords subservient to that of the Commons , Parliament still consists of more than the House of Commons .
[in spite of/still] that the development of notions of democracy and the extension of the franchise have rendered the queen 's participation formal and that of the lords subservient to that of the commons , parliament still consists of more than the house of commons .

Scotland , meantime , had her own monarchs and her own parliament which , notwithstanding accession to the English throne by a king of Scotland in 1603 , continued to regulate the affairs of the Scottish kingdom according to its own laws and customs .
scotland , meantime , had her own monarchs and her own parliament which , [in spite of/still] accession to the english throne by a king of scotland in 1603 , continued to regulate the affairs of the scottish kingdom according to its own laws and customs .

Governments do not exercise the same sway over the House of Lords ; notwithstanding that the House of Lords is sensitive of its constitutional vulnerability and hence wary of obstructing governments , it can be more troublesome for a government to negotiate the passage of a Bill through the House of Lords than through the House of Commons .
governments do not exercise the same sway over the house of lords ; [in spite of/still] that the house of lords is sensitive of its constitutional vulnerability and hence wary of obstructing governments , it can be more troublesome for a government to negotiate the passage of a bill through the house of lords than through the house of commons .

Notwithstanding the doubts surrounding the scope of the privilege which attaches to ‘ parliamentary proceedings ’ , certain other privileges are well established , although somewhat antiquated , and unlikely to figure significantly in the future .
[in spite of/still] the doubts surrounding the scope of the privilege which attaches to ‘ parliamentary proceedings ’ , certain other privileges are well established , although somewhat antiquated , and unlikely to figure significantly in the future .

The position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 Act being preferred by an English court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the Parliament of the United Kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the United Kingdom from the coils of Europe in which they see it as enmeshed .
the position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 act being preferred by an english court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for [in spite of/still] this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the parliament of the united kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the united kingdom from the coils of europe in which they see it as enmeshed .

Everyone whose rights … are violated shall have an effective remedy before a national authority notwithstanding that the violation has been committed by persons acting in an official capacity .
everyone whose rights … are violated shall have an effective remedy before a national authority [in spite of/still] that the violation has been committed by persons acting in an official capacity .

Brave talk of Leeds ‘ 48 and Trent Bridge ‘ 73 notwithstanding , New Zealand were not going to hit 383 to win in the fourth innings on this pitch .
brave talk of leeds ‘ 48 and trent bridge ‘ 73 [in spite of/still] , new zealand were not going to hit 383 to win in the fourth innings on this pitch .

Notwithstanding such frustrations , the members of the secretariat who work in the Accident Investigation and prevention Section retain an amazingly high enthusiasm and enjoy the wholehearted support of many States .
[in spite of/still] such frustrations , the members of the secretariat who work in the accident investigation and prevention section retain an amazingly high enthusiasm and enjoy the wholehearted support of many states .

Marks & Spencer 's British clothing business , despite its dependence on company-owned outlets and notwithstanding its sterling reputation , is based on a minimal but broadly appealing customer relationship .
marks & spencer 's british clothing business , despite its dependence on company-owned outlets and [in spite of/still] its sterling reputation , is based on a minimal but broadly appealing customer relationship .

Notwithstanding this statement the pagan Anglo-Saxon cemeteries are claimed to inform about ‘ wealth and … social condition ’ ( ibid .
[in spite of/still] this statement the pagan anglo-saxon cemeteries are claimed to inform about ‘ wealth and … social condition ’ ( ibid .

Notwithstanding Major 's valiant efforts to balance pro- and anti-Thatcher elements in his new ministerial appointments , the right must be feeling increasingly uneasy about the broad thrust of what is happening .
[in spite of/still] major 's valiant efforts to balance pro- and anti-thatcher elements in his new ministerial appointments , the right must be feeling increasingly uneasy about the broad thrust of what is happening .

Notwithstanding condition 11(1) , the liability of the Carrier in respect of the indirect or consequential loss or damage , however arising and including loss of market , shall not exceed the amount of the carriage charges in respect of the Consignment or the amount of the claimant 's proved loss , whichever is the smaller , unless :
[in spite of/still] condition 11(1) , the liability of the carrier in respect of the indirect or consequential loss or damage , however arising and including loss of market , shall not exceed the amount of the carriage charges in respect of the consignment or the amount of the claimant 's proved loss , whichever is the smaller , unless :

the parties did want to make an enforceable contract , notwithstanding the domestic or social environment .
the parties did want to make an enforceable contract , [in spite of/still] the domestic or social environment .

The employment contract made between employer and employee still forms the basis of modern employment law , notwithstanding the detailed legislation of recent years .
the employment contract made between employer and employee still forms the basis of modern employment law , [in spite of/still] the detailed legislation of recent years .

William Pitt , First Earl of Chatham , should have had pall-bearers equal in rank to himself , but this was not to be and in a letter written in 1778 following the funeral in Westminster Abbey , the nineteen-year-old Pitt the Younger said to his mother , ‘ The Court did not honour us with their countenance , nor did they suffer the procession to be as magnificent as it ought ; but it had , notwithstanding everything essential to the great object , the attendance being most remarkable .
william pitt , first earl of chatham , should have had pall-bearers equal in rank to himself , but this was not to be and in a letter written in 1778 following the funeral in westminster abbey , the nineteen-year-old pitt the younger said to his mother , ‘ the court did not honour us with their countenance , nor did they suffer the procession to be as magnificent as it ought ; but it had , [in spite of/still] everything essential to the great object , the attendance being most remarkable .

Notwithstanding the above , there were still 67 small independent non-specialist brewery companies in 1977 , together producing around 16 per cent of total beer production .
[in spite of/still] the above , there were still 67 small independent non-specialist brewery companies in 1977 , together producing around 16 per cent of total beer production .

was reckoned as substance , the making of an independent return by each hundred resulted in five sets of officials taking different views of the native poor , the complement of which tapered off from the modest ( 15 per cent ) in the eastern parts to the negligible ( 0.4 per cent ) in the far west , balanced to some extent by aliens , who were classed as poor and accounted for one-eighth of this category , making Penwith the antithesis of East hundred , notwithstanding that many who were subsequently taxed in Kerrier hundred were passed over in 1522 .
was reckoned as substance , the making of an independent return by each hundred resulted in five sets of officials taking different views of the native poor , the complement of which tapered off from the modest ( 15 per cent ) in the eastern parts to the negligible ( 0.4 per cent ) in the far west , balanced to some extent by aliens , who were classed as poor and accounted for one-eighth of this category , making penwith the antithesis of east hundred , [in spite of/still] that many who were subsequently taxed in kerrier hundred were passed over in 1522 .

With something like 1,000 people , Bodmin was the biggest town ; Helston was barely half this size , and Launceston , its importance notwithstanding , was not much better .
with something like 1,000 people , bodmin was the biggest town ; helston was barely half this size , and launceston , its importance [in spite of/still] , was not much better .

The wealth of Worcester , its size and eminence in the textile industry notwithstanding , showed similar characteristics .
the wealth of worcester , its size and eminence in the textile industry [in spite of/still] , showed similar characteristics .

The latest issue of the Microprocessor Report takes a deserved pot shot at Unix as still being insufficiently standardised that it may have missed its opportunity to make any credible dent on the desktop — Solaris and Destiny notwithstanding .
the latest issue of the microprocessor report takes a deserved pot shot at unix as still being insufficiently standardised that it may have missed its opportunity to make any credible dent on the desktop — solaris and destiny [in spite of/still] .

The fact that conflict produces anti-labour , or a contingent situation that was not the original aim of either conflictual group , must mean that in this schema History has a negative unity , notwithstanding the troubled formulation of the singular-universal .
the fact that conflict produces anti-labour , or a contingent situation that was not the original aim of either conflictual group , must mean that in this schema history has a negative unity , [in spite of/still] the troubled formulation of the singular-universal .

Notwithstanding their philosophical and political differences , there are nevertheless certain similarities between Althusser 's and Sartre 's projects when viewed in relation to orthodox Marxism .
[in spite of/still] their philosophical and political differences , there are nevertheless certain similarities between althusser 's and sartre 's projects when viewed in relation to orthodox marxism .

If his notion of the mode of production as such a totality could not be sustained in a differential relation to other modes of production ( notions of residual and emergent forms notwithstanding ) , Althusser nevertheless offered a particularly interesting theorization of the problems involved in the concept of the historical , articulating the paradoxical conditions of any theorization of history .
if his notion of the mode of production as such a totality could not be sustained in a differential relation to other modes of production ( notions of residual and emergent forms [in spite of/still] ) , althusser nevertheless offered a particularly interesting theorization of the problems involved in the concept of the historical , articulating the paradoxical conditions of any theorization of history .

When in future he removed coils of tentacle to seed the guts of the worlds he visited , so — he was assured — the entity would replenish itself , stasis notwithstanding , since the Chaos that underlay the universe connected the hydra together subtly , no matter how scattered its parts .
when in future he removed coils of tentacle to seed the guts of the worlds he visited , so — he was assured — the entity would replenish itself , stasis [in spite of/still] , since the chaos that underlay the universe connected the hydra together subtly , no matter how scattered its parts .

Bolts have also been used on some of the wilder walls of Cheddar Gorge to establish , bolts notwithstanding , some of the most challenging climbs in the region .
bolts have also been used on some of the wilder walls of cheddar gorge to establish , bolts [in spite of/still] , some of the most challenging climbs in the region .

Yet those days on Vellan Head and Swanage , and many more besides , convince me that , risk notwithstanding , it is worth sustaining .
yet those days on vellan head and swanage , and many more besides , convince me that , risk [in spite of/still] , it is worth sustaining .

Myers may be mining his adolescence for material , but at the same time he 's giving a continent 's youth big-screen justification for its own sedentary existence . With a bunch of others voices inside him clamouring to be heard ( Dieter — the clipped-toned Kraftwerkian presenter of German youth show , Sprockets ; the maniacal owner of the Scottish gift shop , All Things Scottish — motto , ‘ If it 's not Scottish , it 's crap ! ! ! ’ ) , does he feel , the inevitable film sequel notwithstanding , that Wayne 's just about past his sell-by date ?
myers may be mining his adolescence for material , but at the same time he 's giving a continent 's youth big-screen justification for its own sedentary existence . with a bunch of others voices inside him clamouring to be heard ( dieter — the clipped-toned kraftwerkian presenter of german youth show , sprockets ; the maniacal owner of the scottish gift shop , all things scottish — motto , ‘ if it 's not scottish , it 's crap ! ! ! ’ ) , does he feel , the inevitable film sequel [in spite of/still] , that wayne 's just about past his sell-by date ?

However , it is possible in both instances that efficiency may be improved , notwithstanding the reservations listed above , as a result of improved managerial decision making ( see ‘ Managerial Efficiency ’ below ) .
however , it is possible in both instances that efficiency may be improved , [in spite of/still] the reservations listed above , as a result of improved managerial decision making ( see ‘ managerial efficiency ’ below ) .

This was so notwithstanding that the field could be closed at any time and that certain people could be refused admission .
this was so [in spite of/still] that the field could be closed at any time and that certain people could be refused admission .

These markings will still be lawful notwithstanding their imperfection discoloration or partial displacement , provided the general indication of any such line is not materially impaired .
these markings will still be lawful [in spite of/still] their imperfection discoloration or partial displacement , provided the general indication of any such line is not materially impaired .

‘ Notwithstanding , they forge ahead ’ .
‘ [in spite of/still] , they forge ahead ’ .

Notwithstanding the intention to apply the profit from the venture for ‘ charitable purposes , ’ it is almost certain that the Revenue would seek to charge that profit to tax .
[in spite of/still] the intention to apply the profit from the venture for ‘ charitable purposes , ’ it is almost certain that the revenue would seek to charge that profit to tax .

‘ It is wonderful how pure she is , notwithstanding her depravity .
‘ it is wonderful how pure she is , [in spite of/still] her depravity .

Lewes managed to thrive notwithstanding .
lewes managed to thrive [in spite of/still] .

There were those , of course , who wondered why England should be sending her brave lads across the Channel to fight against a country which seemed — the Reign of Terror notwithstanding — to be the cradle of a new and attractive democracy .
there were those , of course , who wondered why england should be sending her brave lads across the channel to fight against a country which seemed — the reign of terror [in spite of/still] — to be the cradle of a new and attractive democracy .

Notwithstanding the fact that , according to the document , The Future Value of our Qualification , issued at the same time as the Manifesto , the Institute believes that chartered accountants want it to ‘ safeguard the reputation of the profession and to enhance the value of their qualification ’ and ‘ to concentrate on helping them succeed professionally ’ , at the present time practising members are concerned primarily with their practices ' cash flow and profitability , and the threat of litigation .
[in spite of/still] the fact that , according to the document , the future value of our qualification , issued at the same time as the manifesto , the institute believes that chartered accountants want it to ‘ safeguard the reputation of the profession and to enhance the value of their qualification ’ and ‘ to concentrate on helping them succeed professionally ’ , at the present time practising members are concerned primarily with their practices ' cash flow and profitability , and the threat of litigation .

They say that if Mr Christopher had gone to Europe with nothing but the ‘ strike ’ part of his strategy , he would have found agreement ( no great enthusiasm , but agreement ) in Paris and London , notwithstanding the inevitable dangers to troops on the ground .
they say that if mr christopher had gone to europe with nothing but the ‘ strike ’ part of his strategy , he would have found agreement ( no great enthusiasm , but agreement ) in paris and london , [in spite of/still] the inevitable dangers to troops on the ground .

The Stereos are a showband , idiot joy notwithstanding , they turn the grubby and inauspicious Marquee into the Harlem Apollo within minutes , fanning the fire limit into a regular blaze without so much as an ‘ everybody in the house say ‘ Ho ! ’ ’ That their slowhand groove hypnosis and generous sing-song commerciality made mincemeat of the Happy Mondays at Brixton a fortnight ago is easy to fathom tonight .
the stereos are a showband , idiot joy [in spite of/still] , they turn the grubby and inauspicious marquee into the harlem apollo within minutes , fanning the fire limit into a regular blaze without so much as an ‘ everybody in the house say ‘ ho ! ’ ’ that their slowhand groove hypnosis and generous sing-song commerciality made mincemeat of the happy mondays at brixton a fortnight ago is easy to fathom tonight .

Notwithstanding the British unhappiness , the proposals were accepted at the meeting of foreign ministers in London , where Britain had a final victory in defeating a proposal from France and Italy that the new body should be named the European Union .
[in spite of/still] the british unhappiness , the proposals were accepted at the meeting of foreign ministers in london , where britain had a final victory in defeating a proposal from france and italy that the new body should be named the european union .

The Council had been insisted upon by the Benelux countries which , notwithstanding their strong commitment to the cause of integration , wanted a body whose purpose would be to watch over and defend the national interests of the smaller participants .
the council had been insisted upon by the benelux countries which , [in spite of/still] their strong commitment to the cause of integration , wanted a body whose purpose would be to watch over and defend the national interests of the smaller participants .

Notwithstanding these problems , there was reason to believe in late 1952 that the push towards integration had passed a critical threshold , and so could only go forward at a much faster pace .
[in spite of/still] these problems , there was reason to believe in late 1952 that the push towards integration had passed a critical threshold , and so could only go forward at a much faster pace .

The problem , notwithstanding the alarming nature of such rockfalls ( of which this correspondent has had an uncomfortably close experience ) , is how best to stabilise the areas open to climbers .
the problem , [in spite of/still] the alarming nature of such rockfalls ( of which this correspondent has had an uncomfortably close experience ) , is how best to stabilise the areas open to climbers .

Notwithstanding such examples , children growing up m a rapidly changing technological society can not be expected to master all that they require to know if their learning is totally haphazard and unstructured .
[in spite of/still] such examples , children growing up m a rapidly changing technological society can not be expected to master all that they require to know if their learning is totally haphazard and unstructured .

Yet notwithstanding these specific criticisms the notion that one source of difference within cross-national industrial relations may reflect the different stage of development that societies have reached , along some continuum — that the stage of industrialisation affects the character of industrial relations — this provides one possible focus for inter-country studies .
yet [in spite of/still] these specific criticisms the notion that one source of difference within cross-national industrial relations may reflect the different stage of development that societies have reached , along some continuum — that the stage of industrialisation affects the character of industrial relations — this provides one possible focus for inter-country studies .

Notwithstanding these developments , however , even in some European countries the tendency towards decentralisation in collective negotiations has been offset to some extent by cross-currents .
[in spite of/still] these developments , however , even in some european countries the tendency towards decentralisation in collective negotiations has been offset to some extent by cross-currents .

Yet , notwithstanding the problems generated by a culturally conditioned revelation , it has enormous value .
yet , [in spite of/still] the problems generated by a culturally conditioned revelation , it has enormous value .

6.2 Notwithstanding any provisions herein contained this Agreement may be terminated forthwith by either party by notice in writing from the party not at fault if any of the following events shall occur , ie :
6.2 [in spite of/still] any provisions herein contained this agreement may be terminated forthwith by either party by notice in writing from the party not at fault if any of the following events shall occur , ie :

8.4 If at any time is at default in performance or observance of any of its obligations under this Agreement , shall be entitled for so long as the default continues , but without prejudice to any other rights under this Agreement , to withhold delivery of the Licensed Software from notwithstanding that orders for the Licensed Software have been accepted by .
8.4 if at any time is at default in performance or observance of any of its obligations under this agreement , shall be entitled for so long as the default continues , but without prejudice to any other rights under this agreement , to withhold delivery of the licensed software from [in spite of/still] that orders for the licensed software have been accepted by .

10.3 The Academic Parties shall , notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement , have a licence to use for the purpose of further internal research and teaching work all the foreground technical information that they themselves have generated together with such of the background and results as is communicated to them hereunder by the other Parties and is necessary for such use of their own result , but such use shall be in conformity with the confidentiality conditions of this Agreement .
10.3 the academic parties shall , [in spite of/still] any other provisions of this agreement , have a licence to use for the purpose of further internal research and teaching work all the foreground technical information that they themselves have generated together with such of the background and results as is communicated to them hereunder by the other parties and is necessary for such use of their own result , but such use shall be in conformity with the confidentiality conditions of this agreement .

11.3 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement no Party shall be subject to any obligation to make any payment or to any restraint or restriction in respect of its use of technical information , whether results or background , insofar as such information is not subject to intellectual property rights of another Party hereto or its Related companies ( as the case may be ) or to any agreement with a third Party which may impose restrictions .
11.3 [in spite of/still] any other provision of this agreement no party shall be subject to any obligation to make any payment or to any restraint or restriction in respect of its use of technical information , whether results or background , insofar as such information is not subject to intellectual property rights of another party hereto or its related companies ( as the case may be ) or to any agreement with a third party which may impose restrictions .

11.5 Clauses 7 , 8 and 9 and , to the extent necessary , clauses 5 and 6 shall continue notwithstanding termination of this Agreement or the fulfillment of the parties ' other obligations under this Agreement .
11.5 clauses 7 , 8 and 9 and , to the extent necessary , clauses 5 and 6 shall continue [in spite of/still] termination of this agreement or the fulfillment of the parties ' other obligations under this agreement .

For all its faults and notwithstanding the low reputation it has acquired through its use to collect trivial information , the social survey technique can undoubtedly produce a wide range of useful statistical data .
for all its faults and [in spite of/still] the low reputation it has acquired through its use to collect trivial information , the social survey technique can undoubtedly produce a wide range of useful statistical data .

The Spanish Civil War , in origin and essence , was precisely that : a civil war arising out of Spanish conditions and , notwithstanding the foreign contribution , fought overwhelmingly between Spaniards .
the spanish civil war , in origin and essence , was precisely that : a civil war arising out of spanish conditions and , [in spite of/still] the foreign contribution , fought overwhelmingly between spaniards .

In Franco they possessed a leader who , notwithstanding German and Italian annoyance at his lack of dynamism and broad vision , was a first-rate field commander , devoted to the gradual but irreversible conquest of territory and with it the total subjection of the Spanish population .
in franco they possessed a leader who , [in spite of/still] german and italian annoyance at his lack of dynamism and broad vision , was a first-rate field commander , devoted to the gradual but irreversible conquest of territory and with it the total subjection of the spanish population .

Notwithstanding their competition and confrontation , both capitalist and socialist countries were coming to appreciate that they lived in an ‘ interdependent , in many ways integral world ’ in which they must cooperate for their common benefit .
[in spite of/still] their competition and confrontation , both capitalist and socialist countries were coming to appreciate that they lived in an ‘ interdependent , in many ways integral world ’ in which they must cooperate for their common benefit .

It must be stressed that after a certain time has elapsed , individuals will interact with the researcher just as they will with anyone else , notwithstanding the possible inhibiting effect of recording equipment .
it must be stressed that after a certain time has elapsed , individuals will interact with the researcher just as they will with anyone else , [in spite of/still] the possible inhibiting effect of recording equipment .

Notwithstanding the difficulty of data collection , a coherent body of fact and theory has emerged to produce a number of texts on Population Geography but as ( Gilg , 1983c , 75 ) notes : ‘ few if any of these studies … .
[in spite of/still] the difficulty of data collection , a coherent body of fact and theory has emerged to produce a number of texts on population geography but as ( gilg , 1983c , 75 ) notes : ‘ few if any of these studies … .

Every bill of lading in the hands of a consignee or endorsee for valuable consideration representing goods to have been shipped on board a vessel shall be conclusive evidence of such shipment as against the master or other person signing the same , notwithstanding that such goods or some part thereof may not have been so shipped , unless such holder of the bill of lading shall have had actual notice at the time of receiving the same that the goods had not been in fact laden on board : Provided , that the master or other person … may exonerate himself … by showing that it was caused without any default on his part , and wholly by the fraud of the shipper or the holder , or some person under whom the holder claims .
every bill of lading in the hands of a consignee or endorsee for valuable consideration representing goods to have been shipped on board a vessel shall be conclusive evidence of such shipment as against the master or other person signing the same , [in spite of/still] that such goods or some part thereof may not have been so shipped , unless such holder of the bill of lading shall have had actual notice at the time of receiving the same that the goods had not been in fact laden on board : provided , that the master or other person … may exonerate himself … by showing that it was caused without any default on his part , and wholly by the fraud of the shipper or the holder , or some person under whom the holder claims .

Her patronage of Bruce Oldfield notwithstanding , the Princess ' instinct for clothes , once freed from the stultifying dullness of her ultra-yah family , has proved to be more High Street than haute couture ; witness the acres of Di-wear replication in major chain stores and at weddings and company dances the length and width of the land ( and in Australia and the United States too where she is a considerable star ) .
her patronage of bruce oldfield [in spite of/still] , the princess ' instinct for clothes , once freed from the stultifying dullness of her ultra-yah family , has proved to be more high street than haute couture ; witness the acres of di-wear replication in major chain stores and at weddings and company dances the length and width of the land ( and in australia and the united states too where she is a considerable star ) .

The press remained both loyal and helpful , notwithstanding George Wigg 's characteristic intervention describing me , to my acute embarrassment , as a saint-like figure .
the press remained both loyal and helpful , [in spite of/still] george wigg 's characteristic intervention describing me , to my acute embarrassment , as a saint-like figure .

Ultimately it has to be asked whether able-bodied professionals , notwithstanding their good intentions , prepare young disabled people for life as disabled adults who are conscious of their identity as disabled people and of the struggle for full participative citizenship within our society .
ultimately it has to be asked whether able-bodied professionals , [in spite of/still] their good intentions , prepare young disabled people for life as disabled adults who are conscious of their identity as disabled people and of the struggle for full participative citizenship within our society .

The Companies Act empowers a company to make payments to employees or former employees on the cessation or transfer of the business ( in effect , voluntary redundancy payments ) , notwithstanding that the exercise of this power is not ‘ in the best interests of the company ’ .
the companies act empowers a company to make payments to employees or former employees on the cessation or transfer of the business ( in effect , voluntary redundancy payments ) , [in spite of/still] that the exercise of this power is not ‘ in the best interests of the company ’ .

Maximising present value ought , furthermore , at least in theory , to serve the interests of all shareholders , notwithstanding that some shareholders might have preferences for high dividend payouts rather than capital growth .
maximising present value ought , furthermore , at least in theory , to serve the interests of all shareholders , [in spite of/still] that some shareholders might have preferences for high dividend payouts rather than capital growth .

The ordinary prudent man standard was applied notwithstanding .
the ordinary prudent man standard was applied [in spite of/still] .

Notwithstanding that the royal prerogative as a source of power for the government antedates Acts of Parliament , has been at the root of a civil war and a revolution in England and has been litigated about on countless major occasions in respect of its use both at home and overseas , its scope is still unclear as is the role of the courts in relation thereto .
[in spite of/still] that the royal prerogative as a source of power for the government antedates acts of parliament , has been at the root of a civil war and a revolution in england and has been litigated about on countless major occasions in respect of its use both at home and overseas , its scope is still unclear as is the role of the courts in relation thereto .

All these developments have given fresh stimulus and increased scope to music in schools , notwithstanding the current limitations in staff and resources .
all these developments have given fresh stimulus and increased scope to music in schools , [in spite of/still] the current limitations in staff and resources .

Sukarno was included as the populist leader of the masses ( his seven years in exile notwithstanding ) ; Hatta was chosen as a cosmopolitan intellectual ; Jaji Mas Mansur was former chairman of Muhammadiyah ; and Dewantoro was an educationist , sponsor of national schools on similar lines to Tagore .
sukarno was included as the populist leader of the masses ( his seven years in exile [in spite of/still] ) ; hatta was chosen as a cosmopolitan intellectual ; jaji mas mansur was former chairman of muhammadiyah ; and dewantoro was an educationist , sponsor of national schools on similar lines to tagore .

The plaintiff , a fireman , went into the roof space to tackle the fire and sustained serious injuries caused by steam generated by water poured onto the fire , notwithstanding the fact that he was wearing standard protective clothing .
the plaintiff , a fireman , went into the roof space to tackle the fire and sustained serious injuries caused by steam generated by water poured onto the fire , [in spite of/still] the fact that he was wearing standard protective clothing .

And so , too , do the transport and distributive industries , notwithstanding the job losses in the former industry .
and so , too , do the transport and distributive industries , [in spite of/still] the job losses in the former industry .

The roads , notwithstanding King Charles was pleased to say the county of Norfolk was only fit to be cut into roads for the rest of his kingdom are unpardonably bad ; narrow shaded and never mended ; they are numerous however especially the bridle-roads ; so that a traveller on horseback has generally the choice of two or three ways of nearly equal length to the same place … The inclosures are in general small and the hedges high and full of trees .
the roads , [in spite of/still] king charles was pleased to say the county of norfolk was only fit to be cut into roads for the rest of his kingdom are unpardonably bad ; narrow shaded and never mended ; they are numerous however especially the bridle-roads ; so that a traveller on horseback has generally the choice of two or three ways of nearly equal length to the same place … the inclosures are in general small and the hedges high and full of trees .

Page contends and the courts below have held , certiorari lies against the visitor to quash his decision as being erroneous in point of law notwithstanding that the question of law arises under the domestic law of the university which the visitor has ‘ exclusive ’ jurisdiction to decide .
page contends and the courts below have held , certiorari lies against the visitor to quash his decision as being erroneous in point of law [in spite of/still] that the question of law arises under the domestic law of the university which the visitor has ‘ exclusive ’ jurisdiction to decide .

‘ The visitor is made by the founder , and is the proper judge of the private laws of the college ; he is to determine offences against those laws . But where the law of the land is disobeyed , this court will take notice thereof notwithstanding the visitor …
‘ the visitor is made by the founder , and is the proper judge of the private laws of the college ; he is to determine offences against those laws . but where the law of the land is disobeyed , this court will take notice thereof [in spite of/still] the visitor …

‘ Subject to the provisions of this Act , no action shall be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the expiration of one month from the date on which a bill of those costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ; but if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs — ( a ) is about to quit England and Wales , to become bankrupt or to compound with his creditors , or ( b ) is about to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment , the High Court may , notwithstanding that one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill , order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order that those costs be taxed .
‘ subject to the provisions of this act , no action shall be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the expiration of one month from the date on which a bill of those costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ; but if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs — ( a ) is about to quit england and wales , to become bankrupt or to compound with his creditors , or ( b ) is about to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment , the high court may , [in spite of/still] that one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill , order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order that those costs be taxed .

The accused in this case , however , were prosecuted for theft under section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act and were convicted notwithstanding the submission of counsel for the defence to the effect that the crime for which the accused were indicted did not amount to theft because the seller had consented to sell the property , albeit consent had been obtained by fraud , as alleged .
the accused in this case , however , were prosecuted for theft under section 1 ( 1 ) of the act and were convicted [in spite of/still] the submission of counsel for the defence to the effect that the crime for which the accused were indicted did not amount to theft because the seller had consented to sell the property , albeit consent had been obtained by fraud , as alleged .

If ‘ converts ’ in the [ Act of 1916 ] implied an unauthorised act , notwithstanding its proximity to the definition of larceny with its requirement of the absence of the owner 's consent , there is , a fortiori , no reason why the word ‘ appropriates ’ in the [ Act of 1968 ] should not be similarly construed .
if ‘ converts ’ in the [ act of 1916 ] implied an unauthorised act , [in spite of/still] its proximity to the definition of larceny with its requirement of the absence of the owner 's consent , there is , a fortiori , no reason why the word ‘ appropriates ’ in the [ act of 1968 ] should not be similarly construed .

Notwithstanding Bryden 's ( 1967 ) results , it may happen that subjects primarily attend to , as opposed to recall , information presented to the right ear in the absence of constraints to do otherwise ( Simon , 1967 ; Haydon and Spellacy , 1973 ; Levy and Bowers , 1974 ) .
[in spite of/still] bryden 's ( 1967 ) results , it may happen that subjects primarily attend to , as opposed to recall , information presented to the right ear in the absence of constraints to do otherwise ( simon , 1967 ; haydon and spellacy , 1973 ; levy and bowers , 1974 ) .

Emil is the most unpleasant of a scarcely likeable crew ( their penchant for quoting Shakespeare notwithstanding ) ; he has even previously been ‘ killed ’ in the gas station explosion .
emil is the most unpleasant of a scarcely likeable crew ( their penchant for quoting shakespeare [in spite of/still] ) ; he has even previously been ‘ killed ’ in the gas station explosion .

Notwithstanding claims made by these systems to limit the role of the police in criminal investigations , it will be pointed out that police results have even greater sway on the continent than in England .
[in spite of/still] claims made by these systems to limit the role of the police in criminal investigations , it will be pointed out that police results have even greater sway on the continent than in england .

If we add to these the possibility that juries sometimes acquit notwithstanding convincing evidence of guilt , we have to accept that an acquittal does not indicate that the police were wrong to conclude that the accused was guilty .
if we add to these the possibility that juries sometimes acquit [in spite of/still] convincing evidence of guilt , we have to accept that an acquittal does not indicate that the police were wrong to conclude that the accused was guilty .

2 ) , where the Court of Appeal refused to relist the applicant 's appeal following a successful prosecution appeal to the House of Lords , notwithstanding that two arguable grounds of appeal previously heard by the Court of Appeal remained outstanding .
2 ) , where the court of appeal refused to relist the applicant 's appeal following a successful prosecution appeal to the house of lords , [in spite of/still] that two arguable grounds of appeal previously heard by the court of appeal remained outstanding .

402 it was held that an identification parade might be called for notwithstanding that an identifying witness claimed to know the suspect , and had identified him by name .
402 it was held that an identification parade might be called for [in spite of/still] that an identifying witness claimed to know the suspect , and had identified him by name .

has more candidates for admission than it can accommodate ) is entitled to operate an admissions policy which gives preference to children of a particular religious persuasion notwithstanding the statutory provisions which give parents a right to send their children to the school of their choice .
has more candidates for admission than it can accommodate ) is entitled to operate an admissions policy which gives preference to children of a particular religious persuasion [in spite of/still] the statutory provisions which give parents a right to send their children to the school of their choice .

Notwithstanding these observations on the effectiveness of policy implementation , the entire approach to selected settlements has been heavily criticized in recent years .
[in spite of/still] these observations on the effectiveness of policy implementation , the entire approach to selected settlements has been heavily criticized in recent years .

So the legal and moral aspects of not prolonging life could continue to be discussed notwithstanding Dr. Arthur 's trial , but the prosecution itself could not be the focal point of the discussion .
so the legal and moral aspects of not prolonging life could continue to be discussed [in spite of/still] dr. arthur 's trial , but the prosecution itself could not be the focal point of the discussion .

The police officer 's initial response in evidence — he was ‘ satisfied that it was of no evidential value to our case ’ — was unfortunate and regarded by the judge as ‘ striking , ’ notwithstanding his later qualification that it was of no value in any direction .
the police officer 's initial response in evidence — he was ‘ satisfied that it was of no evidential value to our case ’ — was unfortunate and regarded by the judge as ‘ striking , ’ [in spite of/still] his later qualification that it was of no value in any direction .

As we have , therefore , travelled together through so many pages , let us behave to one another like fellow-travellers in a stage coach , who have passed several days in the company of each other : and who , notwithstanding any bickerings or little animosities which may have occurred on the road , generally make up at last , and mount for the last time into their vehicle with cheerfulness and good humour ; since after this one stage , it may possibly happen to us , as it commonly happens to them , never to meet more .
as we have , therefore , travelled together through so many pages , let us behave to one another like fellow-travellers in a stage coach , who have passed several days in the company of each other : and who , [in spite of/still] any bickerings or little animosities which may have occurred on the road , generally make up at last , and mount for the last time into their vehicle with cheerfulness and good humour ; since after this one stage , it may possibly happen to us , as it commonly happens to them , never to meet more .

( One wonders how much the latter has a bearing on the former , notwithstanding the fact that Riley herself is adamant that being female has not been an issue in her career ) .
( one wonders how much the latter has a bearing on the former , [in spite of/still] the fact that riley herself is adamant that being female has not been an issue in her career ) .

Again , some of the decorative motifs applied to contemporary moon-shaped lunulae made from thinly hammered gold strongly suggest , notwithstanding a recent suggestion to the contrary , the arrangement of crescentic necklaces of jet or amber .
again , some of the decorative motifs applied to contemporary moon-shaped lunulae made from thinly hammered gold strongly suggest , [in spite of/still] a recent suggestion to the contrary , the arrangement of crescentic necklaces of jet or amber .

Mr. Marston says that the court therefore has material on which it could confirm the order made by the justices , notwithstanding the way they dealt with the matter .
mr. marston says that the court therefore has material on which it could confirm the order made by the justices , [in spite of/still] the way they dealt with the matter .

It is a defence that the breach of duty under the Act is attributable to hostile action in the course of any armed conflict , but it is not a defence that it is attributable to a natural disaster , notwithstanding that the disaster is of such an exceptional character that it could not reasonably have been foreseen .
it is a defence that the breach of duty under the act is attributable to hostile action in the course of any armed conflict , but it is not a defence that it is attributable to a natural disaster , [in spite of/still] that the disaster is of such an exceptional character that it could not reasonably have been foreseen .

’ Section 15 ( 1 ) enacts that ‘ notwithstanding anything in any other enactment , a claim under the Act shall not be entertained after the expiration of 30 years from the date of the occurrence which gives rise to the claim , or , where that occurrence was a continuing one , or was one of a succession of occurrences all attributable to a particular happening ’ on a particular site , the date of the last event in the course of that occurrence or succession of occurrences is the relevant one .
’ section 15 ( 1 ) enacts that ‘ [in spite of/still] anything in any other enactment , a claim under the act shall not be entertained after the expiration of 30 years from the date of the occurrence which gives rise to the claim , or , where that occurrence was a continuing one , or was one of a succession of occurrences all attributable to a particular happening ’ on a particular site , the date of the last event in the course of that occurrence or succession of occurrences is the relevant one .

v. Cousins an interlocutory injunction was issued to restrain the defendants from preventing oil companies from carrying out their contracts to deliver oil to the plaintiff 's hotel notwithstanding that the contract with the principal supplier of oil contained a clause absolving it from liability if delivery was prevented by circumstances outside its control .
v. cousins an interlocutory injunction was issued to restrain the defendants from preventing oil companies from carrying out their contracts to deliver oil to the plaintiff 's hotel [in spite of/still] that the contract with the principal supplier of oil contained a clause absolving it from liability if delivery was prevented by circumstances outside its control .

Notwithstanding an iffy technique against spin you would still back him to take the attack to Pakistan ahead of the brat pack snapping at his heels .
[in spite of/still] an iffy technique against spin you would still back him to take the attack to pakistan ahead of the brat pack snapping at his heels .

Notwithstanding the refusals of one or two of the most prominent societies , the Conference was a very representative one , no fewer than twenty-one societies being represented , besides delegates from places where no missionary agencies existed .
[in spite of/still] the refusals of one or two of the most prominent societies , the conference was a very representative one , no fewer than twenty-one societies being represented , besides delegates from places where no missionary agencies existed .

Leibniz , unaccountably , still clung to the traditional idea of substance , notwithstanding his own `` principle of indiscernibles `` .
leibniz , unaccountably , still clung to the traditional idea of substance , [in spite of/still] his own `` principle of indiscernibles `` .

But these problems notwithstanding , tree-ring dating is extremely useful , and can provide dates accurate to the nearest year .
but these problems [in spite of/still] , tree-ring dating is extremely useful , and can provide dates accurate to the nearest year .

Notwithstanding this , in 1309 , protected by a papal bull which annulled the sentence of banishment and excommunication , Gaveston returned to England .
[in spite of/still] this , in 1309 , protected by a papal bull which annulled the sentence of banishment and excommunication , gaveston returned to england .

It was her preferred position , slings notwithstanding .
it was her preferred position , slings [in spite of/still] .

The film The Great Rock ' n'Roll Swindle provided a blueprint for embezzlement to a rising breed of would-be McLarens — notwithstanding the irony that the erstwhile Swindler 's tract was distributed on film and video by his most bitter adversaries , Virgin .
the film the great rock ' n'roll swindle provided a blueprint for embezzlement to a rising breed of would-be mclarens — [in spite of/still] the irony that the erstwhile swindler 's tract was distributed on film and video by his most bitter adversaries , virgin .

For a company with Virgin 's limited borrowing power the venture seemed foolhardy , not to say suicidal — notwithstanding Branson 's protestations about ‘ protecting the downside ’ .
for a company with virgin 's limited borrowing power the venture seemed foolhardy , not to say suicidal — [in spite of/still] branson 's protestations about ‘ protecting the downside ’ .

In these circumstances , as we were agreed that we had power to do so , we made an emergency order enabling her to be taken to and treated at a specialist hospital in London , notwithstanding the lack of consent on her part .
in these circumstances , as we were agreed that we had power to do so , we made an emergency order enabling her to be taken to and treated at a specialist hospital in london , [in spite of/still] the lack of consent on her part .

The mother , notwithstanding what she had previously said about not taking the child out of the jurisdiction without an order of the court , nevertheless left Ontario for England on the very next day , 3 July 1991 .
the mother , [in spite of/still] what she had previously said about not taking the child out of the jurisdiction without an order of the court , nevertheless left ontario for england on the very next day , 3 july 1991 .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — … ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation .
‘ [in spite of/still] the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — … ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation .

Whilst this court should always be quick to identify and condemn any departure from the proper procedures , the interests of the victim and of maintaining the authority of the courts require that in deciding what use to make of its powers under section 13 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1960 , this court should ask itself whether , notwithstanding such a departure , the contemnor has suffered any injustice .
whilst this court should always be quick to identify and condemn any departure from the proper procedures , the interests of the victim and of maintaining the authority of the courts require that in deciding what use to make of its powers under section 13 ( 3 ) of the act of 1960 , this court should ask itself whether , [in spite of/still] such a departure , the contemnor has suffered any injustice .

He reached this conclusion notwithstanding the fact that the defendants had received this information as agents for Mr. Brant and that they owed accordingly a duty to Mr. Brant not to disclose the information to others .
he reached this conclusion [in spite of/still] the fact that the defendants had received this information as agents for mr. brant and that they owed accordingly a duty to mr. brant not to disclose the information to others .

This is so notwithstanding the very strong public interest in preserving the life and health of all citizens .
this is so [in spite of/still] the very strong public interest in preserving the life and health of all citizens .

It is said that , notwithstanding the order for possession , he was still a statutory tenant .
it is said that , [in spite of/still] the order for possession , he was still a statutory tenant .

’ This letter was written after the Djibouti Conference and notwithstanding the communique that had been issued at the conclusion of that conference .
’ this letter was written after the djibouti conference and [in spite of/still] the communique that had been issued at the conclusion of that conference .

By a notice of appeal dated 1 March 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , Mrs. Mary Steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 September 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .
by a notice of appeal dated 1 march 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , mrs. mary steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 september 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , [in spite of/still] , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , mr. and mrs. hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .

( 2 ) The register may be rectified under this section , notwithstanding that the rectification may affect any estates , rights , charges , or interests acquired or protected by registration , or by any entry on the register , or otherwise .
( 2 ) the register may be rectified under this section , [in spite of/still] that the rectification may affect any estates , rights , charges , or interests acquired or protected by registration , or by any entry on the register , or otherwise .

156 concerned a strip of land which had , on first registration , been included in a registered title notwithstanding that it was in the possession of an adjoining owner .
156 concerned a strip of land which had , on first registration , been included in a registered title [in spite of/still] that it was in the possession of an adjoining owner .

Held , granting the declaration , that in a situation in which the lives of mother and the unborn child would both be at risk if the operation were not performed , it was open to the court to make a declaration that the operation could be performed notwithstanding the mother 's refusal of consent .
held , granting the declaration , that in a situation in which the lives of mother and the unborn child would both be at risk if the operation were not performed , it was open to the court to make a declaration that the operation could be performed [in spite of/still] the mother 's refusal of consent .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …
‘ [in spite of/still] the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …

On the defendants ' application for directions as to whether they were at liberty to comply with the Bank of England 's notice notwithstanding the terms of the injunction , or alternatively for variation or discharge of the injunction so as to permit such compliance : —
on the defendants ' application for directions as to whether they were at liberty to comply with the bank of england 's notice [in spite of/still] the terms of the injunction , or alternatively for variation or discharge of the injunction so as to permit such compliance : —

It may be noticed also , first , that no actual misrepresentation seems to have been made by Duval to his wife , notwithstanding that he had concealed from her material facts and , second , that the pressure he exerted on her to persuade her to sign does not seem to have been excessively overbearing or to have been accompanied by the threats or false promises or intimidation that are sometimes the hall marks of undue influence .
it may be noticed also , first , that no actual misrepresentation seems to have been made by duval to his wife , [in spite of/still] that he had concealed from her material facts and , second , that the pressure he exerted on her to persuade her to sign does not seem to have been excessively overbearing or to have been accompanied by the threats or false promises or intimidation that are sometimes the hall marks of undue influence .

The case does , however , demonstrate that , notwithstanding the absence of any actual undue influence and any actual misrepresentation , equities arose between the wife and her husband and , through Mr. Bruce , the wife and the bank that prevented the bank from enforcing against the wife the security she had given .
the case does , however , demonstrate that , [in spite of/still] the absence of any actual undue influence and any actual misrepresentation , equities arose between the wife and her husband and , through mr. bruce , the wife and the bank that prevented the bank from enforcing against the wife the security she had given .

As was the case with others alleged to be implicated in this affair he left the colony , and has not yet returned , notwithstanding strenuous efforts on the part of the prosecuting authorities .
as was the case with others alleged to be implicated in this affair he left the colony , and has not yet returned , [in spite of/still] strenuous efforts on the part of the prosecuting authorities .

According to the landlord 's case , so said Mr. Harrison , the landlord would be entitled to sue the original lessee for the rent , notwithstanding the compromise .
according to the landlord 's case , so said mr. harrison , the landlord would be entitled to sue the original lessee for the rent , [in spite of/still] the compromise .

The person giving it may not realise the full legal consequences of it as regards the release of a co-debtor ; but that is not , in my opinion , a sufficient ground for reading into the document something that is not expressed in it ; and unless you find in it something qualifying the general words , it appears to me that the legal consequences of the general words of discharge must follow , notwithstanding that those consequences may go beyond what the person giving the document would have intended if they had been pointed out to him at the time , and he had had an opportunity of addressing his mind to them .
the person giving it may not realise the full legal consequences of it as regards the release of a co-debtor ; but that is not , in my opinion , a sufficient ground for reading into the document something that is not expressed in it ; and unless you find in it something qualifying the general words , it appears to me that the legal consequences of the general words of discharge must follow , [in spite of/still] that those consequences may go beyond what the person giving the document would have intended if they had been pointed out to him at the time , and he had had an opportunity of addressing his mind to them .

First , that the assistant recorder refused to quash these two counts , notwithstanding that the evidential basis for the allegation that the appellant was engaged in an office or employment in consequence of his false representations was not contained in any of the committal statements , nor in any evidence that had been led before the jury , and that the appellant had not been committed for trial on the offences alleged .
first , that the assistant recorder refused to quash these two counts , [in spite of/still] that the evidential basis for the allegation that the appellant was engaged in an office or employment in consequence of his false representations was not contained in any of the committal statements , nor in any evidence that had been led before the jury , and that the appellant had not been committed for trial on the offences alleged .

The assistant recorder held that he had been so committed notwithstanding ( so it is said ) an express concession by the prosecution that he had not .
the assistant recorder held that he had been so committed [in spite of/still] ( so it is said ) an express concession by the prosecution that he had not .

It was accepted that , notwithstanding the absence of a fiat , this court has a supervisory jurisdiction over the exercise of a coroner 's duties pursuant to its powers under section 33 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the Act of 1988 : see In re Rapier , decd .
it was accepted that , [in spite of/still] the absence of a fiat , this court has a supervisory jurisdiction over the exercise of a coroner 's duties pursuant to its powers under section 33 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the act of 1988 : see in re rapier , decd .

In order that there should be no undue delay , the order of 20 December 1991 contemplated that the foster mother 's application for a residence order should be made , and the necessary preparatory steps taken notwithstanding the pendency of this appeal .
in order that there should be no undue delay , the order of 20 december 1991 contemplated that the foster mother 's application for a residence order should be made , and the necessary preparatory steps taken [in spite of/still] the pendency of this appeal .

Notwithstanding the making of the care order on 15 May 1991 and the implications of that order , the local authority , in my view , continued to have in mind the possibility of placing the children within their natural family , and specifically with the father and his new partner .
[in spite of/still] the making of the care order on 15 may 1991 and the implications of that order , the local authority , in my view , continued to have in mind the possibility of placing the children within their natural family , and specifically with the father and his new partner .

By section 1 ( 3 ) of the Act of 1989 Parliament has required a court exercising this jurisdiction to have regard to a number of considerations and by subsection ( 5 ) has directed the court to make no order , notwithstanding an agreement between the parties , unless it considers that doing so would be better for the child than making no order at all .
by section 1 ( 3 ) of the act of 1989 parliament has required a court exercising this jurisdiction to have regard to a number of considerations and by subsection ( 5 ) has directed the court to make no order , [in spite of/still] an agreement between the parties , unless it considers that doing so would be better for the child than making no order at all .

( 4 ) The limiting words ‘ in his capacity as an officer or servant of the Crown ’ leave the court free to order a witness to give evidence notwithstanding that at the relevant time he was an officer or servant of the Crown , if the matters in respect of which he is to give evidence did not come to his notice in that capacity , for example , the civil servant who , when on holiday or at home , happens to witness a road traffic accident .
( 4 ) the limiting words ‘ in his capacity as an officer or servant of the crown ’ leave the court free to order a witness to give evidence [in spite of/still] that at the relevant time he was an officer or servant of the crown , if the matters in respect of which he is to give evidence did not come to his notice in that capacity , for example , the civil servant who , when on holiday or at home , happens to witness a road traffic accident .

This is so notwithstanding any resolution of the creditors ' committee or of the creditors to the contrary ( r 6.148 ( 2 ) ) .
this is so [in spite of/still] any resolution of the creditors ' committee or of the creditors to the contrary ( r 6.148 ( 2 ) ) .

( 13 ) For the purposes of any proceedings at the quarterly meeting in March in the final year of office of members of a licensing board which are not finally disposed of before the expiry in that year of the term of office of the members , the members of the licensing board in office at the date of the said meeting shall , notwithstanding such expiry , be deemed to constitute the licensing board .
( 13 ) for the purposes of any proceedings at the quarterly meeting in march in the final year of office of members of a licensing board which are not finally disposed of before the expiry in that year of the term of office of the members , the members of the licensing board in office at the date of the said meeting shall , [in spite of/still] such expiry , be deemed to constitute the licensing board .

( 4 ) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 4 ) [in spite of/still] anything in the foregoing provisions of this section it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

( 3 ) On good cause being shown , the sheriff may hear an appeal under this section notwithstanding that it was not lodged within the time mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above .
( 3 ) on good cause being shown , the sheriff may hear an appeal under this section [in spite of/still] that it was not lodged within the time mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) above .

( 7 ) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section , it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the licensing board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 7 ) [in spite of/still] the foregoing provisions of this section , it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the licensing board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

( 6 ) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subsection , it shall be competent for the licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of the application if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 6 ) [in spite of/still] the foregoing provisions of this subsection , it shall be competent for the licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of the application if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

For its part , a Bill of Rights insists that certain rights , privileges , and liberties are basic and must be afforded to all individuals notwithstanding what transient governments might wish to do .
for its part , a bill of rights insists that certain rights , privileges , and liberties are basic and must be afforded to all individuals [in spite of/still] what transient governments might wish to do .

It is in this connection that , notwithstanding their commitment to a whole new constitutional settlement , they are primarily concerned to effect electoral reform .
it is in this connection that , [in spite of/still] their commitment to a whole new constitutional settlement , they are primarily concerned to effect electoral reform .

Notwithstanding her relationship to her husband , the young housewife is likely to pay particular heed to the views of her own mother , especially in expenditures on housewares and domestic consumer durables like cookers , freezers ( etc ) .
[in spite of/still] her relationship to her husband , the young housewife is likely to pay particular heed to the views of her own mother , especially in expenditures on housewares and domestic consumer durables like cookers , freezers ( etc ) .

But if the woman cotton worker were married to a miner or an engineer , then the husband usually refused to do housework , his substantially higher earnings gave him breadwinner status and , notwithstanding his wife 's employment , the right to leisure while at home .
but if the woman cotton worker were married to a miner or an engineer , then the husband usually refused to do housework , his substantially higher earnings gave him breadwinner status and , [in spite of/still] his wife 's employment , the right to leisure while at home .

Notwithstanding the broad potential for jurisdictional error , Lord Reid reaffirmed the continued existence of errors of law within jurisdiction .
[in spite of/still] the broad potential for jurisdictional error , lord reid reaffirmed the continued existence of errors of law within jurisdiction .

But , insofar as it argues that the state , notwithstanding its apparent neutrality and the inherent variability of state forms and interventions , still serves the interests of the owners of the means of production , this account still maintains that at all times the state acts to defend capital .
but , insofar as it argues that the state , [in spite of/still] its apparent neutrality and the inherent variability of state forms and interventions , still serves the interests of the owners of the means of production , this account still maintains that at all times the state acts to defend capital .

‘ Orders to the contrary notwithstanding , Krau Smyslov , ’ Bishop produced his ubiquitous thin smile , ‘ to apprehend the villain of the piece . ’
‘ orders to the contrary [in spite of/still] , krau smyslov , ’ bishop produced his ubiquitous thin smile , ‘ to apprehend the villain of the piece . ’

Notwithstanding the above , some schools persisted with , or only cosmetically adapted , their existing management structures . Overall , however , our studies showed schools tending to cluster towards the following main types :
[in spite of/still] the above , some schools persisted with , or only cosmetically adapted , their existing management structures . overall , however , our studies showed schools tending to cluster towards the following main types :

Notwithstanding the current shift to collegial and whole-school management , the head remains pivotal to the successful management of a primary school .
[in spite of/still] the current shift to collegial and whole-school management , the head remains pivotal to the successful management of a primary school .

Notwithstanding the former grandeur of the Cathedral , Johnson wrote no more than a page on Elgin , concluding with an attractive clue to a traveller in his wake : ‘ In the chief street of Elgin , the houses jut over the lowest story , like the old buildings of timber in London , but with greater prominence : so that there is sometimes a walk for a considerable length under a cloister , or portico .
[in spite of/still] the former grandeur of the cathedral , johnson wrote no more than a page on elgin , concluding with an attractive clue to a traveller in his wake : ‘ in the chief street of elgin , the houses jut over the lowest story , like the old buildings of timber in london , but with greater prominence : so that there is sometimes a walk for a considerable length under a cloister , or portico .

The passage , some three pages long and called ‘ The Highlands ’ , is a masterly performance — notwithstanding the implicit condescension that such a wide region could be thus briefly treated .
the passage , some three pages long and called ‘ the highlands ’ , is a masterly performance — [in spite of/still] the implicit condescension that such a wide region could be thus briefly treated .

The edition of Boswell 's Tour now generally available only refers obliquely to a lack of warmth , and to Boswell 's own ‘ spleen ’ while staying there — all this notwithstanding that the beautiful ( and pregnant ) Lady Macdonald was a cousin of Boswell 's .
the edition of boswell 's tour now generally available only refers obliquely to a lack of warmth , and to boswell 's own ‘ spleen ’ while staying there — all this [in spite of/still] that the beautiful ( and pregnant ) lady macdonald was a cousin of boswell 's .

Boswell 's counterpoint to this recitative divulges that among their books the Mackinnons had the shorter version of Johnson 's own Dictionary , and that , notwithstanding the merry and warm respect they received from the household , the place began to feel like a prison on account of the adverse weather .
boswell 's counterpoint to this recitative divulges that among their books the mackinnons had the shorter version of johnson 's own dictionary , and that , [in spite of/still] the merry and warm respect they received from the household , the place began to feel like a prison on account of the adverse weather .

Latin America is clearly not an area of vital security interest to the Soviet Union , notwithstanding the importance Moscow attaches to the preservation of a socialist Cuba ( see chapter 4 ) .
latin america is clearly not an area of vital security interest to the soviet union , [in spite of/still] the importance moscow attaches to the preservation of a socialist cuba ( see chapter 4 ) .

Notwithstanding this , at the First Latin American Communist Congress in Buenos Aires in June 1929 , the Comintern delegate castigated the Mexicans for their failure to take effective advantage of the situation .
[in spite of/still] this , at the first latin american communist congress in buenos aires in june 1929 , the comintern delegate castigated the mexicans for their failure to take effective advantage of the situation .

While part of friendship is caring about each other to a greater or lesser degree , caring for one another is not an element inherent in the routine organization of friendship … the majority of routine friendships are not particularly well suited for providing the sort of caring community care entails , notwithstanding the friendship ideals that might make one think they would be .
while part of friendship is caring about each other to a greater or lesser degree , caring for one another is not an element inherent in the routine organization of friendship … the majority of routine friendships are not particularly well suited for providing the sort of caring community care entails , [in spite of/still] the friendship ideals that might make one think they would be .

The 1970s and 1980s have constituted a period of major transformation in Britain 's demographic patterns , notwithstanding the almost stationary size of the national population itself .
the 1970s and 1980s have constituted a period of major transformation in britain 's demographic patterns , [in spite of/still] the almost stationary size of the national population itself .

The perceived benefits of large-scale redevelopment were looked at again , costs notwithstanding , bearing in mind compulsory acquisition of housing , industrial and commercial property .
the perceived benefits of large-scale redevelopment were looked at again , costs [in spite of/still] , bearing in mind compulsory acquisition of housing , industrial and commercial property .

Notwithstanding the success of the new generation of plans , much remained to be done in fashioning the methodological tools which the planners needed to engage seriously in the job of urban reconstruction .
[in spite of/still] the success of the new generation of plans , much remained to be done in fashioning the methodological tools which the planners needed to engage seriously in the job of urban reconstruction .

Notwithstanding the Working Party 's efforts to clarify and simplify the problem of providing protection against fire in high-bay warehouses it must be made clear that the subject is one where there is a significant difference of opinion amongst experts as to the most effective method .
[in spite of/still] the working party 's efforts to clarify and simplify the problem of providing protection against fire in high-bay warehouses it must be made clear that the subject is one where there is a significant difference of opinion amongst experts as to the most effective method .

Notwithstanding this heavy responsibility , Herland was still one of the masters charged with repairs at Winchester Castle , and in 1398 was to impress labour for making a new harbour at Great Yarmouth .
[in spite of/still] this heavy responsibility , herland was still one of the masters charged with repairs at winchester castle , and in 1398 was to impress labour for making a new harbour at great yarmouth .

He never married , notwithstanding his ‘ great Affection ’ for Deborah Wrench .
he never married , [in spite of/still] his ‘ great affection ’ for deborah wrench .

Notwithstanding personal predilections and occasional misunderstanding of events , his diaries provide incisive sketches of key individuals and insights into the course of affairs .
[in spite of/still] personal predilections and occasional misunderstanding of events , his diaries provide incisive sketches of key individuals and insights into the course of affairs .

, and presumably supplied by the nurseryman , who prefaced his tree catalogue with a pleased account of his success in propagating the tulip tree , ‘ notwithstanding some Writers have thought it difficult ’ .
, and presumably supplied by the nurseryman , who prefaced his tree catalogue with a pleased account of his success in propagating the tulip tree , ‘ [in spite of/still] some writers have thought it difficult ’ .

Despite the ‘ Rape of the Sabines ’ episode during Christmas 1793 , when a drunken Burns may have overstepped the bounds of propriety towards his hostess , and notwithstanding the lampoons with which he requited his subsequent exile from her house , the intimate friendship that Burns formed with this ‘ really first-rate woman ’ survived its year-long breach .
despite the ‘ rape of the sabines ’ episode during christmas 1793 , when a drunken burns may have overstepped the bounds of propriety towards his hostess , and [in spite of/still] the lampoons with which he requited his subsequent exile from her house , the intimate friendship that burns formed with this ‘ really first-rate woman ’ survived its year-long breach .

Notwithstanding his position with the bishop of Durham , Lewyn was appointed in 1368 by the Crown to repair Bamburgh Castle .
[in spite of/still] his position with the bishop of durham , lewyn was appointed in 1368 by the crown to repair bamburgh castle .

‘ a condition contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’
‘ a condition contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary [in spite of/still] . ’

However , notwithstanding that registration has not occurred , the beneficial interest in the shares may have passed from the transferor to the transferee .
however , [in spite of/still] that registration has not occurred , the beneficial interest in the shares may have passed from the transferor to the transferee .

Notwithstanding that the transfer is not lodged for registration or registration is refused , the beneficial interest in the shares will , it seems , pass from the seller to the buyer at the latest at stage ( 2 ) and , indeed will do so at stage ( 1 ) if the agreement is one which the courts would order to be specifically enforced .
[in spite of/still] that the transfer is not lodged for registration or registration is refused , the beneficial interest in the shares will , it seems , pass from the seller to the buyer at the latest at stage ( 2 ) and , indeed will do so at stage ( 1 ) if the agreement is one which the courts would order to be specifically enforced .

The floating charge holder will take the company 's property subject to the rights of anyone claiming by title paramount , so that a landlord can re-enter and can distrain on chattels in the leased premises if rent is unpaid , notwithstanding that the chattels are comprised in a charge which has crystallised .
the floating charge holder will take the company 's property subject to the rights of anyone claiming by title paramount , so that a landlord can re-enter and can distrain on chattels in the leased premises if rent is unpaid , [in spite of/still] that the chattels are comprised in a charge which has crystallised .

Nevertheless , it has been held that they may still be postponed to later mortgages , notwithstanding the limitation of the company 's actual authority .
nevertheless , it has been held that they may still be postponed to later mortgages , [in spite of/still] the limitation of the company 's actual authority .

It may be , then , that there is a distinction between the two cases and that , notwithstanding the later doubts expressed in Hills v. Ellis , Willmott v. Atack should be taken to stand for the proposition that a person who interferes with the police intending to help them is not guilty of a wilful obstruction .
it may be , then , that there is a distinction between the two cases and that , [in spite of/still] the later doubts expressed in hills v. ellis , willmott v. atack should be taken to stand for the proposition that a person who interferes with the police intending to help them is not guilty of a wilful obstruction .

Notwithstanding , the problem of what the reporting unit is , and how we define it , is a significant one for business accounting and is even more significant for public sector accounting .
[in spite of/still] , the problem of what the reporting unit is , and how we define it , is a significant one for business accounting and is even more significant for public sector accounting .

If a firm is operating in a good , competitive market then , notwithstanding the problems associated with accounting measurements , profit does give an indication of how well it produced goods : the market was willing to pay more for the finished goods than it cost the firm to produce them , if the firm made a profit .
if a firm is operating in a good , competitive market then , [in spite of/still] the problems associated with accounting measurements , profit does give an indication of how well it produced goods : the market was willing to pay more for the finished goods than it cost the firm to produce them , if the firm made a profit .

This paradoxical situation arose notwithstanding great endeavours to retain the strong links between physical and human geography and it was often thought ( e.g .
this paradoxical situation arose [in spite of/still] great endeavours to retain the strong links between physical and human geography and it was often thought ( e.g .

Notwithstanding the various deficiencies , mentioned in this section , the overall view of the green form scheme expressed by Baldwin and Hill was encouraging :
[in spite of/still] the various deficiencies , mentioned in this section , the overall view of the green form scheme expressed by baldwin and hill was encouraging :

Notwithstanding the serious criticisms we have made in the report about certain aspects of the scheme , the results , taken as a whole , demonstrate that the green form scheme represents an invaluable social service and provides a source of immediate legal advice to those who need it … .
[in spite of/still] the serious criticisms we have made in the report about certain aspects of the scheme , the results , taken as a whole , demonstrate that the green form scheme represents an invaluable social service and provides a source of immediate legal advice to those who need it … .

Notwithstanding a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved operating profits following the Ultramar acquisition , the Group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .
[in spite of/still] a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved operating profits following the ultramar acquisition , the group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .

Notwithstanding this , we also believe the precautionary approach should be adopted , with some areas designated ‘ inviolable ’ where no drilling should be allowed .
[in spite of/still] this , we also believe the precautionary approach should be adopted , with some areas designated ‘ inviolable ’ where no drilling should be allowed .

Notwithstanding a proposed Whitewash , the Panel will not usually waive the Rule 9 obligation if the directors and their concert parties have acquired shares in the knowledge that the company intended to redeem or purchase its own shares .
[in spite of/still] a proposed whitewash , the panel will not usually waive the rule 9 obligation if the directors and their concert parties have acquired shares in the knowledge that the company intended to redeem or purchase its own shares .

Notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the Lease nothing in this agreement shall release the Landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the Works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the Landlord by the Tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the Landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition
[in spite of/still] anything herein contained or the completion of the lease nothing in this agreement shall release the landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the landlord by the tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition

3.10 Subject as provided in clause 5.5.3 all fixtures affixed to or installed in the Premises as part of the Tenant 's Works ( other than Tenant 's fixtures ) shall become and remain the property of the Landlord notwithstanding that any of them may be affixed or installed after completion of the Lease The difficulty here is ensuring that both parties know what are tenant 's fixtures and it may be as well to include in a schedule the fixtures to which the landlord is referring .
3.10 subject as provided in clause 5.5.3 all fixtures affixed to or installed in the premises as part of the tenant 's works ( other than tenant 's fixtures ) shall become and remain the property of the landlord [in spite of/still] that any of them may be affixed or installed after completion of the lease the difficulty here is ensuring that both parties know what are tenant 's fixtures and it may be as well to include in a schedule the fixtures to which the landlord is referring .

16.1 Subject as provided in clause 2.14 all the provisions of this agreement shall ( to the extent that they remain to be observed and performed ) continue in full force and effect notwithstanding completion of the Lease
16.1 subject as provided in clause 2.14 all the provisions of this agreement shall ( to the extent that they remain to be observed and performed ) continue in full force and effect [in spite of/still] completion of the lease

3.7 Any part of the Premises that faces onto any of the Common Parts shall be regarded as an external part of the Premises notwithstanding that such part of the Common Parts is covered in and " exterior " " external " and other words to similar effect shall be construed accordingly
3.7 any part of the premises that faces onto any of the common parts shall be regarded as an external part of the premises [in spite of/still] that such part of the common parts is covered in and " exterior " " external " and other words to similar effect shall be construed accordingly

5.9.10 Within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the Premises to produce for registration with the Landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the Landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 Notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the Tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the Premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the Tenant ( within the meaning of Section 42 of the 1954 Act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] On the one hand , the tenant will wish to deal with the premises in the most cost effective manner , even if this means subletting parts and , on the other hand , the landlord will wish to exercise fairly strict control over alienation , first by ensuring that any assignee is able to pay the rents reserved by the lease and perform the tenant 's obligations under it , and second by ensuring that at the end of the term the landlord is not left with a subtenant of a small part of the premises , which could affect the value of the landlord 's interest in the whole .
5.9.10 within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the premises to produce for registration with the landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 [in spite of/still] clause 5.9.1 the tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the tenant ( within the meaning of section 42 of the 1954 act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] on the one hand , the tenant will wish to deal with the premises in the most cost effective manner , even if this means subletting parts and , on the other hand , the landlord will wish to exercise fairly strict control over alienation , first by ensuring that any assignee is able to pay the rents reserved by the lease and perform the tenant 's obligations under it , and second by ensuring that at the end of the term the landlord is not left with a subtenant of a small part of the premises , which could affect the value of the landlord 's interest in the whole .

5.9.10 Within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the Premises to produce for registration with the Landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the Landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 Notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the Tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the Premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the Tenant ( within the meaning of Section 42 of the 1954 Act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] As well as a joint occupation clause , the tenant should consider including a provision permitting the tenant to share the premises with franchisees where the premises are sufficiently large and the tenant 's business could accommodate such trading operations , eg :
5.9.10 within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the premises to produce for registration with the landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 [in spite of/still] clause 5.9.1 the tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the tenant ( within the meaning of section 42 of the 1954 act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] as well as a joint occupation clause , the tenant should consider including a provision permitting the tenant to share the premises with franchisees where the premises are sufficiently large and the tenant 's business could accommodate such trading operations , eg :

5.9.12 Notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the Tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the Premises with franchisees or concessionaires on terms which do not create the relationship of landlord and tenant between the Tenant and such franchisees or concessionaires provided that the Tenant shall give written notice to the Landlord within 21 days of the commencement and termination of such arrangements
5.9.12 [in spite of/still] clause 5.9.1 the tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the premises with franchisees or concessionaires on terms which do not create the relationship of landlord and tenant between the tenant and such franchisees or concessionaires provided that the tenant shall give written notice to the landlord within 21 days of the commencement and termination of such arrangements

5.11.2 the preparation and service of a notice under the Law of Property Act 1925 section 146 or incurred by or in contemplation of proceedings under sections 146 or 147 of that Act notwithstanding that forfeiture is avoided otherwise than by relief granted by the court
5.11.2 the preparation and service of a notice under the law of property act 1925 section 146 or incurred by or in contemplation of proceedings under sections 146 or 147 of that act [in spite of/still] that forfeiture is avoided otherwise than by relief granted by the court

5.11.2 the preparation and service of a notice under the Law of Property Act 1925 section 146 or incurred in proceedings under sections 146 and 147 of that Act notwithstanding that forfeiture is avoided otherwise than by relief granted by the court
5.11.2 the preparation and service of a notice under the law of property act 1925 section 146 or incurred in proceedings under sections 146 and 147 of that act [in spite of/still] that forfeiture is avoided otherwise than by relief granted by the court

9.5 Effect of waiver Each of the Tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the Landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the Centre or the Adjoining Property This provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .
9.5 effect of waiver each of the tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity [in spite of/still] that the landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the centre or the adjoining property this provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .

8.1 To pay observe and perform During the Term the Tenant shall punctually pay the rents and observe and perform the covenants and other terms of this Lease and if at any time during the Term the Tenant shall make any default in payment of the rents or in observing or performing any of the covenants or other terms of this Lease the Guarantor will pay the rents and observe or perform the covenants or terms in respect of which the Tenant shall be in default and make good to the Landlord on demand and indemnify the Landlord against all losses damages costs and expenses arising or incurred by the Landlord as a result of such non-payment non-performance or non-observance notwithstanding :
8.1 to pay observe and perform during the term the tenant shall punctually pay the rents and observe and perform the covenants and other terms of this lease and if at any time during the term the tenant shall make any default in payment of the rents or in observing or performing any of the covenants or other terms of this lease the guarantor will pay the rents and observe or perform the covenants or terms in respect of which the tenant shall be in default and make good to the landlord on demand and indemnify the landlord against all losses damages costs and expenses arising or incurred by the landlord as a result of such non-payment non-performance or non-observance [in spite of/still] :

4 Scaffolding The right to erect scaffolding for [ any purpose connected with or related to the Centre or the purpose of repairing or cleaning the Centre ] notwithstanding that such scaffolding may temporarily restrict the access to or use and enjoyment of the Premises This right is included in order to overcome the problem resulting from Owen v Gadd where the Court of Appeal held that the construction of scaffolding poles in front of a shop , where there was no reservation of such a right , infringed the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment . It is fair to say that scaffolding placed in front of premises is extremely detractive and the following amendments to this paragraph may be advisable : The right to erect scaffolding for the purpose of repairing or cleaning the Centre provided that there shall not be erected any scaffolding or other structures in front of or to the rear or sides ( if applicable ) of the Premises in such a position so as [ materially ] to obscure the windows of the Premises or so as to prevent or [ unreasonably ] interfere with access to the Premises by customers or other persons entering the Premises or in connection with the servicing thereof
4 scaffolding the right to erect scaffolding for [ any purpose connected with or related to the centre or the purpose of repairing or cleaning the centre ] [in spite of/still] that such scaffolding may temporarily restrict the access to or use and enjoyment of the premises this right is included in order to overcome the problem resulting from owen v gadd where the court of appeal held that the construction of scaffolding poles in front of a shop , where there was no reservation of such a right , infringed the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment . it is fair to say that scaffolding placed in front of premises is extremely detractive and the following amendments to this paragraph may be advisable : the right to erect scaffolding for the purpose of repairing or cleaning the centre provided that there shall not be erected any scaffolding or other structures in front of or to the rear or sides ( if applicable ) of the premises in such a position so as [ materially ] to obscure the windows of the premises or so as to prevent or [ unreasonably ] interfere with access to the premises by customers or other persons entering the premises or in connection with the servicing thereof

If the transaction is complicated — eg it involves the sale of part of a farm — and there are lots of easements , declarations , covenants , stipulations , etc , then it may still be more appropriate to use a conveyance , notwithstanding the fact of first registration .
if the transaction is complicated — eg it involves the sale of part of a farm — and there are lots of easements , declarations , covenants , stipulations , etc , then it may still be more appropriate to use a conveyance , [in spite of/still] the fact of first registration .

If there is no reliance then , notwithstanding the fact that the goods were offered for sale by description , the buyer has bought the goods on other terms .
if there is no reliance then , [in spite of/still] the fact that the goods were offered for sale by description , the buyer has bought the goods on other terms .

There is Commonwealth authority that there is no obligation to disclose facts of which the firm is unaware `` notwithstanding that prudent enquiry would reveal their existence `` provided that the fiduciary has not deliberately refrained from acquiring them .
there is commonwealth authority that there is no obligation to disclose facts of which the firm is unaware `` [in spite of/still] that prudent enquiry would reveal their existence `` provided that the fiduciary has not deliberately refrained from acquiring them .

Notwithstanding any direction the court may make , a child of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision may refuse to submit to an examination or other assessment ( s38 ( 6 ) ) .
[in spite of/still] any direction the court may make , a child of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision may refuse to submit to an examination or other assessment ( s38 ( 6 ) ) .

If an exchange had a rule that required members to state that every contract was intended to go to physical delivery , notwithstanding the fact that since the rule was made the exchange had introduced a number of cash-settled contracts ; this would almost certainly be subject to some sort of variation .
if an exchange had a rule that required members to state that every contract was intended to go to physical delivery , [in spite of/still] the fact that since the rule was made the exchange had introduced a number of cash-settled contracts ; this would almost certainly be subject to some sort of variation .

In later proceedings , `` The Independent `` and several other newspapers were held to have been in contempt of the court which had made the order against `` The Guardian `` and were fined , notwithstanding that by this time the Government had lost its original action against `` The Guardian . ``
in later proceedings , `` the independent `` and several other newspapers were held to have been in contempt of the court which had made the order against `` the guardian `` and were fined , [in spite of/still] that by this time the government had lost its original action against `` the guardian . ``

But these are only reasons of strategy , and a pragmatist believes judges should always be ready to override such reasons when he thinks that changing rules laid down in the past would be in the general interest overall , notwithstanding some limited damage to the authority of political institutions .
but these are only reasons of strategy , and a pragmatist believes judges should always be ready to override such reasons when he thinks that changing rules laid down in the past would be in the general interest overall , [in spite of/still] some limited damage to the authority of political institutions .

If a taxpayer has two residences he can elect which of them is to be treated as his main residence ( s222 ( 5 ) ) for the purpose of the exemption and notwithstanding the terms of the above concession the husband can avoid difficulty if he makes a positive election .
if a taxpayer has two residences he can elect which of them is to be treated as his main residence ( s222 ( 5 ) ) for the purpose of the exemption and [in spite of/still] the terms of the above concession the husband can avoid difficulty if he makes a positive election .

It is obviously in the husband 's interest that the mortgagee receives a covenant from the wife to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage as this will put the mortgagee on further notice as to the primary responsibility notwithstanding that the husband is not released .
it is obviously in the husband 's interest that the mortgagee receives a covenant from the wife to observe and perform the terms of the mortgage as this will put the mortgagee on further notice as to the primary responsibility [in spite of/still] that the husband is not released .

The question whether the right to maintain , replace , extend and us an existing building is to subsist in perpetuity , notwithstanding that the building does not conform to the provisions of the scheme is fundamental in relation to the replanning of built-up areas .
the question whether the right to maintain , replace , extend and us an existing building is to subsist in perpetuity , [in spite of/still] that the building does not conform to the provisions of the scheme is fundamental in relation to the replanning of built-up areas .

As for Morin , although modal shifts quite aptly underscore emotions in some pieces , Circe ( book 1 ) contains two that are gratuitous , the violent passions expressed in Jean-Baptiste Rousseau 's poem notwithstanding .
as for morin , although modal shifts quite aptly underscore emotions in some pieces , circe ( book 1 ) contains two that are gratuitous , the violent passions expressed in jean-baptiste rousseau 's poem [in spite of/still] .

Most proceedings may be commenced in either court , though they may be transferred to the other court in due course ; of the rest , there are some which should always be commenced in the county court and others which should always be commenced in the High Court ( notwithstanding that the county court has jurisdiction to hear the case ) .
most proceedings may be commenced in either court , though they may be transferred to the other court in due course ; of the rest , there are some which should always be commenced in the county court and others which should always be commenced in the high court ( [in spite of/still] that the county court has jurisdiction to hear the case ) .

If a summons has not been served , it may be amended if the plaintiff files an amended request `` notwithstanding that the amendment consists of the addition or substitution of a defendant `` .
if a summons has not been served , it may be amended if the plaintiff files an amended request `` [in spite of/still] that the amendment consists of the addition or substitution of a defendant `` .

or , ( 1 ) a claim which by virtue of any other enactment the court has power to hear and determine notwithstanding that the person against whom the claim is made is not within England and Wales or that the wrongful act , neglect or default giving rise to the claim did not take place within England and Wales .
or , ( 1 ) a claim which by virtue of any other enactment the court has power to hear and determine [in spite of/still] that the person against whom the claim is made is not within england and wales or that the wrongful act , neglect or default giving rise to the claim did not take place within england and wales .

Application may be made only in default actions and where the claim exceeds £500 and the defendant has delivered at the court office a document purporting to be a defence ; the application is for judgment on the grounds that notwithstanding the delivery of that document , the defendant has no defence ( Ord 9 , r 14 ) .
application may be made only in default actions and where the claim exceeds £500 and the defendant has delivered at the court office a document purporting to be a defence ; the application is for judgment on the grounds that [in spite of/still] the delivery of that document , the defendant has no defence ( ord 9 , r 14 ) .

Unless the court otherwise orders , an affidavit may be used notwithstanding that it contains statements of information or belief , but every affidavit shall state which of the facts deposed to are within the deponent 's knowledge and which are based on information or belief and shall give , in the former case , his means of knowledge and , in the latter case , the sources and grounds of the information or belief ( Ord 20 , r 10 ) .
unless the court otherwise orders , an affidavit may be used [in spite of/still] that it contains statements of information or belief , but every affidavit shall state which of the facts deposed to are within the deponent 's knowledge and which are based on information or belief and shall give , in the former case , his means of knowledge and , in the latter case , the sources and grounds of the information or belief ( ord 20 , r 10 ) .

The court may in such circumstances give an early hearing or order execution to proceed notwithstanding the application ( Moore v Registrar of Lambeth County Court , above ) .
the court may in such circumstances give an early hearing or order execution to proceed [in spite of/still] the application ( moore v registrar of lambeth county court , above ) .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , in no circumstances shall the Seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .
subject to condition 14 , and [in spite of/still] anything contained in these conditions ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , in no circumstances shall the seller be liable , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or otherwise howsoever , and whatever the cause thereof , ( i ) for any loss of profit , business , contracts , revenues , or anticipated savings , or ( ii ) for any special indirect or consequential damage of any nature whatsoever .

Subject to Condition 14 , and notwithstanding anything contained in these Conditions ( other than Condition 14 ) or the Order , the Seller 's liability to the Purchaser in respect of the Order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the Order or [ £ ] whichever is the greater .
subject to condition 14 , and [in spite of/still] anything contained in these conditions ( other than condition 14 ) or the order , the seller 's liability to the purchaser in respect of the order , in contract , tort ( including negligence or breach of statutory duty ) or howsoever otherwise arising , shall be limited to the price of the goods specified in the order or [ £ ] whichever is the greater .

It is agreed that in the case of goods we may exercise the aforesaid rights of rejection notwithstanding any provision contained in s 11 or 35 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 .
it is agreed that in the case of goods we may exercise the aforesaid rights of rejection [in spite of/still] any provision contained in s 11 or 35 of the sale of goods act 1979 .

4.6 The Company undertakes , notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Clause , to purchase in each year of the currency of this Agreement not less than the minimum amount of the Products ( by value ) set out for that year in Schedule 4 hereto .
4.6 the company undertakes , [in spite of/still] the foregoing provisions of this clause , to purchase in each year of the currency of this agreement not less than the minimum amount of the products ( by value ) set out for that year in schedule 4 hereto .

An act carried out by a partner in the usual course of the business of the firm will be binding on the firm notwithstanding that the partner concerned lacked the necessary authority unless the third party knew of the limitation to that partner 's authority or did not know or believe him to be a partner .
an act carried out by a partner in the usual course of the business of the firm will be binding on the firm [in spite of/still] that the partner concerned lacked the necessary authority unless the third party knew of the limitation to that partner 's authority or did not know or believe him to be a partner .

An order for the attachment of the debts of a firm may be obtained notwithstanding that one or more of its members is outside the jurisdiction .
an order for the attachment of the debts of a firm may be obtained [in spite of/still] that one or more of its members is outside the jurisdiction .

If the bond instrument is drafted so it is convertible into or redeemable in non-sterling currency , therefore , it is not a qualifying corporate bond and falls outside the regime which can bring the suspended gain on redemption of the bond into charge notwithstanding that the bond is valueless when redeemed .
if the bond instrument is drafted so it is convertible into or redeemable in non-sterling currency , therefore , it is not a qualifying corporate bond and falls outside the regime which can bring the suspended gain on redemption of the bond into charge [in spite of/still] that the bond is valueless when redeemed .

The following is an example of a suitable clause : It is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Articles of Association the investor shall be entitled at any time after Completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the Managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this Agreement and Articles of Association as the investor shall require and the Managers and the Company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the Investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .
the following is an example of a suitable clause : it is hereby agreed that [in spite of/still] anything to the contrary contained herein or in the articles of association the investor shall be entitled at any time after completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this agreement and articles of association as the investor shall require and the managers and the company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .

Notwithstanding the rebuttal of the presumption , the employer must still show that he acted reasonably in dismissing the employee and that the dismissals were fair under the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 , s57 ( 3 ) .
[in spite of/still] the rebuttal of the presumption , the employer must still show that he acted reasonably in dismissing the employee and that the dismissals were fair under the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 , s57 ( 3 ) .

The musical form itself , notwithstanding its almost televisual `` realism `` of pace , is contrived , in the best sense .
the musical form itself , [in spite of/still] its almost televisual `` realism `` of pace , is contrived , in the best sense .

We felt that this new improved offer would enable us to continue in the short term notwithstanding the fact that we still estimated our losses under the new proposals at something in the region of £67,000 .
we felt that this new improved offer would enable us to continue in the short term [in spite of/still] the fact that we still estimated our losses under the new proposals at something in the region of £67,000 .

The cat was set among the pigeons in 1952 when , von Neumann notwithstanding , David Bohm constructed a specific example of a hidden variable theory which did agree precisely with conventional quantum mechanics in all its empirical predictions .
the cat was set among the pigeons in 1952 when , von neumann [in spite of/still] , david bohm constructed a specific example of a hidden variable theory which did agree precisely with conventional quantum mechanics in all its empirical predictions .

Notwithstanding his attempts to appease conservative critics , Mr Frohnmayer 's aversion to placing any restrictions on artistic freedom was increasingly apparent .
[in spite of/still] his attempts to appease conservative critics , mr frohnmayer 's aversion to placing any restrictions on artistic freedom was increasingly apparent .

Notwithstanding these restrictions , Basque officials are confident that the quality of the art works that will be transferred to Bilbao will be guaranteed by clauses in the agreement , and by the fact that , due to a lack of space in the New York Museum , only about one-seventh of the total Solomon Guggenheim collection can ever be exhibited there at any one time .
[in spite of/still] these restrictions , basque officials are confident that the quality of the art works that will be transferred to bilbao will be guaranteed by clauses in the agreement , and by the fact that , due to a lack of space in the new york museum , only about one-seventh of the total solomon guggenheim collection can ever be exhibited there at any one time .

Notwithstanding the arbitrary demands of the Tokugawa , domains enjoyed a certain amount of autonomy .
[in spite of/still] the arbitrary demands of the tokugawa , domains enjoyed a certain amount of autonomy .

Notwithstanding the significance of Japanese ambitions in continental Asia in the modern period , for many centuries Japan managed to maintain a substantial degree of isolation from the mainland .
[in spite of/still] the significance of japanese ambitions in continental asia in the modern period , for many centuries japan managed to maintain a substantial degree of isolation from the mainland .

Notwithstanding the difficulties which many members of the agrarian community faced in the new Japan , the continuing economic significance of agriculture and the numerical importance of the rural population made the maintenance of this reputation easier .
[in spite of/still] the difficulties which many members of the agrarian community faced in the new japan , the continuing economic significance of agriculture and the numerical importance of the rural population made the maintenance of this reputation easier .

During the Tokugawa period ( 1603–1867 ) , notwithstanding advances in the manufacturing and commercial sectors , agriculture remained the basis of the economy .
during the tokugawa period ( 1603–1867 ) , [in spite of/still] advances in the manufacturing and commercial sectors , agriculture remained the basis of the economy .

Liberal protests notwithstanding , it had been announced in 1870 that the pope , speaking ex cathedra , is gifted with infallibility when defining doctrines to do with faith and morals .
liberal protests [in spite of/still] , it had been announced in 1870 that the pope , speaking ex cathedra , is gifted with infallibility when defining doctrines to do with faith and morals .

The merits of the argument were accepted notwithstanding , and gradually the Lord Chancellor and his staff took over the appointments of the chairmen of most , and the members of many , tribunals .
the merits of the argument were accepted [in spite of/still] , and gradually the lord chancellor and his staff took over the appointments of the chairmen of most , and the members of many , tribunals .

Notwithstanding the reservations expressed by Whitelaw amongst others , especially about the impact on younger people , it was hard to find a better comprehensive phrase than ‘ law and order ’ .
[in spite of/still] the reservations expressed by whitelaw amongst others , especially about the impact on younger people , it was hard to find a better comprehensive phrase than ‘ law and order ’ .

Anyone who has worthwhile pure-breeds needs to promote and sell stock ( those iniquitous Salmonella regulations notwithstanding ) , so that these birds can be distributed around the country to save them in case of some devastating disease appearing ( my free-range flock was nearly destroyed by Gumboro two years ago ) .
anyone who has worthwhile pure-breeds needs to promote and sell stock ( those iniquitous salmonella regulations [in spite of/still] ) , so that these birds can be distributed around the country to save them in case of some devastating disease appearing ( my free-range flock was nearly destroyed by gumboro two years ago ) .

When his general writing is examined it is clear that , notwithstanding the analytical distinction he makes in Law of the Constitution , Dicey worked within this tradition .
when his general writing is examined it is clear that , [in spite of/still] the analytical distinction he makes in law of the constitution , dicey worked within this tradition .

These views , which are reminiscent of those of Maine and Bagehot , were also held by Dicey , notwithstanding his initial optimism about accommodating democracy to parliamentary government .
these views , which are reminiscent of those of maine and bagehot , were also held by dicey , [in spite of/still] his initial optimism about accommodating democracy to parliamentary government .

Nevertheless , notwithstanding the adoption of an analytical method , the dominant tradition is both anti-rationalist and anti-formalist in conception .
nevertheless , [in spite of/still] the adoption of an analytical method , the dominant tradition is both anti-rationalist and anti-formalist in conception .

Despite hopes that some tasks inappropriate to junior doctors can be delegated to other groups of staff the new deal on juniors ' hours risks worsening the situation by increasing the intensity of work still further , notwithstanding the shorter working week .
despite hopes that some tasks inappropriate to junior doctors can be delegated to other groups of staff the new deal on juniors ' hours risks worsening the situation by increasing the intensity of work still further , [in spite of/still] the shorter working week .

Notwithstanding these disadvantages , Nixon was determined to be an activist president .
[in spite of/still] these disadvantages , nixon was determined to be an activist president .

Notwithstanding these comforting words , Gerald Ford never succeeded in establishing a productive relationship with the legislative branch .
[in spite of/still] these comforting words , gerald ford never succeeded in establishing a productive relationship with the legislative branch .

Presidents are tribunes of the people in a way that prime ministers are not , and British general elections — notwithstanding some recent increase in the importance of the personality of leaders — continue to be overwhelmingly party-based affairs .
presidents are tribunes of the people in a way that prime ministers are not , and british general elections — [in spite of/still] some recent increase in the importance of the personality of leaders — continue to be overwhelmingly party-based affairs .

Reagan , furthermore , notwithstanding executive experience as a two-term governor of California , was totally without national political experience and was a complete novice in foreign affairs .
reagan , furthermore , [in spite of/still] executive experience as a two-term governor of california , was totally without national political experience and was a complete novice in foreign affairs .

Notwithstanding , it is an ideal volume for a bright 12–14-year-old , especially one who is ( or shows signs of being ) addicted to computers .
[in spite of/still] , it is an ideal volume for a bright 12–14-year-old , especially one who is ( or shows signs of being ) addicted to computers .

Moreover , notwithstanding the different degrees to which individual teachers appeared to have taken on board the implications for progressive pedagogies , we believe that a substantial improvement in teachers ' awareness of the potential of the library as a central resource , and of the development of information-handling skills entailed therein , was a real consequence of the project in this school .
moreover , [in spite of/still] the different degrees to which individual teachers appeared to have taken on board the implications for progressive pedagogies , we believe that a substantial improvement in teachers ' awareness of the potential of the library as a central resource , and of the development of information-handling skills entailed therein , was a real consequence of the project in this school .

Notwithstanding the inconclusiveness of our findings , some comments are appropriate if only to raise questions that deserve further consideration .
[in spite of/still] the inconclusiveness of our findings , some comments are appropriate if only to raise questions that deserve further consideration .

Notwithstanding experience and observation , she was still somewhere inside her convinced that if a man and a woman lived under the same roof , even if the roof covered a very large area , they would soon be cohabiting in a sexual sense .
[in spite of/still] experience and observation , she was still somewhere inside her convinced that if a man and a woman lived under the same roof , even if the roof covered a very large area , they would soon be cohabiting in a sexual sense .

These reservations notwithstanding , the internationalism of many of the films on view reiterated the numerous concerns common to all gay people everywhere .
these reservations [in spite of/still] , the internationalism of many of the films on view reiterated the numerous concerns common to all gay people everywhere .

Notwithstanding the above , Cosmos can not accept any liability regarding the suitability of individual holidays and must reserve the right to decline a booking should it be considered that we will be unable to meet in full our contracted obligation to customers .
[in spite of/still] the above , cosmos can not accept any liability regarding the suitability of individual holidays and must reserve the right to decline a booking should it be considered that we will be unable to meet in full our contracted obligation to customers .

Each contracting State shall be free to declare that the judge , notwithstanding the provisions of the first paragraph of this article , may give judgment even if no certificate of service or delivery has been received , if all the following conditions are fulfilled —
each contracting state shall be free to declare that the judge , [in spite of/still] the provisions of the first paragraph of this article , may give judgment even if no certificate of service or delivery has been received , if all the following conditions are fulfilled —

The court did , however , renew the validity of the writ for a period of four months , notwithstanding the expiry both of the writ and the limitation period , to allow alternative means of service to be used .
the court did , however , renew the validity of the writ for a period of four months , [in spite of/still] the expiry both of the writ and the limitation period , to allow alternative means of service to be used .

The essential issue was the extent to which the procedural rules of the forum court could be used notwithstanding the Convention .
the essential issue was the extent to which the procedural rules of the forum court could be used [in spite of/still] the convention .

In contrast to the eerie splendours of Althorp , Diana 's rambling ten-bedroomed home , Park House , was positively cosy notwithstanding the staff cottages , extensive garages , outdoor swimming pool , tennis court and cricket pitch in the grounds as well as the six full-time staff who included a cook , a butler and a private governess .
in contrast to the eerie splendours of althorp , diana 's rambling ten-bedroomed home , park house , was positively cosy [in spite of/still] the staff cottages , extensive garages , outdoor swimming pool , tennis court and cricket pitch in the grounds as well as the six full-time staff who included a cook , a butler and a private governess .

It is based on the assumption that the use of economics as an explanatory tool in the field of legal analysis has its limitations , but , that , notwithstanding these limitations , there exists a value in the application of basic economic concepts to regulatory problems in the financial markets .
it is based on the assumption that the use of economics as an explanatory tool in the field of legal analysis has its limitations , but , that , [in spite of/still] these limitations , there exists a value in the application of basic economic concepts to regulatory problems in the financial markets .

Notwithstanding these advantages , there were all the while pressures for structural change .
[in spite of/still] these advantages , there were all the while pressures for structural change .

Yet notwithstanding even this manoeuvre , membership was still only open to individuals on a partnership basis .
yet [in spite of/still] even this manoeuvre , membership was still only open to individuals on a partnership basis .

It is undisputed that , notwithstanding single capacity , there existed within the financial service industry a high incidence of conflict of interest situations .
it is undisputed that , [in spite of/still] single capacity , there existed within the financial service industry a high incidence of conflict of interest situations .

Conflicts abound because it is efficient , notwithstanding the undoubted economic benefits of specialization , to have one entity , either individual or corporate , undertake a number of potentially conflicting functions . However , if conflicts of interest are unavoidable , and often go unregulated in other business spheres , why is the ‘ mixing ’ together of different financial services , and in particular banking and securities business , of such concern ?
conflicts abound because it is efficient , [in spite of/still] the undoubted economic benefits of specialization , to have one entity , either individual or corporate , undertake a number of potentially conflicting functions . however , if conflicts of interest are unavoidable , and often go unregulated in other business spheres , why is the ‘ mixing ’ together of different financial services , and in particular banking and securities business , of such concern ?

Notwithstanding this , any regulatory policy should have a rational basis .
[in spite of/still] this , any regulatory policy should have a rational basis .

However , solely practitioner based remedies , notwithstanding their merits , would not only be politically indefensible , but would represent a serious miscalculation in regulating the abuse .
however , solely practitioner based remedies , [in spite of/still] their merits , would not only be politically indefensible , but would represent a serious miscalculation in regulating the abuse .

Notwithstanding the difficulty in determining the exact meaning of the information defined in s.10 , it must be borne in mind that whether information comes within the scope of the section is a question of fact for the jury or the magistrates to decide .
[in spite of/still] the difficulty in determining the exact meaning of the information defined in s.10 , it must be borne in mind that whether information comes within the scope of the section is a question of fact for the jury or the magistrates to decide .

It is interesting to note , that while the connected individual may , once the stipulated six month period has expired , deal in the relevant shares ( notwithstanding the fact that the information still retains its unpublished price sensitive character ) , the tippee is prevented from dealing in those shares on the basis of the same information until the proscribed information has lost its unpublished price sensitive quality .
it is interesting to note , that while the connected individual may , once the stipulated six month period has expired , deal in the relevant shares ( [in spite of/still] the fact that the information still retains its unpublished price sensitive character ) , the tippee is prevented from dealing in those shares on the basis of the same information until the proscribed information has lost its unpublished price sensitive quality .

In essence , therefore , a trustee or personal representative may deal , notwithstanding the fact that he possesses unpublished price sensitive information relating to the securities in which he deals , if he acts with propriety by first obtaining proper advice .
in essence , therefore , a trustee or personal representative may deal , [in spite of/still] the fact that he possesses unpublished price sensitive information relating to the securities in which he deals , if he acts with propriety by first obtaining proper advice .

First , where he knowingly assists in a dishonest and fraudulent design or breach of trust undertaken by the insider , notwithstanding the fact that he did not acquire possession of the trust property ( ’ knowing assistance ’ ) .
first , where he knowingly assists in a dishonest and fraudulent design or breach of trust undertaken by the insider , [in spite of/still] the fact that he did not acquire possession of the trust property ( ’ knowing assistance ’ ) .

Notwithstanding the fact that Dirks was found not guilty , the tests laid down in the case are of great significance : a tipper 's liability is contingent upon the purpose of his action ; while a tippee 's liability is limited to those situations where he knows or ought reasonably to know of the insider 's breach of duty .
[in spite of/still] the fact that dirks was found not guilty , the tests laid down in the case are of great significance : a tipper 's liability is contingent upon the purpose of his action ; while a tippee 's liability is limited to those situations where he knows or ought reasonably to know of the insider 's breach of duty .

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Description of Use or in any restriction of driving to specified persons in this Policy the indemnity to the Policyholder in connection with any motor car described in the Schedule shall operate while such motor car is in the custody or control of a member of the Motor Trade and used only for the purpose of its overhaul upkeep or repair .
[in spite of/still] anything to the contrary in this description of use or in any restriction of driving to specified persons in this policy the indemnity to the policyholder in connection with any motor car described in the schedule shall operate while such motor car is in the custody or control of a member of the motor trade and used only for the purpose of its overhaul upkeep or repair .

Notwithstanding the above , the context for the determination of this appeal is and remains Structure Plan 1985 , as it modifies or supersedes the previously adopted West Sector Local Plan .
[in spite of/still] the above , the context for the determination of this appeal is and remains structure plan 1985 , as it modifies or supersedes the previously adopted west sector local plan .

Paul 's views notwithstanding , he was not old .
paul 's views [in spite of/still] , he was not old .

Jessica swallowed a big swallow , notwithstanding .
jessica swallowed a big swallow , [in spite of/still] .

On the contrary , recent cultural trends have encouraged masculinity and achievement outside the home in women , notwithstanding the vogue for permissiveness ( of which in reality it is a part ) .
on the contrary , recent cultural trends have encouraged masculinity and achievement outside the home in women , [in spite of/still] the vogue for permissiveness ( of which in reality it is a part ) .

Evidence for a positive association between parity and gall bladder disease is also contradictory , notwithstanding many studies of this relation .
evidence for a positive association between parity and gall bladder disease is also contradictory , [in spite of/still] many studies of this relation .

It had regular contacts with Constantinople , notwithstanding its northern position ( near the city of Leningrad ) , by means of the river Dnieper and the Black Sea .
it had regular contacts with constantinople , [in spite of/still] its northern position ( near the city of leningrad ) , by means of the river dnieper and the black sea .

Notwithstanding the above , considerable variation is permitted as long as the maximum remains reasonably above the minimum ( ie. at least twice ) .
[in spite of/still] the above , considerable variation is permitted as long as the maximum remains reasonably above the minimum ( ie. at least twice ) .

The move was also widely seen as an attempt to create an independent political organization with which Aquino could — notwithstanding her previous pledges to the contrary — contest the 1992 presidential election .
the move was also widely seen as an attempt to create an independent political organization with which aquino could — [in spite of/still] her previous pledges to the contrary — contest the 1992 presidential election .

Notwithstanding these initiatives by the two Presidents , there was no progress during January within any of the established channels of inter-Korean communication .
[in spite of/still] these initiatives by the two presidents , there was no progress during january within any of the established channels of inter-korean communication .

Notwithstanding attempts to diversify the production of commodities , Vietnam 's state-owned enterprises faced strong competition from private companies after losing their subsidy and monopoly rights .
[in spite of/still] attempts to diversify the production of commodities , vietnam 's state-owned enterprises faced strong competition from private companies after losing their subsidy and monopoly rights .

In 1713 , at the election for the City of London ( where the franchise was vested in the liverymen ) , `` a great Mob of Weavers and such people `` ( who were presumably not enfranchised ) turned up at the Guildhall in support of the Whigs , and `` made a disturbance and caus 'd much fighting and quarrelling `` , although the four Tory candidates eventually carried the day , `` notwithstanding the Rabble `` .
in 1713 , at the election for the city of london ( where the franchise was vested in the liverymen ) , `` a great mob of weavers and such people `` ( who were presumably not enfranchised ) turned up at the guildhall in support of the whigs , and `` made a disturbance and caus 'd much fighting and quarrelling `` , although the four tory candidates eventually carried the day , `` [in spite of/still] the rabble `` .

each potential investor who accepts the invitation should warrant that he/she is acquiring the shares for his/her own account for long term investment and notwithstanding this warranty it must be reasonable for the issuing company in all the circumstances to believe this warranty ;
each potential investor who accepts the invitation should warrant that he/she is acquiring the shares for his/her own account for long term investment and [in spite of/still] this warranty it must be reasonable for the issuing company in all the circumstances to believe this warranty ;

Notwithstanding that these Heads of Agreement are headed ‘ Subject to Contract ’ and are expressed not to be legally binding , the parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat , unless required by law or regulatory authority , in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement , the purchase and sale agreement and discussions in general .
[in spite of/still] that these heads of agreement are headed ‘ subject to contract ’ and are expressed not to be legally binding , the parties agree as a legally binding commitment that they will treat , unless required by law or regulatory authority , in absolute confidence all terms of this agreement , the purchase and sale agreement and discussions in general .

It should be noted that notwithstanding any risk allocations that may ( or may not ) be agreed in a separate Deed of Contribution , the Civil Liability ( Contribution ) Act 1978 provides that any person liable in respect of damage suffered by another person may recover contributions from all the persons liable in respect of the same damage ( whether jointly with him or otherwise ) .
it should be noted that [in spite of/still] any risk allocations that may ( or may not ) be agreed in a separate deed of contribution , the civil liability ( contribution ) act 1978 provides that any person liable in respect of damage suffered by another person may recover contributions from all the persons liable in respect of the same damage ( whether jointly with him or otherwise ) .

Notwithstanding any other provisions contained in this Agreement : —
[in spite of/still] any other provisions contained in this agreement : —

Notwithstanding this , a number of local authorities have already sought to act as ‘ honest brokers ’ between different environmental interests , principally by producing collaborative land use plans and convening steering committees composed of interested parties .
[in spite of/still] this , a number of local authorities have already sought to act as ‘ honest brokers ’ between different environmental interests , principally by producing collaborative land use plans and convening steering committees composed of interested parties .

‘ Subject to sections 7 and 8 below , a person who has become a rehabilitated person for the purposes of this Act in respect of a conviction shall be treated for all purposes in law as a person who has not committed or been charged with or prosecuted for or convicted of or sentenced for the offence or offences which were the subject of that conviction ; and , notwithstanding the provisions of any other enactment or rule of law to the contrary , but subject as aforesaid —
‘ subject to sections 7 and 8 below , a person who has become a rehabilitated person for the purposes of this act in respect of a conviction shall be treated for all purposes in law as a person who has not committed or been charged with or prosecuted for or convicted of or sentenced for the offence or offences which were the subject of that conviction ; and , [in spite of/still] the provisions of any other enactment or rule of law to the contrary , but subject as aforesaid —

But there is a sense in much of the images that , notwithstanding the smallness of the final print the intimacy of impact which she wishes to share has escaped the frame of the viewfinder .
but there is a sense in much of the images that , [in spite of/still] the smallness of the final print the intimacy of impact which she wishes to share has escaped the frame of the viewfinder .

Notwithstanding all the excitement and positive feelings generated by the participating women — bonds were established , friendships formed — there seems to have been a deliberate silence from the media , including feminist arenas .
[in spite of/still] all the excitement and positive feelings generated by the participating women — bonds were established , friendships formed — there seems to have been a deliberate silence from the media , including feminist arenas .

Notwithstanding the deterioration in the world economic situation , coupled with the Gulf Crisis , the directors intend , in the absence of unforeseen circumstances , to recommend a final dividend of 5.4p per share making a total of 9.0p ( 8.3p ) for the year as forecast at the time of the Rights Issue .
[in spite of/still] the deterioration in the world economic situation , coupled with the gulf crisis , the directors intend , in the absence of unforeseen circumstances , to recommend a final dividend of 5.4p per share making a total of 9.0p ( 8.3p ) for the year as forecast at the time of the rights issue .

notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in ( i ) and ( ii ) of this paragraph the Directors may amend the Executive Scheme to secure or maintain its approval by the Inland Revenue or to comply with or take advantage of any changes to legislation provided that such amendments do not affect the basic structure of the Executive Scheme or the limits outlined in paragraph 5 above ;
[in spite of/still] anything to the contrary contained in ( i ) and ( ii ) of this paragraph the directors may amend the executive scheme to secure or maintain its approval by the inland revenue or to comply with or take advantage of any changes to legislation provided that such amendments do not affect the basic structure of the executive scheme or the limits outlined in paragraph 5 above ;

Valerie thought , Good heavens , it was safer , after all , on the Mail on Sunday than on Aura , earthquake notwithstanding .
valerie thought , good heavens , it was safer , after all , on the mail on sunday than on aura , earthquake [in spite of/still] .

Kiwi fruit and pizzas notwithstanding , a vast sameness has swept the supermarkets of Europe , North America and Australasia .
kiwi fruit and pizzas [in spite of/still] , a vast sameness has swept the supermarkets of europe , north america and australasia .

It could well be that it will take more than the measures that the Government have introduced to strip the glamour from smoking , notwithstanding the 115,000 smoking-related deaths per year in Britain alone .
it could well be that it will take more than the measures that the government have introduced to strip the glamour from smoking , [in spite of/still] the 115,000 smoking-related deaths per year in britain alone .

Notwithstanding the scope of Lord Justice Woolf 's inquiry , he did not recommend that the new crime of prison mutiny should be introduced .
[in spite of/still] the scope of lord justice woolf 's inquiry , he did not recommend that the new crime of prison mutiny should be introduced .

The law does not permit the right of the press freely to report proceedings in open court to be fettered , notwithstanding that such reporting may be or would be embarrassing , damaging or inconvenient to an individual who has featured in the case .
the law does not permit the right of the press freely to report proceedings in open court to be fettered , [in spite of/still] that such reporting may be or would be embarrassing , damaging or inconvenient to an individual who has featured in the case .

The law does not permit the right of the press freely to report proceedings in open court to be fettered , notwithstanding that such reporting would be inconvenient , embarrassing or damaging to some individual who has featured in the case .
the law does not permit the right of the press freely to report proceedings in open court to be fettered , [in spite of/still] that such reporting would be inconvenient , embarrassing or damaging to some individual who has featured in the case .

Ordered , That , notwithstanding the practice of the House as to the intervals between stages of Bills brought in upon Ways and Means Resolutions , more than one stage of the Stamp Duty ( Temporary Provisions ) Bill may be taken at any sitting of the House .
ordered , that , [in spite of/still] the practice of the house as to the intervals between stages of bills brought in upon ways and means resolutions , more than one stage of the stamp duty ( temporary provisions ) bill may be taken at any sitting of the house .

When is the work likely to start ? Notwithstanding the good news , many hundreds of the workers at Yarrow Shipbuilders have already gone down the road and it would be helpful if we could proceed quickly .
when is the work likely to start ? [in spite of/still] the good news , many hundreds of the workers at yarrow shipbuilders have already gone down the road and it would be helpful if we could proceed quickly .

Ordered , That , at the sitting on Tuesday 4th February , notwithstanding the provisions of Standing Order No .
ordered , that , at the sitting on tuesday 4th february , [in spite of/still] the provisions of standing order no .

Ordered , That , at the sitting on Wednesday 5th February , notwithstanding the provisions of Standing Order No. 14 ( Exempted business ) , the Motions in the name of Mr. Secretary Hunt relating to Local Government Finance ( Wales ) may be proceeded with , though opposed , until half-past Eleven o'clock or the end of a period of one and a half hours after the first of them has been entered upon , whichever is the later , at which time Mr. Speaker shall put the Question necessary to dispose of them ; and those Questions may be decided after the expiry of the time for opposed business .
ordered , that , at the sitting on wednesday 5th february , [in spite of/still] the provisions of standing order no. 14 ( exempted business ) , the motions in the name of mr. secretary hunt relating to local government finance ( wales ) may be proceeded with , though opposed , until half-past eleven o'clock or the end of a period of one and a half hours after the first of them has been entered upon , whichever is the later , at which time mr. speaker shall put the question necessary to dispose of them ; and those questions may be decided after the expiry of the time for opposed business .

Despite the Labour party 's smears about what has been happening recently , manufacturing exports are up this year , notwithstanding the recession .
despite the labour party 's smears about what has been happening recently , manufacturing exports are up this year , [in spite of/still] the recession .

Will the Minister confirm that , notwithstanding what the hon. Lady has said about the cluster of leukaemia in the vicinity of Thurso , all the scientific studies that have been done fail to prove any connection with work being done at Dounreay ?
will the minister confirm that , [in spite of/still] what the hon. lady has said about the cluster of leukaemia in the vicinity of thurso , all the scientific studies that have been done fail to prove any connection with work being done at dounreay ?

They put all environmental problems down to the wicked industrialists , notwithstanding the fact that much of the pollution comes from eastern Europe .
they put all environmental problems down to the wicked industrialists , [in spite of/still] the fact that much of the pollution comes from eastern europe .

Ordered , That , at the sitting tomorrow , the Motion in the name of the Prime Minister relating to European Community : The Inter-Governmental Conferences may , notwithstanding the provisions of Standing Order No. 14 ( Exempted business ) , be proceeded with , though opposed , until Midnight .
ordered , that , at the sitting tomorrow , the motion in the name of the prime minister relating to european community : the inter-governmental conferences may , [in spite of/still] the provisions of standing order no. 14 ( exempted business ) , be proceeded with , though opposed , until midnight .

That the Select Committee have power to sit notwithstanding any adjournment of the House , to adjourn from place to place within the United Kingdom and to report from day to day the Minutes of Evidence taken before it .
that the select committee have power to sit [in spite of/still] any adjournment of the house , to adjourn from place to place within the united kingdom and to report from day to day the minutes of evidence taken before it .

Motion made , and Question proposed , That the Promoters of the King 's Cross Railways Bill may , notwithstanding anything in the Standing Orders or practice of this House , proceed with the Bill in the present Session ; and the Petition for the Bill shall be deemed to have been deposited and all Standing Orders applicable thereto shall be deemed to have been complied with ;
motion made , and question proposed , that the promoters of the king 's cross railways bill may , [in spite of/still] anything in the standing orders or practice of this house , proceed with the bill in the present session ; and the petition for the bill shall be deemed to have been deposited and all standing orders applicable thereto shall be deemed to have been complied with ;

If it exercises this power , the purchaser acquires good title , notwithstanding any claim by the original owner — Sale of Goods Act , section 21 ( 2 ) ( b ) .
if it exercises this power , the purchaser acquires good title , [in spite of/still] any claim by the original owner — sale of goods act , section 21 ( 2 ) ( b ) .

For most of human history political domination in the shape of empires , hereditary rulers , aristocracies , has been largely taken for granted , notwithstanding sporadic revolts , so that Mosca 's ( 1896 ) observation that ‘ in all societies — from societies that are very meagrely developed and have barely attained the dawnings of civilization , down to the most advanced and peaceful societies — two classes appear — a class that rules and a class that is ruled ’ , is no more than the recognition of a historical and , as he says , ‘ obvious ’ fact .
for most of human history political domination in the shape of empires , hereditary rulers , aristocracies , has been largely taken for granted , [in spite of/still] sporadic revolts , so that mosca 's ( 1896 ) observation that ‘ in all societies — from societies that are very meagrely developed and have barely attained the dawnings of civilization , down to the most advanced and peaceful societies — two classes appear — a class that rules and a class that is ruled ’ , is no more than the recognition of a historical and , as he says , ‘ obvious ’ fact .

In certain respects , that theory , notwithstanding its immense value as an intellectual scheme for orienting some important kinds of historical enquiry , seems to me profoundly misleading .
in certain respects , that theory , [in spite of/still] its immense value as an intellectual scheme for orienting some important kinds of historical enquiry , seems to me profoundly misleading .

This notwithstanding , the Treaty on European Union differs from previous Community treaties in its scope and in its ambition .
this [in spite of/still] , the treaty on european union differs from previous community treaties in its scope and in its ambition .

If a total of less than 1 % of the population is undefined then the errors are unlikely to be great , but the reliability of the moments decreases sharply as the proportions of undefined materials increases , and the technique should not be used with a higher proportion of unknowns notwithstanding the convenience and availability of pocket calculators suitable to perform the arithmetic .
if a total of less than 1 % of the population is undefined then the errors are unlikely to be great , but the reliability of the moments decreases sharply as the proportions of undefined materials increases , and the technique should not be used with a higher proportion of unknowns [in spite of/still] the convenience and availability of pocket calculators suitable to perform the arithmetic .

Its site has not altered and the chancel arch ( the division between the parishioners ' area [ the nave ] and the rector 's area [ the chancel ] ) has remained in the same position for 1000 years or more , notwithstanding additions , alterations , and demolitions .
its site has not altered and the chancel arch ( the division between the parishioners ' area [ the nave ] and the rector 's area [ the chancel ] ) has remained in the same position for 1000 years or more , [in spite of/still] additions , alterations , and demolitions .

If it had done so , and had included among such grounds the case where the company had been formed with the purpose of defrauding creditors … the Spanish court would have been entitled to give effect to it notwithstanding the terms of the Directive ( p 32 ) .
if it had done so , and had included among such grounds the case where the company had been formed with the purpose of defrauding creditors … the spanish court would have been entitled to give effect to it [in spite of/still] the terms of the directive ( p 32 ) .

compared with $yy in 1991 , notwithstanding Opec 's published stance that a higher price is needed . In addition , the impact of economic recession
compared with $yy in 1991 , [in spite of/still] opec 's published stance that a higher price is needed . in addition , the impact of economic recession

Notwithstanding the fury caused in some quarters by the tone of Yeltsin 's statement ( particularly the accusation that Japan was the only major country not to have provided assistance to Russia ) bilateral working-level talks on the territorial dispute went ahead in Tokyo on July 15-16 as planned .
[in spite of/still] the fury caused in some quarters by the tone of yeltsin 's statement ( particularly the accusation that japan was the only major country not to have provided assistance to russia ) bilateral working-level talks on the territorial dispute went ahead in tokyo on july 15-16 as planned .

Notwithstanding threats of a presidential veto from Bush and Defence Secretary Dick Cheney , on the following day the House approved a defence budget drawn up by its armed services committee .
[in spite of/still] threats of a presidential veto from bush and defence secretary dick cheney , on the following day the house approved a defence budget drawn up by its armed services committee .

Notwithstanding Gore 's insistence that his decision was based on personal considerations , the decision was widely seen as of great political significance .
[in spite of/still] gore 's insistence that his decision was based on personal considerations , the decision was widely seen as of great political significance .

The opposition parties had on Jan. 4 called for a three-day strike on Jan. 7-9 , with the aim of securing the `` immediate and unconditional `` resignation of Mobutu , notwithstanding his promise ( in an address to the country on Dec. 31 ) that 1991 would see the organization of presidential and legislative elections and of a referendum on a new constitution .
the opposition parties had on jan. 4 called for a three-day strike on jan. 7-9 , with the aim of securing the `` immediate and unconditional `` resignation of mobutu , [in spite of/still] his promise ( in an address to the country on dec. 31 ) that 1991 would see the organization of presidential and legislative elections and of a referendum on a new constitution .

Le Pen 's opposition to the Gulf war confused many supporters and provoked dissidence , notwithstanding his well publicized return from Baghdad on Nov. 22 , 1990 , with 70 freed French hostages [ see also pp .
le pen 's opposition to the gulf war confused many supporters and provoked dissidence , [in spite of/still] his well publicized return from baghdad on nov. 22 , 1990 , with 70 freed french hostages [ see also pp .

Notwithstanding a 1956 offer — later withdrawn — to return the two smaller islands ( Shikotan and Habomai ) , and a 1973 Soviet suggestion that there could be a discussion of the sovereignty of the larger two , the issue served to freeze Soviet-Japanese relations and prevented joint economic ventures or Japanese aid .
[in spite of/still] a 1956 offer — later withdrawn — to return the two smaller islands ( shikotan and habomai ) , and a 1973 soviet suggestion that there could be a discussion of the sovereignty of the larger two , the issue served to freeze soviet-japanese relations and prevented joint economic ventures or japanese aid .

In statements issued on July 16 the Foreign Ministers of Egypt , Kuwait and Saudi Arabia stressed that there had been total agreement on the articles of the Damascus Declaration notwithstanding some " minor amendments " .
in statements issued on july 16 the foreign ministers of egypt , kuwait and saudi arabia stressed that there had been total agreement on the articles of the damascus declaration [in spite of/still] some " minor amendments " .

Notwithstanding Clinton 's protestations , the agonies suffered over the issue of draft evasion by Dan Quayle as vice-presidential candidate during the 1988 campaign meant that many Republicans seized upon the allegations against Clinton with undisguised delight .
[in spite of/still] clinton 's protestations , the agonies suffered over the issue of draft evasion by dan quayle as vice-presidential candidate during the 1988 campaign meant that many republicans seized upon the allegations against clinton with undisguised delight .

Notwithstanding intense pressure from Greenpeace to pursue the extradition of Andries , and overwhelming support for this course of action from public opinion surveys , the New Zealand government appeared reluctant to reignite the issue in the face of the intransigence of the French government .
[in spite of/still] intense pressure from greenpeace to pursue the extradition of andries , and overwhelming support for this course of action from public opinion surveys , the new zealand government appeared reluctant to reignite the issue in the face of the intransigence of the french government .

Notwithstanding such international trends , however , the regime of Kim Il Sung , the `` Great Leader `` , appeared unwilling to make any compromises in its traditional ideology and structure .
[in spite of/still] such international trends , however , the regime of kim il sung , the `` great leader `` , appeared unwilling to make any compromises in its traditional ideology and structure .

Notwithstanding the official explanations , most observers interpreted the move as a display of Russian displeasure over Japan 's relentless pursuit of its territorial dispute with Russia over the Northern Territories .
[in spite of/still] the official explanations , most observers interpreted the move as a display of russian displeasure over japan 's relentless pursuit of its territorial dispute with russia over the northern territories .

Notwithstanding the constitutional changes which led up to the general election of July [ see p. 37603 ] , the Habré government had remained an alliance of faction leaders lacking any real popular support .
[in spite of/still] the constitutional changes which led up to the general election of july [ see p. 37603 ] , the habré government had remained an alliance of faction leaders lacking any real popular support .

If the purpose of the annexation be for the better enjoyment of the object itself , it may remain a chattel , notwithstanding a high degree of physical annexation .
if the purpose of the annexation be for the better enjoyment of the object itself , it may remain a chattel , [in spite of/still] a high degree of physical annexation .

8 ( 1 ) In a contract to which this section applies for the letting of a house for human habitation there is implied , notwithstanding any stipulation to the contrary — ( a ) a condition that the house is fit for human habitation at the commencement of the tenancy , and ( b ) an undertaking that the house will be kept by the landlord fit for human habitation during the tenancy .
8 ( 1 ) in a contract to which this section applies for the letting of a house for human habitation there is implied , [in spite of/still] any stipulation to the contrary — ( a ) a condition that the house is fit for human habitation at the commencement of the tenancy , and ( b ) an undertaking that the house will be kept by the landlord fit for human habitation during the tenancy .

19 ( 1 ) In all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , notwithstanding any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …
19 ( 1 ) in all leases whether made before or after the commencement of this act containing a covenant condition or agreement against assigning , under- letting , charging or party with the possession of a demised premises or any part thereof without licence or consent , such covenant condition or agreement shall , [in spite of/still] any express provision to the contrary , be deemed to be subject — ( a ) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld , but this proviso does not preclude the right of the landlord to require payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any legal or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence or consent ; …

141 ( 1 ) Rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein contained , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition therein contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .
141 ( 1 ) rent reserved by a lease , and the benefit of every covenant or provision therein contained , having reference to the subject-matter thereof , and on the lessee 's part to be observed or performed , and every condition of re-entry and other condition therein contained , shall be annexed and incident to and shall go with the reversionary estate in the land , or in any part thereof , immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , [in spite of/still] severance of that reversionary estate , and without prejudice to any liability affecting a covenantor or his estate .

142 ( 2 ) The obligation under a condition or of a covenant entered into by a lessor with reference to the subject-matter of the lease shall , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the reversionary estate immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , be annexed and incident to and shall go with that reversionary estate , or the several parts thereof , notwithstanding severance of that reversionary estate , and may be taken advantage of and enforced by the person in whom the term is from time to time vested by conveyance , devolution in law , or otherwise ; and , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the person from time to time entitled to that reversionary estate , the obligation aforesaid may be taken advantage of and enforced against any person so entitled .
142 ( 2 ) the obligation under a condition or of a covenant entered into by a lessor with reference to the subject-matter of the lease shall , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the reversionary estate immediately expectant on the term granted by the lease , be annexed and incident to and shall go with that reversionary estate , or the several parts thereof , [in spite of/still] severance of that reversionary estate , and may be taken advantage of and enforced by the person in whom the term is from time to time vested by conveyance , devolution in law , or otherwise ; and , if and as far as the lessor has power to bind the person from time to time entitled to that reversionary estate , the obligation aforesaid may be taken advantage of and enforced against any person so entitled .

The origins of the Caribbean Creole languages in slavery and plantation labour have ensured that they have never enjoyed high status in their own communities — notwithstanding various local attempts over the last century , mainly by intellectuals without government support , to raise their status .
the origins of the caribbean creole languages in slavery and plantation labour have ensured that they have never enjoyed high status in their own communities — [in spite of/still] various local attempts over the last century , mainly by intellectuals without government support , to raise their status .

Notwithstanding its critics , the continuum hypothesis has been an influential one in the study of Caribbean Creoles , and has formed the basis for significant studies of at least two of the Caribbean territories , Jamaica ( De Camp 1971 ) and Guyana ( Bickerton 1973 , 1975 ) Whatever the merits of the continuum hypothesis as a linguistic theory , its terms , `` acrolect `` for the local standard , `` basilect `` for the broad Creole , `` mesolect `` for the in-between varieties used mainly by the middle classes , have become widely accepted .
[in spite of/still] its critics , the continuum hypothesis has been an influential one in the study of caribbean creoles , and has formed the basis for significant studies of at least two of the caribbean territories , jamaica ( de camp 1971 ) and guyana ( bickerton 1973 , 1975 ) whatever the merits of the continuum hypothesis as a linguistic theory , its terms , `` acrolect `` for the local standard , `` basilect `` for the broad creole , `` mesolect `` for the in-between varieties used mainly by the middle classes , have become widely accepted .

( c ) Where a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body dies , a member may notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this Rule , continue to hold such share for the personal representative of the deceased for a period of not longer than twelve months from the date of the death ; provided that voting rights shall only be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance on this sub-paragraph where the only personal representative in respect of the deceased beneficial owner 's interest in the share is a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body .
( c ) where a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body dies , a member may [in spite of/still] sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this rule , continue to hold such share for the personal representative of the deceased for a period of not longer than twelve months from the date of the death ; provided that voting rights shall only be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance on this sub-paragraph where the only personal representative in respect of the deceased beneficial owner 's interest in the share is a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body .

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , [in spite of/still] paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and

( ii ) where the specified event happens in respect of a beneficial owner of a share , a member may , notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this Rule , continue to hold such share for the beneficial owner or , as the case may be , his trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator from a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph .
( ii ) where the specified event happens in respect of a beneficial owner of a share , a member may , [in spite of/still] sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this rule , continue to hold such share for the beneficial owner or , as the case may be , his trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator from a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph .

( 4 ) Notwithstanding paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of this Rule the Council may approve in writing some other name for a recognised body . ’
( 4 ) [in spite of/still] paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of this rule the council may approve in writing some other name for a recognised body . ’

( b ) Notwithstanding paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 5 ) ( a ) of this rule , a registered foreign lawyer will not be in breach of these rules by virtue of setting up , operating , actively participating in or controlling a business outside England and Wales , provided :
( b ) [in spite of/still] paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 5 ) ( a ) of this rule , a registered foreign lawyer will not be in breach of these rules by virtue of setting up , operating , actively participating in or controlling a business outside england and wales , provided :

( c ) Where a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body dies , a member may notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this Rule , continue to hold such share for the personal representative of the deceased for a period of not longer than twelve months from the date of the death ; provided that voting rights shall only be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph where the only personal representative in respect of the deceased beneficial owner 's interest in the share is a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body .
( c ) where a beneficial owner of a share in a recognised body dies , a member may [in spite of/still] sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this rule , continue to hold such share for the personal representative of the deceased for a period of not longer than twelve months from the date of the death ; provided that voting rights shall only be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph where the only personal representative in respect of the deceased beneficial owner 's interest in the share is a solicitor , a registered foreign lawyer or a recognised body .

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , [in spite of/still] paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and

( ii ) where the specified event happens in respect of a beneficial owner of a share , a member may , notwithstanding sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this Rule , continue to hold such share for the beneficial owner or , as the case may be , his trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph .
( ii ) where the specified event happens in respect of a beneficial owner of a share , a member may , [in spite of/still] sub-paragraph ( 2 ) ( a ) of this rule , continue to hold such share for the beneficial owner or , as the case may be , his trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any share held in reliance of this sub-paragraph .

( c ) a recognised body shall , notwithstanding sub-paragraphs ( 4 ) ( c ) and ( 5 ) ( a ) of Rule 5 , at all times have at least one member holding a share or shares in the circumstances set out in Rule ( 5 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) ( ii ) of these rules and able to exercise voting rights in respect of at least one share in the body , except that the recognition of a body shall not expire solely because :
( c ) a recognised body shall , [in spite of/still] sub-paragraphs ( 4 ) ( c ) and ( 5 ) ( a ) of rule 5 , at all times have at least one member holding a share or shares in the circumstances set out in rule ( 5 ) ( 2 ) ( a ) ( ii ) of these rules and able to exercise voting rights in respect of at least one share in the body , except that the recognition of a body shall not expire solely because :

( 4 ) Notwithstanding paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of this Rule the Council may approve in writing some other name for a recognised body .
( 4 ) [in spite of/still] paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of this rule the council may approve in writing some other name for a recognised body .

Wage differentials notwithstanding , the nominal wages of London 's skilled men did not much move over the century until the last decade .
wage differentials [in spite of/still] , the nominal wages of london 's skilled men did not much move over the century until the last decade .

These two cases , although subjected to criticism , seem to strengthen copyright protection notwithstanding that the `` look and feel `` test is not always easy to apply in practice .
these two cases , although subjected to criticism , seem to strengthen copyright protection [in spite of/still] that the `` look and feel `` test is not always easy to apply in practice .

Therefore , a contract to purchase a computer is a sale of goods contract notwithstanding the inclusion of computer software embodied within the computer .
therefore , a contract to purchase a computer is a sale of goods contract [in spite of/still] the inclusion of computer software embodied within the computer .

Notwithstanding this , if one has a taste for adventure and no fear of hard work , the rewards are ample not only in terms of a tax-free salary but in the satisfaction of a job well done in a challenging and interesting environment .
[in spite of/still] this , if one has a taste for adventure and no fear of hard work , the rewards are ample not only in terms of a tax-free salary but in the satisfaction of a job well done in a challenging and interesting environment .

For him , myth is a concentrated image of the world , which is serious and effective notwithstanding the way it breaches causality by introducing miracles .
for him , myth is a concentrated image of the world , which is serious and effective [in spite of/still] the way it breaches causality by introducing miracles .

It was therefore proposed by , seconded by and carried unanimously that notwithstanding the previous Conference resolution to that effect , the requirement should be waived on this occasion , and that the officers nominated and displayed on the sheet at the rear of the Hall should be elected en-bloc .
it was therefore proposed by , seconded by and carried unanimously that [in spite of/still] the previous conference resolution to that effect , the requirement should be waived on this occasion , and that the officers nominated and displayed on the sheet at the rear of the hall should be elected en-bloc .

Supplemental dietary calcium did not increase the concentrations of soluble calcium ( Fig 5 ) , notwithstanding the large increase in total faecal calcium .
supplemental dietary calcium did not increase the concentrations of soluble calcium ( fig 5 ) , [in spite of/still] the large increase in total faecal calcium .

Dietary supplementation with calcium carbonate did not increase the soluble calcium concentrations along the intestine and in the faeces ( Figs 1 and 5 ) , notwithstanding the large increase in the total faecal calcium concentrations ( Figs 1 and 3 ) .
dietary supplementation with calcium carbonate did not increase the soluble calcium concentrations along the intestine and in the faeces ( figs 1 and 5 ) , [in spite of/still] the large increase in the total faecal calcium concentrations ( figs 1 and 3 ) .

The author notwithstanding , many conclusions can be drawn from this steel-trap of a book ; about Berlin in Thirties turmoil , for example , as observed by a keen-eyed young loner from Bristol .
the author [in spite of/still] , many conclusions can be drawn from this steel-trap of a book ; about berlin in thirties turmoil , for example , as observed by a keen-eyed young loner from bristol .

Notwithstanding , Mr Quiles commissioned a report into strategies for reform and its controversial recommendations , made public at the beginning of last month , immediately drew the wrath of the unions .
[in spite of/still] , mr quiles commissioned a report into strategies for reform and its controversial recommendations , made public at the beginning of last month , immediately drew the wrath of the unions .

Notwithstanding his devotion to the papacy , he was an embryonic English Protestant .
[in spite of/still] his devotion to the papacy , he was an embryonic english protestant .

Their apparent wealth notwithstanding , there are rumblings of unease within parts of the lieutenancy about the cost of it all .
their apparent wealth [in spite of/still] , there are rumblings of unease within parts of the lieutenancy about the cost of it all .

‘ Notwithstanding all these problems , the bank has kept faith with us in the face of the single most important failing of small business — the failure to provide adequate information on a timely basis , ’ he says .
‘ [in spite of/still] all these problems , the bank has kept faith with us in the face of the single most important failing of small business — the failure to provide adequate information on a timely basis , ’ he says .

That caveat notwithstanding , those close to Mr Bush insist that there was an effort to get a non-military solution , and that if Saddam Hussein had reached out for it he could have walked away from Kuwait with something gained from his adventure .
that caveat [in spite of/still] , those close to mr bush insist that there was an effort to get a non-military solution , and that if saddam hussein had reached out for it he could have walked away from kuwait with something gained from his adventure .

America 's passion for watching and talking about sport ( and , those ubiquitous joggers notwithstanding , the true passion is for watching not playing ) deserves attention .
america 's passion for watching and talking about sport ( and , those ubiquitous joggers [in spite of/still] , the true passion is for watching not playing ) deserves attention .

And notwithstanding the invariable belief of these coaches that their own programme-of-the-moment is writ large on a tablet just descended from Heaven , there are no absolutes about which kind of exercises are best to get you fit over a short period of time .
and [in spite of/still] the invariable belief of these coaches that their own programme-of-the-moment is writ large on a tablet just descended from heaven , there are no absolutes about which kind of exercises are best to get you fit over a short period of time .

Notwithstanding the course changes and equipment improvements , the Honours Boards are indicators of consistency — that most elusive of golfing ingredients .
[in spite of/still] the course changes and equipment improvements , the honours boards are indicators of consistency — that most elusive of golfing ingredients .

the power hereby granted will expire 15 months following the passing of this resolution or , if earlier , at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 1991 , except that the Company may make an offer or agreement before it expires which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after it expires and the Directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of the offer or agreement notwithstanding its expiry .
the power hereby granted will expire 15 months following the passing of this resolution or , if earlier , at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the company to be held in 1991 , except that the company may make an offer or agreement before it expires which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after it expires and the directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of the offer or agreement [in spite of/still] its expiry .

’ Wind notwithstanding , Charles decided to go ahead and experiment , initially on an eighty-acre block of land at Highgrove ; this has proved so successful that , by the end of 1991 , all the arable land on the farm will be up to organic farming standards .
’ wind [in spite of/still] , charles decided to go ahead and experiment , initially on an eighty-acre block of land at highgrove ; this has proved so successful that , by the end of 1991 , all the arable land on the farm will be up to organic farming standards .

Workplace observations notwithstanding , for Rosenberg , one judgement echoed : New York , shoddy and dirty .
workplace observations [in spite of/still] , for rosenberg , one judgement echoed : new york , shoddy and dirty .

Their troubled relationship with Prost notwithstanding , Honda 's successful assault on the bastions of Formula One is admirably chronicled by Christopher Hilton in Conquest of Formula One , although his somewhat hectoring style makes the first few pages something of a battle .
their troubled relationship with prost [in spite of/still] , honda 's successful assault on the bastions of formula one is admirably chronicled by christopher hilton in conquest of formula one , although his somewhat hectoring style makes the first few pages something of a battle .

This , say Mrs Bagwell and her supporters , the swastikas and posters notwithstanding , is the final proof that the attacks on the Ks were not racially motivated .
this , say mrs bagwell and her supporters , the swastikas and posters [in spite of/still] , is the final proof that the attacks on the ks were not racially motivated .

Over-large steering wheel notwithstanding , its controls , instruments , heating and ventilation system , and driving position simply show how it should be done .
over-large steering wheel [in spite of/still] , its controls , instruments , heating and ventilation system , and driving position simply show how it should be done .

But this preoccupation can do little to illuminate the long period of non-divorce and tends in the end to convey a linear development , implied also by the title of the book , notwithstanding Stone 's concern to stress the variability in the meanings of divorce , marriage , and morality .
but this preoccupation can do little to illuminate the long period of non-divorce and tends in the end to convey a linear development , implied also by the title of the book , [in spite of/still] stone 's concern to stress the variability in the meanings of divorce , marriage , and morality .

Callinicos ' own apology about publishing yet another study of an over-worked subject notwithstanding , it remains an important contemporary debate .
callinicos ' own apology about publishing yet another study of an over-worked subject [in spite of/still] , it remains an important contemporary debate .

An awareness of politics grows out of individuals ' perception of the world around them , and earlier in this book some of the main contributing factors to an African perception of the world , notwithstanding Africa 's great diversity , were sketched .
an awareness of politics grows out of individuals ' perception of the world around them , and earlier in this book some of the main contributing factors to an african perception of the world , [in spite of/still] africa 's great diversity , were sketched .

Notwithstanding the re-election of Mrs Thatcher in 1983 and 1987 , a clear majority of voters have favoured increased taxes to pay for greater expenditure on services such as health , education , and welfare , over tax cutting and programme cutting ( Table 10.1 ) .
[in spite of/still] the re-election of mrs thatcher in 1983 and 1987 , a clear majority of voters have favoured increased taxes to pay for greater expenditure on services such as health , education , and welfare , over tax cutting and programme cutting ( table 10.1 ) .

Notwithstanding this promise , the use of road pricing to change travel habits still seems some way off .
[in spite of/still] this promise , the use of road pricing to change travel habits still seems some way off .

Miller pointed out that ‘ Oranges , jesmines , capers , olives and pomegranites … are annually brought from Italy and , if skilfully managed , very few of them miscarry , notwithstanding they are many times three or four months out of the ground .
miller pointed out that ‘ oranges , jesmines , capers , olives and pomegranites … are annually brought from italy and , if skilfully managed , very few of them miscarry , [in spite of/still] they are many times three or four months out of the ground .

The Preface sets a note of confidence , ‘ We have grounds to hope , notwithstanding the inclemency of our seasons … England though a Northern Climate , will be able to vye with those of a more southerly situation , even to Italy itself , which some have styled the Garden of the World .
the preface sets a note of confidence , ‘ we have grounds to hope , [in spite of/still] the inclemency of our seasons … england though a northern climate , will be able to vye with those of a more southerly situation , even to italy itself , which some have styled the garden of the world .

However , notwithstanding his extensive programme , no courses longer than the Terminal type were arranged , possibly because student groups were not formed in the villages of people who would have accepted responsibility to stimulate , organise and sustain local demand .
however , [in spite of/still] his extensive programme , no courses longer than the terminal type were arranged , possibly because student groups were not formed in the villages of people who would have accepted responsibility to stimulate , organise and sustain local demand .

Yet again , throughout this chapter there have been repeated references to the precariousness of the financial position of the District , notwithstanding the introduction of grant-aid under the 1924 Adult Education Regulations .
yet again , throughout this chapter there have been repeated references to the precariousness of the financial position of the district , [in spite of/still] the introduction of grant-aid under the 1924 adult education regulations .

Notwithstanding the popular appeal and political capital to be derived from such a humane-sounding statement , this definition is nevertheless at variance with the traditional understanding of the meaning of punishment .
[in spite of/still] the popular appeal and political capital to be derived from such a humane-sounding statement , this definition is nevertheless at variance with the traditional understanding of the meaning of punishment .

Strong pressures notwithstanding , the social workers undertook a substantial developmental role .
strong pressures [in spite of/still] , the social workers undertook a substantial developmental role .

Notwithstanding important differences , there are clear similarities in the issues surrounding the residential care of children in the three countries .
[in spite of/still] important differences , there are clear similarities in the issues surrounding the residential care of children in the three countries .

The suspension loved it ( clonks from the front notwithstanding ) , the body sills and sumpguard slithered over bits where tractor rutting had cut deep , the whip aerial beat a tattoo on the roof and road-biased Semperit tyres found grip .
the suspension loved it ( clonks from the front [in spite of/still] ) , the body sills and sumpguard slithered over bits where tractor rutting had cut deep , the whip aerial beat a tattoo on the roof and road-biased semperit tyres found grip .

Notwithstanding the reservations of Glynn and Oxborrow it is clear that population growth rates were less than one third of their nineteenth century peaks and the fact is that there was a substantial loss of population from the old industrial areas to the new ones .
[in spite of/still] the reservations of glynn and oxborrow it is clear that population growth rates were less than one third of their nineteenth century peaks and the fact is that there was a substantial loss of population from the old industrial areas to the new ones .

Notwithstanding current problems which they discussed lightly , it had all been wonderful .
[in spite of/still] current problems which they discussed lightly , it had all been wonderful .

By late September , the local doctor concluded that the lad was sinking fast , and told him ( according to the diary ) ‘ that notwithstanding all the efforts which have been made to check the disease , they had not done so … and advised him to look to God to prepare him for whatever might be the event of the disease .
by late september , the local doctor concluded that the lad was sinking fast , and told him ( according to the diary ) ‘ that [in spite of/still] all the efforts which have been made to check the disease , they had not done so … and advised him to look to god to prepare him for whatever might be the event of the disease .

Notwithstanding such efforts , the smell of death was seldom absent for long from the dwellings of the poorest people . The Rev. John Warton , who was himself chairman of a small savings bank , recounts one of his parochial visits :
[in spite of/still] such efforts , the smell of death was seldom absent for long from the dwellings of the poorest people . the rev. john warton , who was himself chairman of a small savings bank , recounts one of his parochial visits :

Notwithstanding some products marketed as sanitisers can be effective disinfectants when used as such and the use of sanitisers in some circumstances should not be ruled out .
[in spite of/still] some products marketed as sanitisers can be effective disinfectants when used as such and the use of sanitisers in some circumstances should not be ruled out .

It all seemed important at the time , but notwithstanding the subterranean implications , Five Easy Pieces established Nicholson beyond doubt as the most effective actor of his kind around , and he was immediately rewarded with a second nomination for an Oscar ; he did not win it but his very inclusion meant two in a row for a relative unknown , a situation unheard of in recent Hollywood history .
it all seemed important at the time , but [in spite of/still] the subterranean implications , five easy pieces established nicholson beyond doubt as the most effective actor of his kind around , and he was immediately rewarded with a second nomination for an oscar ; he did not win it but his very inclusion meant two in a row for a relative unknown , a situation unheard of in recent hollywood history .

Notwithstanding a marked inferiority at centre and back row , the champions , with only nine of their title-winning side and four newcomers to county rugby , made an unstinting contribution to a fluid game in which they were outscored in tries only three to four .
[in spite of/still] a marked inferiority at centre and back row , the champions , with only nine of their title-winning side and four newcomers to county rugby , made an unstinting contribution to a fluid game in which they were outscored in tries only three to four .

Notwithstanding this , we have an immediate need to protect our property from the moment the slate falls .
[in spite of/still] this , we have an immediate need to protect our property from the moment the slate falls .

This did they thinking that he would be dismayed and turn back : but the Moor did not cease to advance , notwithstanding this letter .
this did they thinking that he would be dismayed and turn back : but the moor did not cease to advance , [in spite of/still] this letter .

In short compass , it was held that someone who by reference to purely biological criteria is undoubtedly of the male sex at birth remains a male , notwithstanding a diagnosis of transsexualism , medical and surgical intervention to alter external sexual characteristics , and adoption of a female role or gender identity .
in short compass , it was held that someone who by reference to purely biological criteria is undoubtedly of the male sex at birth remains a male , [in spite of/still] a diagnosis of transsexualism , medical and surgical intervention to alter external sexual characteristics , and adoption of a female role or gender identity .

Notwithstanding such criticisms , Tan seems to make it abundantly clear that if any change in the law 's attitude to transsexuals is to be forthcoming , it will certainly not come from the English courts .
[in spite of/still] such criticisms , tan seems to make it abundantly clear that if any change in the law 's attitude to transsexuals is to be forthcoming , it will certainly not come from the english courts .

This is so notwithstanding the fact that the doctor may regard the patient 's decision as wrong or ill advised .
this is so [in spite of/still] the fact that the doctor may regard the patient 's decision as wrong or ill advised .

Notwithstanding this , the city policy continued to approach only the designated neighbourhood group .
[in spite of/still] this , the city policy continued to approach only the designated neighbourhood group .

The Chesterton windmill , between this village and Chesterton Green , is certainly the oddest looking in Britain , notwithstanding the multi-sailed windmills to be seen in Lincolnshire .
the chesterton windmill , between this village and chesterton green , is certainly the oddest looking in britain , [in spite of/still] the multi-sailed windmills to be seen in lincolnshire .

the question arises whether , in relation to any particular post , there is adequate potential to meet the needs of the firm , so notwithstanding what might otherwise be a desirable policy of providing career opportunities , this issue needs to be looked at closely .
the question arises whether , in relation to any particular post , there is adequate potential to meet the needs of the firm , so [in spite of/still] what might otherwise be a desirable policy of providing career opportunities , this issue needs to be looked at closely .

Especially in the early 1930s , notwithstanding the pay-cuts , police officers in the city had a job secure from redundancy — which was more than you could say for most of those they policed .
especially in the early 1930s , [in spite of/still] the pay-cuts , police officers in the city had a job secure from redundancy — which was more than you could say for most of those they policed .

Under the care of this gentleman he remained near a week ; when , not finding that relief he hoped for , Dr Scott was requested to assist Dr Crawford , but with no better success , for notwithstanding the united efforts of these eminent physicians , the fevers and faintings encreased [ sic ] till they ended in delirium and death on the 21st , being seventeen days after the first attack ’ .
under the care of this gentleman he remained near a week ; when , not finding that relief he hoped for , dr scott was requested to assist dr crawford , but with no better success , for [in spite of/still] the united efforts of these eminent physicians , the fevers and faintings encreased [ sic ] till they ended in delirium and death on the 21st , being seventeen days after the first attack ’ .

Notwithstanding , the upshot is instructive , alike to those who , in their adoration of the psychical Cybele , Queen of the Inexact Sciences , and to those , more virile , who do not recognise her Sovereignty .
[in spite of/still] , the upshot is instructive , alike to those who , in their adoration of the psychical cybele , queen of the inexact sciences , and to those , more virile , who do not recognise her sovereignty .

Such difficulties notwithstanding , fibreoptic systems could bring back to Earth some of the telephone communications that are routed through satellite links .
such difficulties [in spite of/still] , fibreoptic systems could bring back to earth some of the telephone communications that are routed through satellite links .

Notwithstanding the status of the Data Sheet , Dista representatives were distributing a booklet in September 1981 based on the presentations at the Paris symposium on ‘ Opren ’ , which included the studies on elderly patients .
[in spite of/still] the status of the data sheet , dista representatives were distributing a booklet in september 1981 based on the presentations at the paris symposium on ‘ opren ’ , which included the studies on elderly patients .

Nevertheless among these peoples there are sometimes individuals , frequently sincere , who claim to have no belief in a ‘ god ’ of any kind , but who , notwithstanding this , will often be found to be living a life in accordance with at least some part of an organised religion , and doing so often quite unbeknown even to themselves .
nevertheless among these peoples there are sometimes individuals , frequently sincere , who claim to have no belief in a ‘ god ’ of any kind , but who , [in spite of/still] this , will often be found to be living a life in accordance with at least some part of an organised religion , and doing so often quite unbeknown even to themselves .

Notwithstanding a single impudent win by a mountain biker in 1989 , it would appear that the subject is now closed .
[in spite of/still] a single impudent win by a mountain biker in 1989 , it would appear that the subject is now closed .

But notwithstanding these shortcomings , he had lovely brown eyes and a whimsical expression , and Breeze was delighted with him .
but [in spite of/still] these shortcomings , he had lovely brown eyes and a whimsical expression , and breeze was delighted with him .

Notwithstanding the type of membership , the formation of the National Deaf Club was an important development for deaf people , for through it there grew the camaraderie that we see today in the deaf community — a sense of belonging to a body that was quite acceptable in social terms .
[in spite of/still] the type of membership , the formation of the national deaf club was an important development for deaf people , for through it there grew the camaraderie that we see today in the deaf community — a sense of belonging to a body that was quite acceptable in social terms .

When , therefore , anything is out of place in a picturesque point of view , it excites his criticism , notwithstanding its utility in other respects .
when , therefore , anything is out of place in a picturesque point of view , it excites his criticism , [in spite of/still] its utility in other respects .

Notwithstanding these difficulties , self-report studies do indicate that middle-class individuals are as likely to commit crimes as working-class individuals .
[in spite of/still] these difficulties , self-report studies do indicate that middle-class individuals are as likely to commit crimes as working-class individuals .

Notwithstanding these drawbacks a large proportion of international trade is conducted on an open account basis with the documents of title being sent direct to the importer .
[in spite of/still] these drawbacks a large proportion of international trade is conducted on an open account basis with the documents of title being sent direct to the importer .

The foregoing paragraphs notwithstanding it is possible , and indeed useful , to categorize English surnames for their better examination .
the foregoing paragraphs [in spite of/still] it is possible , and indeed useful , to categorize english surnames for their better examination .

Notwithstanding these excesses of zeal , the Evangelical Alliance booklet does not appear to have gone over the top .
[in spite of/still] these excesses of zeal , the evangelical alliance booklet does not appear to have gone over the top .

Notwithstanding this debate , what precisely has happened in terms of environmental change in the Sahel in the last two to three decades ?
[in spite of/still] this debate , what precisely has happened in terms of environmental change in the sahel in the last two to three decades ?

Notwithstanding Mrs Thatcher 's confidence that we can ‘ fix ’ environmental problems , the difficulties associated with a task even as apparently simple as monitoring a state variable are considerable .
[in spite of/still] mrs thatcher 's confidence that we can ‘ fix ’ environmental problems , the difficulties associated with a task even as apparently simple as monitoring a state variable are considerable .

Arguably James Clerk Maxwell was the greatest scientist of the nineteenth century , notwithstanding giants such as Carnot , Boltzmann , and Darwin .
arguably james clerk maxwell was the greatest scientist of the nineteenth century , [in spite of/still] giants such as carnot , boltzmann , and darwin .

Notwithstanding its status as a member of the British Commonwealth , Jamaica now looks much more toward the US for its future .
[in spite of/still] its status as a member of the british commonwealth , jamaica now looks much more toward the us for its future .

Just north of Antequera , droughts notwithstanding , is the Fuente de Piedra , Andalucía ’ s largest lake , with a surface area that can reach 1,384 hectares ( 3,420 acres ) .
just north of antequera , droughts [in spite of/still] , is the fuente de piedra , andalucía ’ s largest lake , with a surface area that can reach 1,384 hectares ( 3,420 acres ) .

Section 808 ( 2 ) states that , notwithstanding section 801 , `` any rule which an agency for good cause finds ( and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefor in the rule issued ) that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest '' shall take effect at such time as the federal agency promulgating the rule determines .
section 808 ( 2 ) states that , [in spite of/still] section 801 , `` any rule which an agency for good cause finds ( and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefor in the rule issued ) that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable , unnecessary , or contrary to the public interest '' shall take effect at such time as the federal agency promulgating the rule determines .

Interest is classified as exchange revenue notwithstanding the fact that the entity may not be charged a cost of capital for the assets that yield these inflows ; or , if the entity borrowed from Treasury to acquire the assets , it may have been charged a below-market interest rate .
interest is classified as exchange revenue [in spite of/still] the fact that the entity may not be charged a cost of capital for the assets that yield these inflows ; or , if the entity borrowed from treasury to acquire the assets , it may have been charged a below-market interest rate .

Notwithstanding that duties are a nonexchange revenue , these particular duties are a nonexchange revenue of an entity other than the United States and therefore are not recognized as a nonexchange revenue of the U.S. Government .
[in spite of/still] that duties are a nonexchange revenue , these particular duties are a nonexchange revenue of an entity other than the united states and therefore are not recognized as a nonexchange revenue of the u.s. government .

Notwithstanding that the Government demands the revenue under its power to compel payment , the revenue arises from the action of the private parties and is closely related to the cost of operations incurred as a result of that action .
[in spite of/still] that the government demands the revenue under its power to compel payment , the revenue arises from the action of the private parties and is closely related to the cost of operations incurred as a result of that action .

GAO not only provides Congress with essential information about Federal programs , but also , uniquely , exercises statutory authority to ( continued… ) GAO , headed by the Comptroller General , is a principal means by which the legislative branch conducts oversight of executive programs and activities.8 Notwithstanding the broad authority vested in GAO and the Comptroller General by the Congress , the Vice President « s August 2 letter again questioned GAO « s basic authority to do this review .
gao not only provides congress with essential information about federal programs , but also , uniquely , exercises statutory authority to ( continued… ) gao , headed by the comptroller general , is a principal means by which the legislative branch conducts oversight of executive programs and activities.8 [in spite of/still] the broad authority vested in gao and the comptroller general by the congress , the vice president « s august 2 letter again questioned gao « s basic authority to do this review .

Here , notwithstanding Congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction operates to insulate current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central Amendment concerns .
here , [in spite of/still] congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction operates to insulate current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central amendment concerns .

Finally , notwithstanding Congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction insulates current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central Amendment concerns .
finally , [in spite of/still] congress ' purpose to confine and limit its program , the restriction insulates current welfare laws from constitutional scrutiny and certain other legal challenges , a condition implicating central amendment concerns .

Section 509 ( h ) of the 1996 LSC appropriation , which has been reenacted in each subsequent year , provides that , notwithstanding section 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) , LSC auditors and monitors are given explicit access to `` financial records , time records , retainer agreements , client trust fund and eligibility records , and client names , for each recipient … except for reports or records subject to the attorney-client privilege . ''
section 509 ( h ) of the 1996 lsc appropriation , which has been reenacted in each subsequent year , provides that , [in spite of/still] section 1006 ( b ) ( 3 ) , lsc auditors and monitors are given explicit access to `` financial records , time records , retainer agreements , client trust fund and eligibility records , and client names , for each recipient … except for reports or records subject to the attorney-client privilege . ''

Notwithstanding these successes , the equal justice community in Maryland has continued to look for ways to expand and improve services to clients .
[in spite of/still] these successes , the equal justice community in maryland has continued to look for ways to expand and improve services to clients .

Notwithstanding these concerns , EPA attempted to respond to the Senators ' request by mapping in the critical assumptions of the CEF as a range of policies that provide a set of alternative assumptions about the future .
[in spite of/still] these concerns , epa attempted to respond to the senators ' request by mapping in the critical assumptions of the cef as a range of policies that provide a set of alternative assumptions about the future .

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence , the total tonnage of emissions in any calendar year ( calculated at the end thereof ) from all units in such a utility system , power pool , or allowance pool agreements shall not exceed the total allowances for such units for the calendar year concerned , including for calendar years after 2007 , allowances held for such units by the owner or operator of the sources where the units are located .
[in spite of/still] the preceding sentence , the total tonnage of emissions in any calendar year ( calculated at the end thereof ) from all units in such a utility system , power pool , or allowance pool agreements shall not exceed the total allowances for such units for the calendar year concerned , including for calendar years after 2007 , allowances held for such units by the owner or operator of the sources where the units are located .

Notwithstanding the prior sentence , if allowances remain in the reserve one year after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , the Administrator shall allocate such allowances for affected units under section 414 on a pro rata basis .
[in spite of/still] the prior sentence , if allowances remain in the reserve one year after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , the administrator shall allocate such allowances for affected units under section 414 on a pro rata basis .

Notwithstanding any other paragraph of this subsection , for units subject to this paragraph , the Administrator shall not allocate allowances pursuant to any other paragraph of this subsection , provided that the owner or operator of a unit listed on Table B may elect an allocation of allowances under another paragraph of this subsection in lieu of an allocation under this paragraph .
[in spite of/still] any other paragraph of this subsection , for units subject to this paragraph , the administrator shall not allocate allowances pursuant to any other paragraph of this subsection , provided that the owner or operator of a unit listed on table b may elect an allocation of allowances under another paragraph of this subsection in lieu of an allocation under this paragraph .

Notwithstanding , we assume here that all carrier route advertising mail would be available to cream skimmers .
[in spite of/still] , we assume here that all carrier route advertising mail would be available to cream skimmers .

Notwithstanding , for analytical purposes , we assume the best possible case for cream skimmers ; that they would be able to serve only routes that fall within quartile 1 .
[in spite of/still] , for analytical purposes , we assume the best possible case for cream skimmers ; that they would be able to serve only routes that fall within quartile 1 .

Notwithstanding persistent press reports to the contrary , there is no convincing evidence that the Spanish al Qaeda cell , led by Imad Barkat Yarkas and al Qaeda European financier Mohammed Galeb Kalaje Zouaydi , provided any funding to support the 9/11 attacks or the Hamburg participants .
[in spite of/still] persistent press reports to the contrary , there is no convincing evidence that the spanish al qaeda cell , led by imad barkat yarkas and al qaeda european financier mohammed galeb kalaje zouaydi , provided any funding to support the 9/11 attacks or the hamburg participants .

Notwithstanding the identification of these emerging threats , by 9/11 there were only seven alert sites left in the United States , each with two fighter aircraft on alert .
[in spite of/still] the identification of these emerging threats , by 9/11 there were only seven alert sites left in the united states , each with two fighter aircraft on alert .

Remarkably Complex Stories My initial doubts notwithstanding , I found dozens of well-informed , medically competent patients sharing information on a variety of topics .
remarkably complex stories my initial doubts [in spite of/still] , i found dozens of well-informed , medically competent patients sharing information on a variety of topics .

Finally , notwithstanding limits to precision , the benefits to be obtained from estimates of the average final epidemic size and the timing of epidemics alone may warrant considerable investment in EWSs .
finally , [in spite of/still] limits to precision , the benefits to be obtained from estimates of the average final epidemic size and the timing of epidemics alone may warrant considerable investment in ewss .

The larger point is that his work -- like Russell 's -- is an inspiration ; it makes you makes you realize that , The Anxiety of Influence notwithstanding , there are an infinite number of possibilities for framing our experience .
the larger point is that his work -- like russell 's -- is an inspiration ; it makes you makes you realize that , the anxiety of influence [in spite of/still] , there are an infinite number of possibilities for framing our experience .

Indeed , his vehement criticisms of my essay notwithstanding , Goldhagen himself does not accuse me of misrepresenting current scholarly wisdom .
indeed , his vehement criticisms of my essay [in spite of/still] , goldhagen himself does not accuse me of misrepresenting current scholarly wisdom .

My disclaimer notwithstanding , does one have to be a Christian to comment on the Antichrist comparison ?
my disclaimer [in spite of/still] , does one have to be a christian to comment on the antichrist comparison ?

Notwithstanding cable TV 's frenetic electronic vigil , with station editors clearly hoping for a Di-like bounty of extra viewers , the attempts by a series of anchors to launch a national wave of emotion has failed .
[in spite of/still] cable tv 's frenetic electronic vigil , with station editors clearly hoping for a di-like bounty of extra viewers , the attempts by a series of anchors to launch a national wave of emotion has failed .

Babel myth notwithstanding , it 's quite possible that multilingualism has always been part of the human condition .
babel myth [in spite of/still] , it 's quite possible that multilingualism has always been part of the human condition .

Beginning with Bennett 's afternoon press conference -- '' Judge Wright should be complimented on her courage to make the right decision , notwithstanding all of the political atmosphere surrounding the case '' -- the Clintonites incessantly lauded Wright 's bravery .
beginning with bennett 's afternoon press conference -- '' judge wright should be complimented on her courage to make the right decision , [in spite of/still] all of the political atmosphere surrounding the case '' -- the clintonites incessantly lauded wright 's bravery .

This is not the England of Tony Blair or Princess Di or Martin Amis , but the England we remember from other children 's books , an England somehow perpetually Edwardian , notwithstanding certain concessions to modernity like telephones and coeducation .
this is not the england of tony blair or princess di or martin amis , but the england we remember from other children 's books , an england somehow perpetually edwardian , [in spite of/still] certain concessions to modernity like telephones and coeducation .

Forty extra pounds notwithstanding , Sylvester Stallone fails to ascend to the ranks of his co-stars , the great character actors Robert De Niro , Harvey Keitel , and Ray Liotta .
forty extra pounds [in spite of/still] , sylvester stallone fails to ascend to the ranks of his co-stars , the great character actors robert de niro , harvey keitel , and ray liotta .

Critics ' doubts about whether the middle-aged rockers have any staying power are overcome ; they praise Fleetwood Mac 's new songs , their '70s sound notwithstanding .
critics ' doubts about whether the middle-aged rockers have any staying power are overcome ; they praise fleetwood mac 's new songs , their '70s sound [in spite of/still] .

All that notwithstanding , the interesting thing about the Greenspan resignation rumor was that it raised an obvious question : Would it really matter ?
all that [in spite of/still] , the interesting thing about the greenspan resignation rumor was that it raised an obvious question : would it really matter ?

All the more reason why I hate to see Ross dismissed , when to my mind his book is not only more fun to read , it is also more ambitious and , Kurt Andersen notwithstanding , better reported .
all the more reason why i hate to see ross dismissed , when to my mind his book is not only more fun to read , it is also more ambitious and , kurt andersen [in spite of/still] , better reported .

The angry portrait of Helen shows that , all feminist claims on Stein notwithstanding , she was as capable of misogyny as any man .
the angry portrait of helen shows that , all feminist claims on stein [in spite of/still] , she was as capable of misogyny as any man .

I say this notwithstanding my affinity for their optimism .
i say this [in spite of/still] my affinity for their optimism .

None of these has much current appeal , luxe notwithstanding .
none of these has much current appeal , luxe [in spite of/still] .

Yet , that shrewd critique of revisionism notwithstanding , Lukacs ' own corrections to Hitler history are idiosyncratic and often wrong .
yet , that shrewd critique of revisionism [in spite of/still] , lukacs ' own corrections to hitler history are idiosyncratic and often wrong .

The unnoted ironies pile up : Their fulminations notwithstanding , both McGreevey and Andrews have received better-than-average ratings from green groups .
the unnoted ironies pile up : their fulminations [in spite of/still] , both mcgreevey and andrews have received better-than-average ratings from green groups .

His soaring score notwithstanding , Andrews came under fire in 1993 for supporting a measure that would have diverted $ 1.2 billion from the Superfund program ( a fact that McGreevey has made much of in radio ads ) .
his soaring score [in spite of/still] , andrews came under fire in 1993 for supporting a measure that would have diverted $ 1.2 billion from the superfund program ( a fact that mcgreevey has made much of in radio ads ) .

McGreevey 's involvement in the pipeline issue notwithstanding , he gets credit for sponsoring the Pollution Prevention Act , which reduced the toxins released by the chemical industry .
mcgreevey 's involvement in the pipeline issue [in spite of/still] , he gets credit for sponsoring the pollution prevention act , which reduced the toxins released by the chemical industry .

His initiative notwithstanding , he has come under fire for letting the Whitman administration undermine what the Pollution Prevention Act sought to achieve .
his initiative [in spite of/still] , he has come under fire for letting the whitman administration undermine what the pollution prevention act sought to achieve .

Initial impressions notwithstanding , Jooky ends up making intention and product crystal clear : It 's taking on a whole genre on behalf of a drink that promises only good taste , not the good life .
initial impressions [in spite of/still] , jooky ends up making intention and product crystal clear : it 's taking on a whole genre on behalf of a drink that promises only good taste , not the good life .

His denunciation of gimmicks notwithstanding , the spot offers one of its own -- a distracting back-and-forth between color and black-and-white that 's pure ploy .
his denunciation of gimmicks [in spite of/still] , the spot offers one of its own -- a distracting back-and-forth between color and black-and-white that 's pure ploy .

The ratings-pandering and suspension-of-skepticism charges notwithstanding , the public is likely to give ABC some credit .
the ratings-pandering and suspension-of-skepticism charges [in spite of/still] , the public is likely to give abc some credit .

Fargo 's Oscar success notwithstanding , Miller 's Crossing remains the Coen 's best offering .
fargo 's oscar success [in spite of/still] , miller 's crossing remains the coen 's best offering .

Notwithstanding everyone 's reluctance , Lehrman got several minutes of film that brought dozens of bit players and their world to life -- the seductive Sandor Ferenczi at a caf , ( he once conducted affairs with a patient and her mother at the same time ) , the warm and animated Princess Marie Bonaparte graciously introducing everybody to everybody else at tea parties ( she later rescued Freud from the Nazis ) , a dashing and alarmingly radiant Wilhelm Reich ( he lated invented orgone therapy ) .
[in spite of/still] everyone 's reluctance , lehrman got several minutes of film that brought dozens of bit players and their world to life -- the seductive sandor ferenczi at a caf , ( he once conducted affairs with a patient and her mother at the same time ) , the warm and animated princess marie bonaparte graciously introducing everybody to everybody else at tea parties ( she later rescued freud from the nazis ) , a dashing and alarmingly radiant wilhelm reich ( he lated invented orgone therapy ) .

The year is 1964 and all seems well , notwithstanding the recent Great Famine , perhaps the most severe in human history and almost entirely Mao 's fault .
the year is 1964 and all seems well , [in spite of/still] the recent great famine , perhaps the most severe in human history and almost entirely mao 's fault .

I am more than glad that Larry thinks that I have joined issues on the matter , and have been able to penetrate this world notwithstanding my ivory-tower-libertarian credentials .
i am more than glad that larry thinks that i have joined issues on the matter , and have been able to penetrate this world [in spite of/still] my ivory-tower-libertarian credentials .

On closer inspection , however , food irradiation turns out to work safely and effectively , opponents ' concerns notwithstanding .
on closer inspection , however , food irradiation turns out to work safely and effectively , opponents ' concerns [in spite of/still] .

Though Prudie has the fondest feelings for Jewish doctors , she has a hunch you are a fine young man , your little firearms joke notwithstanding .
though prudie has the fondest feelings for jewish doctors , she has a hunch you are a fine young man , your little firearms joke [in spite of/still] .

Supply-side dogma notwithstanding , what has boosted tax revenues beyond expectations in the last couple of years are the last two tax increases , in 1990 and 1993 .
supply-side dogma [in spite of/still] , what has boosted tax revenues beyond expectations in the last couple of years are the last two tax increases , in 1990 and 1993 .

In still other cases , the company might guarantee that the executive will receive big bonuses in future years , poor profits notwithstanding .
in still other cases , the company might guarantee that the executive will receive big bonuses in future years , poor profits [in spite of/still] .

The law notwithstanding , candidates in both parties have stepped up their kiddie-cash collections .
the law [in spite of/still] , candidates in both parties have stepped up their kiddie-cash collections .

Believe whom you will , but it 's Jerry who behaved most caddishly by reading a yet-to- close story about himself , requesting corrections , firing his publicist , and afterwards -- his stated pleasure in the story notwithstanding -- leaving both writer and magazine twisting in the wind publicly by not taking the blame for wanting to check out the piece in advance .
believe whom you will , but it 's jerry who behaved most caddishly by reading a yet-to- close story about himself , requesting corrections , firing his publicist , and afterwards -- his stated pleasure in the story [in spite of/still] -- leaving both writer and magazine twisting in the wind publicly by not taking the blame for wanting to check out the piece in advance .

Notwithstanding , even the brief glimpses afforded by such investigations can provide some insight into civilizations that existed hundreds or , in some cases , thousands of years earlier .
[in spite of/still] , even the brief glimpses afforded by such investigations can provide some insight into civilizations that existed hundreds or , in some cases , thousands of years earlier .

Notwithstanding the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject , I find it hard slogging ( or , as he would probably write , “ sloguing ” ) .
[in spite of/still] the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject , i find it hard slogging ( or , as he would probably write , “ sloguing ” ) .

Of what relevance ( to usage , notwithstanding the fact that the topic is interesting ) is an entry on eponyms ( “ John Bull and John Hancock are not just any johns. ” ) ?
of what relevance ( to usage , [in spite of/still] the fact that the topic is interesting ) is an entry on eponyms ( “ john bull and john hancock are not just any johns. ” ) ?

I can not count how many times I have heard of someone walking out of the door , the laws of physics notwithstanding .
i can not count how many times i have heard of someone walking out of the door , the laws of physics [in spite of/still] .

Notwithstanding the logistic difficulties of constructing synonym differentiators and collocations dictionaries , particularly the latter , it is now possible for information technology to deliver direct to socalled end-users lexical data retrieval systems of great size , power , and usefulness .
[in spite of/still] the logistic difficulties of constructing synonym differentiators and collocations dictionaries , particularly the latter , it is now possible for information technology to deliver direct to socalled end-users lexical data retrieval systems of great size , power , and usefulness .

Of the first Philip Gidley King wrote in 1794 : The Mount Pit Birds are as Numerous as ever , Notwithstanding upwards of Two Hundred thousand have been killed Yearly .
of the first philip gidley king wrote in 1794 : the mount pit birds are as numerous as ever , [in spite of/still] upwards of two hundred thousand have been killed yearly .

Although the Index lists most expressions at least twice ( kick the bucket is under both kick and bucket , which is fine ) , it seems that no expression appears more than once in the main section notwithstanding any ambiguity or polysemy that might it might reflect .
although the index lists most expressions at least twice ( kick the bucket is under both kick and bucket , which is fine ) , it seems that no expression appears more than once in the main section [in spite of/still] any ambiguity or polysemy that might it might reflect .

Notwithstanding , I should not think it common enough to warrant occupying space in this book .
[in spite of/still] , i should not think it common enough to warrant occupying space in this book .

Otherwise , snowiness notwithstanding , it is grey .
otherwise , snowiness [in spite of/still] , it is grey .

Notwithstanding the tremendous changes , Kannur City still retains the bad reputation that she got ages ago .
[in spite of/still] the tremendous changes , kannur city still retains the bad reputation that she got ages ago .

Notwithstanding the unfortunate fact that the gathering and assessment of citational evidence is not what it should ( or might ) be , I should still put my money on professional lexicographers and their resources rather than on M & S .
[in spite of/still] the unfortunate fact that the gathering and assessment of citational evidence is not what it should ( or might ) be , i should still put my money on professional lexicographers and their resources rather than on m & s .

Bland slips up when he states it is to “ enable him to proceed on his path to the murder of Duncan. ” Your Third Prize notwithstanding , Duncan was murdered several pages earlier .
bland slips up when he states it is to “ enable him to proceed on his path to the murder of duncan. ” your third prize [in spite of/still] , duncan was murdered several pages earlier .

One need only read the academic papers published in linguistic journals to be convinced that , notwithstanding their specialty , linguists at large are incapable of writing simple , expository , declarative sentences without resorting to turgid syntax , obscure vocabulary , and uncompromising sesquipedalianism .
one need only read the academic papers published in linguistic journals to be convinced that , [in spite of/still] their specialty , linguists at large are incapable of writing simple , expository , declarative sentences without resorting to turgid syntax , obscure vocabulary , and uncompromising sesquipedalianism .

Their explanation includes Venn diagrams ( which , notwithstanding their utility , I thought had gone out of fashion a few decades ago ) and other devices .
their explanation includes venn diagrams ( which , [in spite of/still] their utility , i thought had gone out of fashion a few decades ago ) and other devices .

Could your contributor , notwithstanding his correct identification of the background to Three Men on the Bummel , be confusing it with the better-known Three Men in a Boat , where the scenery is decidedly fluvial ?
could your contributor , [in spite of/still] his correct identification of the background to three men on the bummel , be confusing it with the better-known three men in a boat , where the scenery is decidedly fluvial ?

Notwithstanding , people who use dictionaries regularly become accustomed to one , which becomes their favorite for any number of reasons : for purposes of utility and for philosophical reasons , I prefer geographical and biographical entries to be interfiled with other entries in one alphabetical listing ; others prefer to have them separate .
[in spite of/still] , people who use dictionaries regularly become accustomed to one , which becomes their favorite for any number of reasons : for purposes of utility and for philosophical reasons , i prefer geographical and biographical entries to be interfiled with other entries in one alphabetical listing ; others prefer to have them separate .

Notwithstanding this , all the old rubbish is repeated .
[in spite of/still] this , all the old rubbish is repeated .

It goes without saying that not all targets of Skeat 's wrath and contumely took his abuse lying down , notwithstanding his correctness in most matters etymological .
it goes without saying that not all targets of skeat 's wrath and contumely took his abuse lying down , [in spite of/still] his correctness in most matters etymological .

Skeat 's reply was suitably abject at the outset , but , as might be expected , notwithstanding a direct apology , he could not resist commenting on the entirely irrelevant matter of the origin of wayz-goose while attempting to turn the tables on his critic by painting himself as the put-upon , absentminded professor , struggling in his tiny cell against overwhelming numbers of books and the obligations that attend them :
skeat 's reply was suitably abject at the outset , but , as might be expected , [in spite of/still] a direct apology , he could not resist commenting on the entirely irrelevant matter of the origin of wayz-goose while attempting to turn the tables on his critic by painting himself as the put-upon , absentminded professor , struggling in his tiny cell against overwhelming numbers of books and the obligations that attend them :

Although , indeed , against these last , notwithstanding the laughter they might excite ( of which spark of pleasure the writer will only be too glad to be the cause ) , farwrittle and farspeakle for telegraph and telephone may have as much , if not more , to recommend them , as they have or any before them .
although , indeed , against these last , [in spite of/still] the laughter they might excite ( of which spark of pleasure the writer will only be too glad to be the cause ) , farwrittle and farspeakle for telegraph and telephone may have as much , if not more , to recommend them , as they have or any before them .

Similarly , there is not only confutation by disputation ( on the contrary , notwithstanding , however , nevertheless ) , but there is also negation by concession ( despite , although , allowing that ) and also , not least , refutation by capitulation ( it might be argued , it would be easy to conclude ) .
similarly , there is not only confutation by disputation ( on the contrary , [in spite of/still] , however , nevertheless ) , but there is also negation by concession ( despite , although , allowing that ) and also , not least , refutation by capitulation ( it might be argued , it would be easy to conclude ) .

Although he is not a professional linguist , Bill knows a great deal about language and , notwithstanding some of the comments he makes in his column , is very sensitive to it .
although he is not a professional linguist , bill knows a great deal about language and , [in spite of/still] some of the comments he makes in his column , is very sensitive to it .

Notwithstanding my personal speculations about the author 's sentiments on the “ improvements ” discussed , from spelling reform to the reasonable/unreasonable acquiescence to the pressures of feminism , I could find nothing that interferes with his even-handed , detached description of how people feel about English .
[in spite of/still] my personal speculations about the author 's sentiments on the “ improvements ” discussed , from spelling reform to the reasonable/unreasonable acquiescence to the pressures of feminism , i could find nothing that interferes with his even-handed , detached description of how people feel about english .

Other common sodium compounds are NaHCO3 ( sodium bicarbonate , or baking soda , mentioned above ) , NaCl ( sodium chloride , or common table salt ; chlorine is so called because in its gaseous form it is green— Greek chlor- , as in chlorophyl , which , a vulgar euphemism for manure notwithstanding , is what really makes the grass grow green ) , NaOH ( sodium hydroxide , commonly known as caustic soda or lye ) and NaNO3 ( sodium nitrate , sometimes called Chile saltpeter ) .
other common sodium compounds are nahco3 ( sodium bicarbonate , or baking soda , mentioned above ) , nacl ( sodium chloride , or common table salt ; chlorine is so called because in its gaseous form it is green— greek chlor- , as in chlorophyl , which , a vulgar euphemism for manure [in spite of/still] , is what really makes the grass grow green ) , naoh ( sodium hydroxide , commonly known as caustic soda or lye ) and nano3 ( sodium nitrate , sometimes called chile saltpeter ) .

Kedgeree , a vegetable curry , popular with seamen , has , notwithstanding tarry appetites , not the remotest connection with matters nautical ; kickback is shown by the OED2e to be a 20th-century coinage , and there is not evidence to suggest it ever had anything to do with maritime affairs ; and kite , for which the OED2e includes a 7th-century quotation for the ( original ) bird sense , found a metaphoric application to sail not much before the middle of the 19th century .
kedgeree , a vegetable curry , popular with seamen , has , [in spite of/still] tarry appetites , not the remotest connection with matters nautical ; kickback is shown by the oed2e to be a 20th-century coinage , and there is not evidence to suggest it ever had anything to do with maritime affairs ; and kite , for which the oed2e includes a 7th-century quotation for the ( original ) bird sense , found a metaphoric application to sail not much before the middle of the 19th century .

Hardly , though Oxford University Press went through a bad patch some years ago because of the subentry Jew down ` bargain down in price , ' notwithstanding its notation marking the use as offensive .
hardly , though oxford university press went through a bad patch some years ago because of the subentry jew down ` bargain down in price , ' [in spite of/still] its notation marking the use as offensive .

Notwithstanding , my claim to prior inspiration remains .
[in spite of/still] , my claim to prior inspiration remains .

Notwithstanding , many people derive enjoyment from wallowing in peculiar , curious , and unfamiliar words , which often provide a source of amusement .
[in spite of/still] , many people derive enjoyment from wallowing in peculiar , curious , and unfamiliar words , which often provide a source of amusement .

W follows the ( useful ) practice of listing a shortened pronunciation key on each right-hand page ; L 's failure to do so is a disadvantage , notwithstanding the simplicity of their system , for the user must ferret about to find the description given on page xxii to clarify any question .
w follows the ( useful ) practice of listing a shortened pronunciation key on each right-hand page ; l 's failure to do so is a disadvantage , [in spite of/still] the simplicity of their system , for the user must ferret about to find the description given on page xxii to clarify any question .

Notwithstanding , such features are valued by users and cutting them could be a disadvantage .
[in spite of/still] , such features are valued by users and cutting them could be a disadvantage .

Fortunately , the real world of computers , notwithstanding slang words to the contrary , exists somewhere between the opposing fantasies of the cold impersonality of Brave New World and the carefree innocence of Winnie the Pooh .
fortunately , the real world of computers , [in spite of/still] slang words to the contrary , exists somewhere between the opposing fantasies of the cold impersonality of brave new world and the carefree innocence of winnie the pooh .

Notwithstanding , the content that was read is not without interest and merit .
[in spite of/still] , the content that was read is not without interest and merit .

The first , “ Attending the hearing : listening in legal settings , ” by Peter Goodrich , a lecturer in law , does not seem to come to grips with its subject -- at least in an understandable way -- till more than halfway through , notwithstanding its inclusion of much matter that makes good and interesting reading .
the first , “ attending the hearing : listening in legal settings , ” by peter goodrich , a lecturer in law , does not seem to come to grips with its subject -- at least in an understandable way -- till more than halfway through , [in spite of/still] its inclusion of much matter that makes good and interesting reading .

Esperanto is lingua incognita to the native speaker of Arabic , Chinese , Japanese , or any other non-Indo-European language , notwithstanding its somewhat simplified structure , which aids in its rapid assimilation .
esperanto is lingua incognita to the native speaker of arabic , chinese , japanese , or any other non-indo-european language , [in spite of/still] its somewhat simplified structure , which aids in its rapid assimilation .

Notwithstanding certain benefits arising from compactness , redundancy actually plays an important role in the communication process .
[in spite of/still] certain benefits arising from compactness , redundancy actually plays an important role in the communication process .

